 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 56.   First, I would like to thank our chairwoman, the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Waters), for her outstanding leadership in bringing  this bill to the floor. I would also like to thank the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. McHenry) for his energetic support as well. In  addition, I would like to thank my distinguished colleague, the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Budd), a colleague of ours on the  Financial Services Committee, for working in a bipartisan fashion with  me to get this bill to the floor in a better way to safeguard our  emerging financial technology sector against its illicit use by  terrorists and their financiers, money launderers, computer hackers,  and other criminal actors.   I would also like to point out, as evidenced in the course of our  ongoing committee investigation to examine terrorist and money  laundering activities, that continued innovations in digital  currencies, peer-to-peer financing, mobile payments, and other emerging  financial technologies--or in today's lingo, fintech--have been met  with increasing efforts by malign actors to exploit these digital  platforms and services for terrorist and other criminal purposes.  According to the Combating Terrorism Center At West Point: ``Given the  interest that terrorist organizations have shown in leveraging digital  currencies, their use of such mediums for conducting financial  transactions will only increase in the future.''    So the growing reliance on digital currency for terrorist financing  recently manifested itself in the U.S. in the form of a complex bank  fraud scheme perpetrated by a Long Island woman, Zoobia Shahnaz, who  pleaded guilty in November of 2018 to providing material support to a  terrorist organization.   In an attempt to raise funds for the Islamic State, Ms. Shahnaz  fraudulently obtained credit cards which she used to purchase more than  $62,000 in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. After converting the  currency to U.S. dollars and transferring the funds to her checking  account, she proceeded to execute wire transactions totaling over  $150,000 directed to top Islamic State-affiliated individuals and shell  entities in Pakistan, China, and Turkey.   The illicit use of digital currency systems has also extended to  other criminal enterprises, including cybercrime. According to a six- count indictment returned by a Federal grand jury in Newark, New  Jersey, two Iranian nationals engaged in a nearly 3-year international  extortion and computer crime scheme involving the deployment of so- called sam sam ransomware against U.S. public and private entities.  Acting from inside Iran, these cybercriminals forcibly encrypted the  computer systems of more than 200 hospitals, municipalities, and public  institutions in the United States, including the city of Atlanta, the  city of Newark, and the Colorado Department of Transportation. In  exchange for decryption keys, they demanded ransom to be paid in  bitcoin. In total, the men collected over $6 million in ransom  payments, to date, while causing more than $30 million in losses to  their U.S. victims.   Moreover, in July of last year, Special Counsel Bob Mueller indicted  12 Russian intelligence officers stemming from their involvement in  cyber attacks against U.S. individuals and entities leading up to the  2016 Presidential election. According to the 11-count indictment, in  order to ``facilitate the purchase of infrastructure used in their  hacking activity . . . the defendants conspired to launder the  equivalent of more than $95,000 through a web of transactions  structured to capitalize on the perceived anonymity of cryptocurrencies  such as bitcoin.''  [[Page H1230]]     So as we continue to witness and embrace rapid digital  innovation in the traditional banking and finance sector, it is urgent  that government and industry work together to adopt and deploy  regulatory protocols such as blockchain technologies to protect the  integrity of digital financial systems against abuse.   To this end, our legislation, the Financial Technology Protection  Act, would establish an independent task force consisting of both  public and private stakeholders to address the threat of exploitation  of new financial technologies by terrorists and other malign actors.   It would also authorize innovative fintech grants to enhance the  ability of U.S. companies, academic institutions, nonprofit  organizations, and other private-sector entities to develop new tools  designed to protect against criminal use of cryptocurrencies and  enhance U.S. competitiveness in global financial markets.   Moreover, the bill would authorize a rewards program for individuals  who provide information leading to the conviction of those who use  digital currency systems for terrorist purposes.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support H.R. 56.   