 Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent to speak as  in morning business.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss one of the judicial  nominations we are considering. We are on the floor this afternoon to  discuss the nomination of Matthew J. Kacsmaryk to be a U.S. district  judge for the Northern District of Texas.   We know that under the Senate rules we are now operating under,  judicial nominees are receiving just 2 hours of what is called  postcloture consideration, and for that time on the floor, we are  considering a lifetime appointment to be on the Federal district court  bench or to be a judge on one of the circuit courts. These are lifetime  appointments, and to have just 2 hours on any nomination I don't think  is enough time--I think a lot of Americans agree with me--but maybe  even more so when you have a nominee whose views are, to be understated  for a moment, troubling, views about judicial philosophy or a judicial  philosophy and--a philosophy that I think a lot of Americans would find  extreme.   In this case, the nomination of Mr. Kacsmaryk is a prime example of  why these nominees for lifetime appointments warrant a longer time for  review. Again, I think that is an understatement.   Even at a time when we are on a regular basis considering nominees  who fall outside of the mainstream and who tend to fall in a place, in  terms of legal philosophy, that a lot of Americans would find very  concerning--even at a time when we have considered a lot of nominees I  would consider outside the mainstream, Mr. Kacsmaryk's nomination is  particularly troubling. I will use just two examples, briefly.   The first example is his hostility to women's access to safe,  affordable, and FDA-approved contraception. So many Americans--I think  long before the Affordable Care Act but certainly in light of the  Affordable Care Act--consider access to contraception that is safe,  affordable, and FDA-approved--well, I think most Americans would  consider and should consider that part of a basic healthcare package.  That is the way it ought to be. But I would hope that a judge would at  least recognize that it is fundamental to women's healthcare.  Unfortunately, I don't think this nominee does, and that in and of  itself is troubling.   The second example--and these are only brief overviews in the  interest of time--is Mr. Kacsmaryk has repeatedly disparaged and  attacked the LGBTQ community. In a public comment in 2016 to the  Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, which is part of the  Department of Health and Human Services and is known as CMS, Mr.  Kacsmaryk argued that transgender individuals suffer from a  ``psychological condition in need of care'' and suggested that being  transgender was a ``delusion.'' I have to ask--a delusion? Where does  he come up with that? I don't know where one comes up with that kind of  analysis. It doesn't make sense to most Americans.   Prior to that, Mr. Kacsmaryk wrote an article about the Equality Act,  which is bipartisan legislation that is before the Senate. The Equality  Act would have the effect of--these are my words; this is not a full  description of it--have the effect of catching up, in terms of the  legal protections provided to Americans who happen to be gay or  lesbian, bisexual, transgender--have the protections afforded to them  catch up to those provided to other Americans. We finally made  progress. More than 50 years ago now, we had the Civil Rights Act and  other legislation over time that provided more and more protection over  time to more Americans. Unfortunately, we don't have a similar measure  of protections for Americans who happen to be LGBTQ.   It is literally the case today that in some States, if you are gay or  lesbian, you could be married in one hour of the day or on one day and  the next day or the next hour be fired, and that would be permissible  under law. So there are protections for employment and for access to  education and housing--the full  [[Page S3645]]  measure of American life. The Equality Act would ensure those  protections. That is not law yet, and that is why we have to pass it by  way of Federal law.   With that background, I want to go back to what I previously stated.  Mr. Kacsmaryk wrote an article that suggested that the Equality Act,  which I described, would ``weaponize'' the Obergefell decision. That  was the landmark decision that allowed same-sex couples to marry. He  said the Equality Act would weaponize that decision, while in this  particular writing making reference to a ``long war ahead'' when  discussing LGBTQ rights in a post-Obergefell America. So in America  after the Obergefell decision, which allowed marriage equality and  which made that part of our Federal law, thank goodness, after a long  time--he believed that the Equality Act would be part of a ``long war  ahead,'' when discussing that future in America. That doesn't make  sense to me. I don't think it makes sense to a lot of Americans. I  think most Americans believe that decision for marriage equality was an  advancement where the circle of protection is growing, as it ought to.  For too long, that circle was very small--until we had some  breakthroughs over the last 50 years. Fortunately, marriage equality-- the right to marry, the right to spend the rest of your life with  someone you love of the same sex--was finally enshrined into law by a  Supreme Court decision. But this nominee seems to believe that the  Equality Act would ``weaponize.'' I don't know where you come up with  words like that--``weaponize,'' ``war.'' It just doesn't seem to fit in  the America I think most people believe in.   As this is playing out, it just so happens--and this is offensive. I  hope it wasn't intentional. I don't have any reason to believe it was  intentional. But it just so happens that the majority has this  particular nomination on the floor when we are talking about these  concerns about LGBTQ Americans and a particular nominee or maybe more  than one nominee--I am here to talk about just one. But this is all  playing out this month in the midst of celebrating LGBTQ Pride Month.  So that is particularly offensive.   Again, I will state for the record that I don't have evidence that it  was intentional to consider someone with those views at this particular  time, but it is nonetheless offensive because of the timing.   The LGBTQ community had to sacrifice so much for so long in their  fight for equality and civil rights in the United States of America,  and we have a lot more work to do. As I indicated, the Equality Act is  not yet law. Even though it is slightly bipartisan so far, we need to  grow that bipartisanship so we can get it passed here in the Senate.   I think LGBTQ Americans--frankly, all Americans--deserve better than  a nominee who suggested that the Equality Act ``weaponizes'' the right  to marry the ones they love. I think our country deserves a judge  better than that, even if it is just for one particular Federal  district court.   I also believe that Americans deserve a better nominee than Mr.  Kacsmaryk--maybe especially on these issues that I have raised but  generally, as well. They deserve a nominee who respects and will  protect the rights of all Americans, especially those Americans who  have been the subject of ongoing, continuous discrimination--in this  case, LGBTQ Americans.   That discrimination has not abated or been ripped out by the roots  because we have advancements like the right to marry or advancements in  law. That discrimination continues. In fact, it is protected in some  ways by the laws of some States, where you can fire someone simply  because they are gay and do that with impunity.   The discrimination continues by way of hateful acts that people  undertake, but also the discrimination continues by way of law, as  well.   We should have judges in every district court, in every circuit  court, in every court in the country--no matter what level of judicial  office we are talking about--who will respect and protect every single  American.   In this case, I think you have a nominee who is not just outside of  the mainstream but way outside of the mainstream, and I think that is  why--so far, at least--he has been the subject of bipartisan  opposition, and that is pretty rare around here, as many know. He is  too extreme for this appointment. I would hope that my colleagues would  vote against him. I know we had one vote already.   I say all this as someone who has worked for a long time in a very  bipartisan, collaborative way to appoint district court judges in  Pennsylvania over and over. Those judges have had the support of  Senator Toomey, as well as my support. A Democratic Senator and a  Republican Senator have worked together on a number of appointments. We  are getting close to 20 now, I think, since we have served together  since 2011. I think we are at 19, if I haven't lost count. That means  that we both have worked together to review, to scrutinize, and to  decide whether to support a judge who might come from a Democratic  nomination and might be supported by me and by my office, as well as a  nominee supported by my colleague Senator Toomey. Over time, that means  that Democratic judges, or someone nominated by a Democratic Senator  and a Democratic White House a couple of years ago, and Republican  nominees, nominated by a Republican Senator and a Republican White  House, have been given consideration, review, and then confirmation.   I am someone who takes his responsibility seriously. I have a long  and distinguished record of working in this process to make sure that  we get Federal district court judges from different points of view  nominated by both Senators of both parties who meet that test, not  judges who just meet the test of competence but also meet the test of  being within the mainstream. Again, this means a judge who will respect  and protect every single American. I think that is not asking too much  of any nominee, no matter what district court.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   