 Madam Chair, I rise in support of my two  amendments that were made part of the en bloc that we are debating.   My first amendment reflects congressional intent for the Army to  prioritize necessary funding for its combat development centers. These  centers throughout the United States play a critical role in ensuring a  capable and ready ground force.   Take, for example, Fort Polk, which is home to the Joint Readiness  Training Center, JRTC, located in Louisiana's Fourth Congressional  District near my home. Fort Polk JRTC provides invaluable training to  prepare for the unique situations and challenges a unit may face while  being deployed.   As we continue to grow our ground forces, investing in the necessary  infrastructure to replace the existing facilities at Fort Polk, such as  the Joint Operations Center, we remember, is paramount. This much- needed upgrade would allow our troops better training and ensure full  readiness for when our men and women in uniform are called upon to  defend freedom around the world.   My second amendment ensures congressional intent that the Air Force  continues to maintain its revised plan for construction and upgrades to  the Weapons Generation Facility enterprise. Ensuring these critical  upgrades to those facilities is critical to the national security  interests of the U.S., especially given the recent aggressive actions  from our adversary. Deterrence is a requisite to maintaining peace, and  if Congress is going to be serious about preserving our nuclear  infrastructure, these upgrades must be prioritized.   My home State of Louisiana has invested millions of dollars to pave  the way for the Weapons Generation Facility at Barksdale Air Force  Base, home to Global Strike Command. I urge the Air Force to continue  to work with Congress and the Louisiana delegation to support the wide  array of strategic deterrence that we do there at Global Strike.   Madam Chair, in closing, I am proud to represent both these vital  military installations here in Congress. Both are critical to our  national security interests in the United States, and I appreciate the  Appropriations Committee for giving it due attention.   Madam Chair, I urge support of both amendments.   