 Mr. President, I am honored to join my colleagues today  to commemorate this anniversary of an incredible event.   Fifty-eight years ago in May of 1961--the year in which I was born-- President John F. Kennedy appeared before Congress and boldly declared  the United States would send an American to the Moon before the end of  the decade. This was no small task, obviously, as programs had to be  funded, as scientific advancements had to be made, and as foreign  adversaries had to be kept at bay. As the head of NASA's Space Task  Group said, ``Flying a man to the Moon required an enormous advance in  the science of flight in a very short time.'' Yet President Kennedy was  not deterred. In his ignoring conventional wisdom and the ever-present  naysayers, he pressed on, and so did the patriotic Americans who were  charged with making this happen.   A few years later, NASA began its Apollo missions, and the necessary  scientific advancements became a reality. In October of 1968, Apollo 7  was the first Apollo mission in space, and it conducted the very first  live TV program of a U.S. spacecraft. Apollo 8 launched 2 months later  and successfully orbited the Moon. Apollo 9 carried the first lunar  module into orbit in March of 1969. We were getting closer. Apollo 10  launched in May. It was a full dress rehearsal for the Apollo 11  mission. It was successful. We were ready.   Fifty years ago yesterday, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Michael  Collins launched the Apollo 11 mission to fulfill President Kennedy's  promise of landing on the Moon. That week, my 8-year-old self and an  estimated 650 million of my closest friends from around the world  watched Neil Armstrong land on the Moon and plant our Nation's flag. He  offered the famous phrase: ``That's one small step for man, one giant  leap for mankind.''   That giant leap was a monumental moment in history, for sure, and it  didn't happen in the abstract. It was really the result of hundreds of  years of scientific discovery and decades of work from countless public  servants who devoted their lives to this cause. Apollo 10 gave Apollo  11 the confidence that the operation would be successful. Apollo 7 gave  us the opportunity to see its success with our own eyes. The astronauts  of Apollo 1, in a fatal 1967 tragedy, gave their lives to this mission.  That giant leap happened because  [[Page S4889]]  of the small steps that had been taken before it, and those who took  that giant leap are pressing on even today.   The scientific discovery and space exploration that were made  possible because of those missions continue to this day, including in  my great State of North Dakota. Just a few years after the Moon  landing, the University of North Dakota's John Odegard asked Buzz  Aldrin to come to our State to help him start a space education program  within the University of North Dakota, and Buzz Aldrin said yes.   He left the State, of course, ultimately, but the program stayed, and  it grew.   Today, students from across the globe enroll in the University of  North Dakota to learn about the cutting-edge technologies and  scientific breakthroughs in space exploration. Some of their recent  endeavors provide vital insights for future space exploration,  including for a mission to Mars.   North Dakotans don't just learn; they get involved. Some even become  astronauts. New Rockford's own James Buchli joined NASA in 1979 and 6  years later became the first North Dakotan to go to space, and he is  now in the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame.   Shortly after Buchli's space flight came West Fargo's Tony England,  who launched into space 6 months later. England's career is marked by  his work 15 years earlier at Mission Control, where he and others heard  the chilling words, ``Houston, we have a problem.'' England's team  helped save the lives of those on the Apollo 13 mission that day.   Then Jamestown's Rick Hieb launched into space three times starting  in 1991. The University of North Dakota's 1994 graduate Karen Nyberg  was the 50th woman ever to launch into space. She did it first in 2008.  She also spent 6 months on the International Space Station in 2013 and  now serves on the board of the University of North Dakota School of  Aerospace Sciences' foundation, giving back to her alma mater.   North Dakotans leave an outsized mark in the world of space  exploration, and they are just getting started. The University of North  Dakota touts over 100 students taking graduate classes in the  Department of Space Studies, and they have handed out nearly 800 master  of science degrees in space studies since the program began.   I am optimistic about the roles these leaders will play in the  future, following the leads of giants like Buzz Aldrin and Karen  Nyberg.   I was only 8 years old during the Apollo 11 mission. Like most  Americans, I found it to be an exhilarating experience, even watching  it on my parents' black and white television. But I know I didn't fully  grasp the importance of what I was watching that day. I worry sometimes  that many people still don't. Space was, is, and will be integral to  our way of life, and we must continue to maintain our commercial,  technological, and military edge in this important domain.   I hope we will use this anniversary as an opportunity to reaffirm our  commitment to space exploration and to remind ourselves of the impact  investments made today can have on our future, and along the way,  perhaps we can renew that unifying American spirit that was so  prevalent on that day 50 years ago and perhaps even give inspiration to  aspiration once again.   I yield the floor.   