 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Madam President, I rise today, in commemoration of Black  History Month, to recognize, honor, and pay tribute to five  Pennsylvanians who have committed themselves to creating innovative  solutions to our Nation's most pressing problems.   For 13 years, I have stood on this floor on this Monday, every year,  to pay tribute to Pennsylvanians. Sometimes it has been one individual,  and sometimes it has been more than one, but today we have five  honorees.   While these innovators hail from different backgrounds and have each  mastered a different craft, they share one thing in common, and that is  a commitment to their communities and to improving the lives of others  in groundbreaking ways.   Today, we will honor the individual work of the following people. I  will list them for you first and then talk about each of them in  succession: first, the Reverend Dr. Lorina Marshall-Blake; second, Joan  Myers Brown; third, Sulaiman Rahman; fourth, Rakia Reynolds; and fifth,  Omar Woodward. You will hear more about each of them in a moment. There  is no one way, of course, to make a difference in our society. I hope  the stories of today's honorees will help to inspire the next  generation of leaders. These honorees are with us here in Washington  today, and we are grateful to have the chance to spend a couple of  minutes talking about each of them.   Let me start with the Reverend Dr. Lorina Marshall-Blake, someone I  have known for a long time. This is the story of a woman who has spent  her life working to build healthier communities by advancing the  conversation on issues like the opioid crisis and health disparities in  our Nation, just to mention two things.   Lorina Marshall-Blake's life began in West Philadelphia, alongside  her sister and three brothers. She excelled in her education, earning  degrees from Antioch College and the University of Pennsylvania.   Today, Lorina is vice president of community affairs for Independence  Blue Cross and also president of the Independence Blue Cross  Foundation. Lorina has spent the better part of 30 years working to  improve access and healthcare outcomes for those across  [[Page S1416]]  the region of Southeastern Pennsylvania, which is Philadelphia and the  counties and communities around the city of Philadelphia. Her faith- driven work continues outside of the office, where she serves as an  associate minister at the Vine Memorial Baptist Church.   Lorina is affiliated with over 30 professional and civic  organizations. I will just mention a few: The United Negro College  Fund, the Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, and the Urban  Affairs Coalition. While the health and well-being of our Nation is not  perfect, it is in great part thanks to women like Lorina Marshall-Blake  that the future of healthcare and the future of access to healthcare is  only brighter.   The second individual we are honoring is Joan Myers Brown. We all  know that art itself has the power to enrich lives and inspire change.  At the age of 17, Joan Myers Brown decided she was going to be a  professional ballerina. She refused to let pervasive racism and  segregation stop her from touring as a member of dance revues for Cab  Calloway, Pearl Bailey, and Sammy Davis, Jr.   After excelling in her own right, she decided she wanted to give  opportunity to others. To that end, in 1960, Joan Myers Brown started  her own dance school in West Philadelphia called the Philadelphia  School of Dance Arts. Building on that work, she founded the  Philadelphia Dance Company in 1970. This dance company was created to  provide opportunities for Black dancers who were systemically denied  entrance to local schools. The company continues to be recognized  across the world for its dancers and for its performances.   Personally, Joan is an industry icon in both the national and  international art communities. For example, in 2005, the Kennedy Center  honored her as a master of African-American choreography, and in 2009,  she received the prestigious Philadelphia Award. In 2012, she received  the National Medal of the Arts, the Nation's highest civic honor for  excellence in the arts. The arts have benefited greatly from Joan Myers  Brown.   Third is Sulaiman Rahman. No individual's success is achieved alone.  We know that, and many in Philadelphia and beyond owe some of their  success to Mr. Rahman. He has dedicated his life to empowering young  professionals to personal and professional success.   After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania, Sulaiman  started his career as an entrepreneur. He founded a platform for urban  professionals to find local social, civic, and business events, and he  successfully built an international marketing and distributing  business.   With the goal of ending the opportunity gap for people of color,  Sulaiman created the Urban Philly Professional Network and, later,  DiverseForce, and the DiverseForce on Boards program. Every day he  works to empower and connect the diverse leaders from multiple sectors  and communities. He creates high-tech solutions to impact a more  diverse business culture.   When he is not running DiverseForce, he is serving on a number of  boards, including the Community College of Philadelphia Foundation,  TeenSHARP, and the Year Up Greater Philadelphia Chapter.   Rakia Reynolds. We know that some of our Nation's greatest successes  have been born out of interdisciplinary collaboration. Few in the  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania know how to bring people together for new  opportunities like Rakia Reynolds. From her earliest days as a child  reading the book ``A Wrinkle in Time,'' she has always been committed  to making things happen.   She is a New Jersey native. She moved to Philadelphia to pursue a  degree at Temple University. After working as a television and magazine  producer, she started her own company, Skai Blue Media.   Among other ventures, she helped to craft Philadelphia's Amazon bid  and continues to advise and grow small businesses of all types. She  gives back to her community as the copresident of the Philadelphia  chapter of Women in Film & Television and serves as a board advisor for  Fashion Group International and the National Association for Multi- Ethnicity in Communications.   In addition to her full-time work in multimedia communications, Rakia  is a wife to her best friend, her husband Bram, and mother to her three  amazing children.   Finally, our fifth honoree is Omar Woodward. Like many of today's  successful leaders, Omar Woodward understands the importance of social  enterprises and knows how to look beyond what meets the eye.   Omar is a Southeastern Pennsylvania native. He is the executive  director of the Philadelphia branch of the GreenLight Fund, a nonprofit  venture capital firm that invests in evidence-based social innovations  focused on ending poverty.   At the GreenLight Fund, Omar is investing millions of dollars to  address the needs of many Philadelphians, including bringing formerly  incarcerated individuals back into the job market, helping low-income  children receive quality care, and ensuring that those who were  eligible have access to public assistance programs.   Widely recognized for his expertise in nonprofit board governance,  Omar is also a board member of the Philanthropy Network Greater  Philadelphia, the Global Philadelphia Association, the Maternity Care  Coalition, and the Girard College Foundation, and he holds multiple  degrees from George Washington University.   In closing, these five individuals have overcome significant barriers  to become pioneers in their fields and leaders in their communities.  Throughout their careers, these innovators have recognized gaps within  communities, developed creative ideas, and brought these ideas to life  by using their determination, their passion, and their talent. We  celebrate Black History Month to commemorate the great leaders of the  past but also to celebrate the leaders of today and the leaders of  tomorrow--the future.   It is my honor to recognize and to pay tribute to the Rev. Dr. Lorina  Marshall-Blake, Joan Myers Brown, Sulaiman Rahman, Rakia Reynolds, and  Omar Woodard for their work in creating a stronger, more innovative  Philadelphia. I look forward to the work these leaders will continue to  do and the impact their work will have on the city of Philadelphia, our  Commonwealth, and our Nation.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   