 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Kildee). I join all of our delegation rising to recognize the life and  legacy of the chairman, John Dingell, the longest serving member in the  history of this Congress--over nearly six decades in Congress. He  touched tens of thousands of Americans. Frankly, he impacted this  Nation in so many ways.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman was talking about the bills that he  authored and led. I was listening to that list. The Endangered Species  Act, I was still in high school, and I am not a young man anymore.   The legacy he left this Nation is massive and will be for a long  time.   I first met the Congressman years ago when I represented the Governor  of Michigan. He came to Washington to talk with Members about workforce  development education. I was a bright-eyed 22-year old, eager, ready to  go.   I am sure the Congressman was wondering what I was doing there  talking to him and representing the Governor. He agreed to meet with me  because the Governor had called him and said I was the guy to talk to  him about that.   So here was the chairman meeting with a 22-year-old about workforce  development--the kindest man. He listened; we talked about it.   I represented a Republican Governor. And there is no question that  John Dingell was a Democrat, but partisanship wasn't a priority for  John Dingell. He always focused on getting things done effectively for  people. It was people over politics, something sometimes we should take  to heart around here. We have talked about that.   His question was always: What is good for our people in our State?   The other question he often had, as was referenced, was: What is good  for our auto industry?   Lord help you if you are going to take a shot at our auto industry.  We are the auto capital, and he defended that fiercely.   A memory I have of meeting with the chairman, one that stands out for  me, was about 20 years later, believe it or not. I came in for a  meeting with his lead staffer on Education and Workforce Development.  He came out of his office. He was going off to vote, I believe. He  looked over. He said: I should know you.   I explained why I was there, what I was there to talk about. He said:  I can't sign that letter to the White House. I know what you are  talking about, but I can do one better. I can call the White House and  tell them they need to pay attention to this. Don't mess up the people  of my State.   He made that call. He was a man of his word.   When I joined Congress, I had the opportunity to talk a little more  with John Dingell. Earlier on, he said to me: Just call me John now.    Unlike many in D.C., he cared to hear what others thought, listened  to others speak, not just himself. You know, he always asked me: How is  your family? How are they dealing with you being in Congress?   He will be remembered as one of the greatest modern-day legislators.  He addressed the tough problems of America and got things done.   He wouldn't just talk about it--and Lord knows sometimes around here  they do. He found compromises and solutions. He tackled them. He would  wrangle them. He would find a way to bring it to a compromise and solve  the problem. He worked across the aisle.   I don't believe his dedicated service to this country will ever be  met again. He left an enormous mark on this institution, our country,  and the world that we will all remember.   So I say God bless this great Nation with John Dingell, and may God  bless you, John David Dingell, Jr.   