 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am on the floor today to urge the U.S.  Congress to do the right thing, and that is to allow a vote on this new  agreement between Mexico and Canada and the United States.   Unbelievably, this agreement was negotiated a year ago--they signed  it at the end of November last year--and yet for a year now, Congress  has refused to take it up. It has got to go to the House of  Representatives first, and Speaker Pelosi and the House Democrats who  control that body have not been willing to at least take it to the  floor for a vote.   The agreement is such a big improvement over the status quo. The  status quo is the NAFTA agreement, which is 25 years old. The new  agreement, which was negotiated a year ago, gives something that Canada  wants, Mexico wants, and the United States wants. We want it because it  is really important to us.   It is particularly important to my home State of Ohio. I will tell  you our No. 1 trading partner by far is Canada. We send about 40  percent of our exports to one country: Canada. So to have a better  agreement with our biggest trading partner--and our second biggest  trading partner, which is Mexico--is really important. Alongside  Mexico, our trade with Canada accounts for about $28 billion a year.   I am hearing a lot about it. I am hearing from Ohio farmers. They  have had a tough time. A combination of bad weather, a combination of  shrinking markets for them in China, and a combination of low commodity  prices going in to the bad weather period last year has made it really  tough for farmers. A lot of them are having a very difficult time  making ends meet this year.   They see the USMCA for what it is, an expansion of their market. They  can sell more stuff to Canada and to Mexico, and that will help them  improve their prices and help them to be able to get through this tough  period, so for them, it is a light at the end of the tunnel. If we can  get this new trade agreement passed, it means expanded markets for  dairy products, for pork, for corn and soybeans, and other commodities.  Get those prices up, and give our farmers a chance to compete on a  level playing field. This is a good thing. That is why they are all for  it.   Businesses really want the USMCA passed. By the way, I hear mostly  from small businesses about this because they increasingly have looked  to markets overseas--particularly Canada and Mexico in the State of  Ohio--and they are concerned that if we do not put this agreement  forward, we are going to have a lot of uncertainty out there, and they  are going to sell less stuff, rather than more stuff, to these  countries.   So a lot of small manufacturers in particular sell a lot from Ohio to  Canada and to Mexico, and they tell me they want this agreement  passed--and passed now--because it will really help them. My colleagues  here in the Senate  [[Page S6834]]  have to be hearing the same thing. When they go home, they have to be  hearing from these same people because all around the country, when  people look at this agreement, they say: Of course, this is better than  the status quo for my business. Workers, farmers, service providers  will all benefit.   Taken together, our neighbors in Canada and Mexico now make up the  biggest foreign market for U.S. goods anywhere, so these two countries  together combined are the biggest market anywhere in the world. One- third of all American exports in 2019 have gone to Canada or Mexico,  way ahead of all foreign markets. It is about 12 million jobs, so 12  million jobs nationally depend on trade with Canada and Mexico.   I am a former trade lawyer myself--a recovering trade lawyer--and I  do not practice it today, but I did at one time. I am also a former  member of the trade committee in the House of Representatives, called  the Ways and Means Committee, and today, I am a member of the Senate  Finance Committee, which is the trade committee over here. In the  interim, I was U.S. Trade Representative for President George W. Bush.  I will tell you, from all the experiences that I have had in trade, I  have learned one lesson, which is, yes, it is complicated, trade has a  lot of nuances, it is politically difficult, but it is really important  to our economy.   Why? Because we have got about 5 percent of the world's population  and about 25 percent of the economy here, so it is in our interest to  access that other 95 percent of consumers outside of America in order  to keep America as a prosperous country.   That is what these trade agreements tend to do. The problem with the  NAFTA agreement, the current one, is that it is 25 years old, and it  needs to be updated. You know, it is one of the oldest trade agreements  we have, and it is one that is fraught with problems right now, some of  which are fixed in this USMCA.   The USMCA, the successor to it, is a lot better. It creates a more  balanced and more healthy trade relationship with Mexico and Canada for  us. Again, for the workers and farmers and service providers that I  represent and other people that this body represents, the level playing  field is important because, while trade works if it is done properly  and fairly, it does not work well when you have big trade deficits,  when other countries cheat, when they do not play by the rules.  Everything in this agreement helps to level that playing field.    As an example, right now, our trade agreement with Canada and Mexico  does not have a lot of things you would expect in a modern agreement,  like provisions relating to the digital economy. So much of our economy  now operates on the Internet, yet there is nothing in the NAFTA  agreement that protects data from tariffs, for example.   Another one would be labor and environmental standards which are weak  and unenforceable under the current NAFTA. All of our new trade  agreements have labor and environmental agreements, and they are  enforceable. Well, guess what, USMCA does too. It includes a lot of the  modern provisions that we have in our more recent trade agreements. I  have got a handy chart here to talk about some of the specific changes  between USMCA and NAFTA. First, the USMCA means more jobs. The  independent International Trade Commission said it will add 176,000 new  jobs. New jobs? USMCA, yes; NAFTA, no.   By the way, from my home State of Ohio, which is a big auto State,  thousands of those jobs are going to be created in the auto industry,  which is a great opportunity for us in America to help to bolster our  manufacturing--176,000 new jobs is significant, 20,000 in the auto  industry.   In fact, it is going to grow our economy by double the gross domestic  product of that which was projected in the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  That was the agreement that was done with countries in the Pacific  region, Asia, and Latin America. It is an agreement that many Democrats  have praised and a few years back criticized the administration for not  going into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. But as much as they thought  that the Trans-Pacific Partnership was going to be good for our  economy, this is even better for our economy. Again, it more than  doubles the GDP growth, the economic growth, as compared to the Trans- Pacific Partnership.   Second, the agreement does level the playing field we were talking  about. It has enforceable labor and environmental standards--USMCA,  yes; NAFTA, no--so another big difference. By the way, these standards  are one reason why we have lost so many jobs to Mexico over the years.   Third, the USMCA, like I said, it has new rules for the Internet  economy. Those new rules of the road are really important, particularly  to small businesses in Ohio and around the country that rely on  Internet sales for their businesses.   Unlike all our modern trade agreements, right now, there is no  chapter in NAFTA--none at all--as it relates to the digital economy.  Fortunately for Ohio online businesses, the USMCA has these  protections. As an example, small businesses that rely on access to  Canada and Mexico are going to have an easing of their customs burden  for small values of their products, so both countries have agreed to  raise their cap. I frankly wish they had agreed to raise it even more.  But this is important both for small businesses that are in the  Internet economy to save some money from customs and tariffs, but also  it simplifies their business, which is fair because the United States  has a higher cap.   The USMCA also prohibits requirements that data be localized in  Mexico and Canada. This is a big concern around the world. The country  says: Okay, you can do it, but you have to localize your data here. In  other words, you have to have your servers and your data here in our  country. That is not required now. Under USMCA, that can be huge for  our small businesses, and USMCA helps.   If I may, it does prohibit tariffs on data, which NAFTA does not do.  So these are key provisions to keep the modern economy moving. And  voting against USMCA--or not allowing it to come up, which is what is  happening right now--really means that you believe these burdens and  uncertainties should continue for our small businesses.   Fourth, USMCA goes further than any agreement we have toward leveling  the playing field on steel. Steel production in this country is an  incredibly important manufacturing sector. In Ohio, we are big steel  producers. We are proud of that. It is one of the core industries we  need to keep in this country. USMCA requires that 70 percent of the  steel in vehicles that are produced under NAFTA in North America has to  be steel from North America--so USMCA, 70 percent requirement; NAFTA,  nothing, nothing.   Fifth, there is also an unprecedented requirement in the USMCA that  is not in any other agreement in the world and that helps to level the  playing field considerably by saying that between 40 and 45 percent of  vehicles have to be made in NAFTA countries by workers earning at least  $16 an hour. We have heard a lot about, well, it is not fair in our  dealings with Mexico in particular because they have lower wage rates.  Well, this is being addressed very directly in a way that it has never  been addressed in any previous agreement.   Democrats have been talking about this for years. They should hail  this as a great breakthrough and allow the NAFTA agreement to end and  the USMCA to take its place because this is better.   Voting for USMCA will also help to level the playing field on labor  costs between the United States and Mexico because this new agreement  requires that USMCA-compliant autos and auto parts have a higher  percentage of U.S. and American content.   Under the NAFTA agreement, that requirement for content is 62.5  percent. So if you want a car within the NAFTA agreement that gets the  advantages of NAFTA and that gets to come into the United States at a  lower tariff from Canada or Mexico, 62.5 percent of it has to be from  NAFTA countries. Under USMCA, we raised that 62.5 percent up to 75  percent. This means more autos and more auto parts are going to be made  here in the United States and you have fewer imports and fewer jobs in  other countries, like China or Japan or Germany. So this is good for  us.   By the way, that 75 percent is the highest content requirement of any  trade agreement we have. That is in USMCA.  [[Page S6835]]    All of these things are going to ensure that we have more  manufacturing jobs in Ohio and across the country.   Frankly, the Trump administration, and particularly U.S. Trade  Representative Bob Lighthizer, has listened to Democrats' concerns-- listened very carefully--and then incorporated these concerns into this  agreement.   Some of the concerns have also been raised by Republicans over the  years, but, frankly, when I was U.S. Trade Representative, it was  Democrats who mostly raised these concerns about the labor standards  being enforceable and ensuring that you had something like the minimum  wage that is now in this agreement.   These are provisions that Democrats have demanded for years. Yet now  we can't get a vote. They will not even let it be voted on. How does  that make sense? How do you explain it? I don't believe any Democrat  thinks the status quo, NAFTA, is better than the USMCA. If they do, I  would challenge them to explain to the American people why they think  the status quo, NAFTA, is better than USMCA.   Blocking this trade agreement hurts so many sectors of our economy,  as I have talked about. It hurts our auto industry and the hard-working  men and women who are on the assembly lines. It hurts our farmers. They  aren't going to be able to gain new access to markets in Canada and  Mexico. That is why nearly 1,000 farm groups from our country have now  come out strongly to support USMCA. Blocking USMCA means blocking our  farmers out of these markets.   With all of these new requirements and all of these new improvements,  it should be clear to everyone that this is not an effort to rebrand  NAFTA. This is new. It is different. It is not your father's  Oldsmobile. They are big and meaningful changes that will benefit all  of us.   In short, USMCA is good for jobs. It is good for small businesses. It  is good for our farmers. It is good for workers, and it is good for the  economy.   This is a rare opportunity, my colleagues, to do something that is  good for America and to do it in a bipartisan way. It can have such a  positive impact at a time when our country needs to have us come  together and do something that is good for everybody.   To Speaker Pelosi and the House Democrats: The ball is in your court.  We realize that. Under the rules up here in Congress as to how you deal  with trade agreements, this has to start in the House of  Representatives. If it were to come to the floor here in the Senate, I  believe it would pass and pass with a good bipartisan margin because it  just makes so much sense. But it has to go through the House first.   If that agreement did come to the House floor, I believe logic would  prevail, and it would pass there, as well, because I believe Members  would say: Here is my choice, and it is a binary choice: Do I go with  the status quo, NAFTA, that I have been complaining about for years, or  do I go with the new and improved USMCA? I think that is a pretty easy  vote for a lot of Members who look at this objectively and with the  interests of their constituents in mind.   A vote for USMCA, quite simply, is a vote for improved market access,  more U.S. manufacturing, and a more level playing field for American  workers, farmers, and service providers.   A vote against USMCA and blocking it from coming to the floor is a  vote to keep NAFTA. It is as simple as that. A vote against USMCA is a  vote for the status quo, which is NAFTA.   Supporting NAFTA today means supporting unenforceable labor and  environmental standards, nonexistent digital economy provisions, and  outdated rules of origin provisions that allow more automobiles and  auto parts to be manufactured overseas rather than in America. We have  a chance to fix all of this by passing USMCA.   I am confident that this new agreement will pass if we can get it up  for a vote because the American people will demand it. There is plenty  of time for politics between now and the 2020 election. Right now,  let's focus on what is best for the American people. Let's work  together and put them first, and, by doing so, let's pass USMCA.   I yield back my time.   