 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business for 1 minute.    Mr. President, in recent years, the opioid epidemic has  resulted in steadily climbing numbers of kids entering foster care.   However, in 2018, the number of children in foster care has declined  for the first time since 2011. This is evidence that prevention  programs are working.   It is important this renewed focus on prevention continues as all 50  States work to implement the Family First Prevention Services Act. When  child welfare agencies have more tools, which they will have through  this new legislation, to help families before children must be removed,  outcomes are better for communities, better for parents, and, more  importantly, better for the children we are trying to protect.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, the financial crisis facing the private  sector multiemployer pension system calls for comprehensive reform and  getting it done soon.   The crisis is severe and growing worse every day. Would you believe  about 125 multiemployer plans are in so-called critical and declining  financial status? These plans report that they will become insolvent  over the next two decades. There will be a lot of people without a  retirement plan if we don't act.   Several large plans, including the United Mine Workers Pension Fund  and the large Central States Pension Fund, predict these plans will  become insolvent in the next few years. That is not a very comfortable  environment for those retirees.   This will leave more than 1.3 million participants without the  pension benefits they have been promised and, of course, worked for  probably throughout their whole lives.   In just my State of Iowa, the benefits of close to 10,000  participants of multiemployer plans are at risk if the system fails.  Ten thousand Iowans being affected by what we do or don't do,  obviously, gets my attention. That figure of 10,000 will represent over  $70 million in benefits paid out annually that these individuals rely  on in retirement.   More broadly, another large group of multiemployer plans are in  critical status. They report that no realistic combination of  contribution increases or allowable benefit reductions--options  available under the current law  [[Page S6697]]  to address their financial condition--will enable these plans to emerge  from their current, poorly funded financial condition. So it is very  important that Congress act to save these retirement plans. These plans  cover millions more workers and retirees across the Nation, and those  workers and retirees face significant benefit cuts under existing law.   We should also be concerned about the financial health of the Federal  insurance system that backs up these retirement benefits. The Federal  insurance system goes by the name of the Pension Benefit Guaranty  Corporation. The PBGC's multiemployer pension program may itself become  insolvent if only one or possibly two larger multiemployer plans fail.   One of these plans, the United Mine Workers, just lost its last large  contributing employer to bankruptcy. Without reforms, the Federal  guaranty system, the PBGC, reports it will be insolvent no later than  2026. When that happens, the PBGC will not be able to pay either  current or future retirees more than a very small fraction of the  benefits they have been promised.   Consequently, substantial reductions in retirement income are a very  real possibility for the millions of workers and retirees who depend on  benefits from these plans. We need to act very soon to protect the  hard-earned pension benefits of the workers who participate in these  plans.   As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, I am on the floor today  to join with Chairman Alexander from the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee to release a responsible reform plan to address the  immediate financial challenges of a number of plans in critical  financial condition and also at the same time to secure the  multiemployer pension system over the long term, not just a quick fix  that is going to last a short period of time.   As we looked at options for reforming the current system, we relied  on several important reform principles. I will go through these  principles.   First, a reform plan should provide balanced assistance to the most  poorly funded plans.   The second principle is that Federal assistance to the failing plans  should rely on as little taxpayer dollars as possible.   The third principle is that reforms must promote long-term stability  of the multiemployer pension system and the long-term solvency of the  PBGC.   To help the sickest plans recover their financial footing, our  proposal creates a special partition option for multiemployer plans.   I want everybody to know that this is not a new concept. In fact,  quite simply, it expands on the PBGC's existing authority. It is based  on banking industry reforms that Congress enacted after the Great  Depression and at other times.   The partition option permits employers to maintain a financially  healthy multiemployer plan by carving out pension benefit liabilities  owed to participants who have been ``orphaned'' by employers who have  exited the plan without paying their full share of those liabilities.  By removing these liabilities, we allow the original plan to continue  to provide benefits in a self-sustaining manner by funding benefits  with contributions from current participating employers. In effect,  partitioning creates a healthy pension that continues to meet all of  its obligations to retirees and a separate ``sick pension'' that  requires attention and assistance from the PBGC.   For this partition program to operate effectively and address the  plans that are in immediate danger, a limited amount of Federal  taxpayer funds will be needed to support the PBGC. We expect the  necessary Federal resources to comprise only a small--I should say very  small--portion of the financial assistance provided to the faltering  multiemployer plans, and it is our intent, as we should be fiscally  responsible, to offset those costs.   We should also acknowledge the reality that action right now means  lower taxpayer involvement than if we wait for the PBGC to become  insolvent, which would lead to a far larger commitment of taxpayer  funds in the not too distant future. Congress needs to be ahead of the  real catastrophe we know is coming.   Over the long run, the reforms we are proposing will be sustained  primarily by shared-sacrifice funding reforms and a new premium  structure for all stakeholders of the multiemployer plans.   Because taxpayer dollars would be at risk if the sickest plans fail  to move to fully funded status, the proposal also includes a number of  plan-governance reforms to strengthen multiemployer plans, to protect  the taxpayers' contributions to the overall reforms, and to shield  taxpayers from future risks.   While partitioning addresses one element needed for reform, Senator  Alexander and I propose to go a step further to make significant  changes to the management and operation of all multiemployer pension  plans. This is something that should have been done years ago so that  plan trustees would have had to act in a responsible way, and maybe we  wouldn't be where we are today, but we want to make sure this doesn't  happen in the future. If we go that way--and we must go that way-- moving forward, the entire multiemployer pension system will be better  funded and more transparent to participants, to sponsoring employers,  and to government regulators.   Providing relief to critical and declining plans is contingent on  making changes to the legal framework of the multiemployer pension  system to ensure that all plans operate, as people would expect, in a  financially sound way in the future.   To help finance the partition relief and to provide a stronger PBGC  insurance guarantee to participants in the system, our reform proposal  creates a new premium structure. That structure includes raising the  flat-rate premium to $80 per participant in a multiemployer plan,  putting the multiemployer program on par with a single-employer  guarantee program. The new premium structure also broadens the base on  which premiums are assessed to more equitably spread the cost of  insuring benefits and to ensure PBGC solvency. The new structure  applies a copayment to active workers and retirees. However, because of  the broader contribution base, the copayments are significantly less  than the amount of the typical benefit cuts retirees face under current  law if their plan should fail. Older retirees and disabled participants  will also be protected.    In addition, our reform package establishes a variable-rate premium.  This variable-rate premium, which parallels the variable-rate premium  that has long applied to single-employer plans, is tied to a plan's  funding status to manage risks stemming from more poorly funded plans.  This also creates an incentive for plans to improve their funding over  time.   The new premium structure not only helps to secure the finances of  the PBGC but also funds an increase in the guaranteed benefit level for  the vast majority of participants in the system. Raising the guaranteed  benefit will greatly reduce the risk to retirees of significant  reductions in retirement income, which would otherwise occur if their  multiemployer plan becomes insolvent.   While the changes to the premium structure will fundamentally  strengthen the financial status of the multiemployer pension system and  the PBGC, the reforms we are proposing make other important structural  changes to the multiemployer system to help ensure that the entire  system moves to a well-funded status over the long haul.   We achieve this goal by addressing key flaws in the current legal  framework governing multiemployer plans. Current multiemployer plan  rules do not serve the best interests of workers and retirees. You can  tell that by the bad condition, financially, some of these plans are in  today, threatening the retirement of our workers who have paid into  them over a lifetime. These rules have not been sufficient to keep  plans in good financial health, and they tend to underestimate  liabilities and result in insufficient contributions to the plans.   To ensure that benefit promises offered in a multiemployer plan are  ultimately met, our proposal strengthens the rules for measuring the  value of promised pension benefits and the amount of employer  contributions necessary to pay them when the worker retires. These  changes will require plan trustees and actuaries to measure and project  plan assets and liabilities in a more prudent and accurate way than has  been required under present law.   These changes also are designed to help move plans toward full  funding  [[Page S6698]]  and at the same time protect the interests of plan participants and the  taxpayers who would otherwise be required to bail out these  multiemployer plans.   Our reform proposal also improves the so-called zone rules. Plans  will be required to look further into the future when estimating their  financial status, and will have to institute a form of stress testing  to check whether a plan can remain financially sustainable through  potential economic and demographic stresses. Depending on its health,  plans will have to bolster the steps they take when signs of financial  hardship arise. That is a pretty commonsense approach.   We will also replace current withdrawal-liability rules with a  simpler, more transparent, and consistent method for determining an  employer's liability if it withdraws from a multiemployer pension plan.   We have to look to the future. In doing so, the proposal includes a  new option for sponsors of multiemployer plans to establish a new  hybrid pension plan that we are going to call a composite plan. We have  heard a great deal of interest from smaller businesses and their  workers about the benefits of a composite plan approach, including less  costly operations and more certainty in the financing of these plans.   In closing, let me say that there are no perfect solutions to the  multiemployer pension crisis. But it is very true that the longer we  wait, the harder and more expensive this problem gets. But it is clear,  our solution is far better than allowing the system to continue on its  current path--to collapse--and far better than merely throwing Federal  money into plans without changing how they operate. The problem is  never going to be solved by waiting or by using taxpayers' money.   The House has essentially advanced a pure, no-strings-attached  bailout plan that throws taxpayer money to the plans in the hope that  they can somehow earn returns sufficient to keep them going. We rely a  great deal on the Congressional Budget Office around here for estimates  of the future, and the nonpartisan CBO has told us that the House's  proposal will not generate sustainability of pension plans or the  sustainability of the PBGC. So we had better not spend our time on  something the Congressional Budget Office says just isn't going to  bring a solution and definitely not a long-term solution to these  issues.    In contrast, the proposal that Senator Alexander and I are releasing  today addresses the immediate needs of the few multiemployer plans  facing immediate crisis in a manner that protects participant benefits  and also ensures a sustainable multiemployer pension system for the  long haul, and it does this all in a fiscally responsible way.   Our proposal is not a giveaway to corporations or to unions, and it  is a better deal for the taxpayers than a future that would be an even  larger problem and PBGC funding needs that will almost surely be met  with a taxpayer bailout.   All participants in the system would make a sacrifice. Let me make  that clear. All participants in the system are going to sacrifice-- employers, unions, workers, and retirees. I am sure each one of those  groups isn't going to consider this fair and responsible, but with a  problem like this, if everybody doesn't give a little bit, it is never  going to be fair and responsible anyway. But with some shared pain will  come significant shared gain that will be to the benefit of over 1.5  million participants in about 125 multiemployer plans that are in  serious financial jeopardy.   Without changes to the current system, we can't say for sure that  people are going to get the benefits that they sacrificed for over a  lifetime of work. But our plan, we are confident, will benefit all  multiemployer plans and their participants by providing a stronger  system for the long haul and by promoting long-term solvency of the  PBGC.   Senator Alexander and I offer this proposal as a path forward for a  multiemployer pension system that we all know is in crisis.   Now, as we turn to getting this job done, I look forward to working  with my colleagues in the Senate and in the House of Representatives to  advance this proposal. We all know that just because you lay something  on the table, that it is not necessarily going to be passed that way.  So maybe there is some compromise needed. But whether it is this  proposal or a little bit of compromise, we have to get this piece of  legislation to the President's desk before more pension holders face  losses of the benefits they have earned and benefits that they were  promised.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   