 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I am proud to offer an amendment today to  ensure early registration, or pre-registration, for all 16- and 17- year-olds  [[Page H2592]]  across the country ahead of their 18th birthday.   To be clear, my amendment does not lower the voting age; it simply  allows individuals to pre-register so they are registered and ready to  vote when they turn 18.   Today, 14 States, including my home State, the great State of  Colorado, as well as the District of Columbia, permit pre-registration  beginning at 16 years old. Four States permit pre-registration  beginning at 17 years old, and five other States allow for pre- registration a few months ahead of voters' 18th birthday.   States across the Nation are taking up pre-registration to integrate  young people in the democratic process early, and I think it is time  for us to take up these reforms at the Federal level.   We see young people interacting with the government agencies most  frequently when they are 16 and getting their driver's license or  learner's permit. This is common sense to allow our young folks to  register early when they are already at the Department of Motor  Vehicles in their respective State, where voter registration services  are typically offered, to ensure that when they turn 18, they have no  barriers to casting their ballot on election day.   Madam Chair, the foundation of our democracy is built on the ability  of our citizens to vote. We must hold this right precious and sacred,  and we must encourage, in my view, our citizens of every age, from  every background and every locality and every local party to engage in  our political process. Pre-registration helps us do that by investing  in our next generation and by encouraging democratic participation from  an early age.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank my colleague from the other side of  the aisle for his thoughtful comments. I would say that I think this  amendment is a bipartisan amendment in the sense that it will apply  equally to every 16- and 17-year-old across the country, irrespective  of their political affiliation.   In Colorado actually, in some months we have had more Republican 16-  and 17-year-olds pre-register than Democrat 16- and 17-year-olds. So  really what this is all about is just ensuring that young folks in our  country are able to integrate into the political process and engage in  their civic duties at an earlier age.   From my perspective--I appreciate the gentleman's comments with  respect to visiting high schools. I certainly do that quite a bit in my  district, to meet with young folks, to talk to them about how to become  better citizens and engaged in their community. And often the question  I get is, How? And I think this is a great answer.   The ability to say to them that if they go, when they get their  driver's license, and pre-register to vote so that, ultimately, when  they turn 18 they are automatically registered and ready to participate  in our elections; I think that, at the end of the day, it will do a  great service to our country and get more young people involved in our  political process.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Lofgren), a distinguished colleague and the chair of our Immigration  Subcommittee and, of course, the chair of the House Administration  Committee. Ms. Lofgren.     Madam Chair, I certainly will take my colleague up on his  invitation, and look forward to visiting his district and having him  come to Boulder and Fort Collins, where I know there are plenty of 16-  and 17-year-olds who are very eager to be able to advocate for other  young folks to be able to pre-register in other States, as they have  been able to in Colorado, thanks to the incredible election reforms  that we have enacted in our State.   I understand that we have a respectful disagreement with respect to  the merits of the underlying bill, but I would hope that, on this  particular amendment that is not particularly controversial and that,  as I said, is really a nonpartisan approach to just getting young folks  of all political affiliations involved in our political process.   I would hope and trust that colleagues in both parties here in this  Chamber would think about this amendment thoughtfully, and I would  certainly urge them to support it.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   