 Madam Chair, as the designee of the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Speier), I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise to offer this amendment on behalf of  Congresswoman Jackie Speier from California, who has been a determined  leader and partner in pushing back on this administration's ban on  transgender servicemembers.   Madam Chair, this amendment is very simple. It states that no money  appropriated in this Defense appropriations bill will be used to  implement the President's ban on transgender servicemembers. No money  shall be used to ask whether or not a servicemember has transitioned:  to force them to remain closeted in a Don't Ask, Don't Tell  environment; to force them out to their colleagues before they are  ready to outwardly express who they are; and to ultimately force them  out of the service.   The President and his administration wrongfully argue that it is  about military readiness and unit cohesion, but these arguments are the  same ones that were made to keep the military racially segregated.   Madam Chair, my service in an integrated armed service did not harm  readiness, and neither does the service of the more than 14,000  transgender soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines.   Transgender servicemembers increase lethality and readiness. They  have served honorably and have received prestige commendations. They  are proof that anyone who can serve should be afforded the opportunity  to serve. This legacy of honorable service will outlast this  administration, this transgender ban, and this administration's attack  on transgender Americans everywhere.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to do what is right: Put country  before party; defend the thousands of Americans who are making the  greatest sacrifice they can make for our country. Defend the brave and  patriotic servicemembers who all came before Congress to talk about  their service and the service of other transgender servicemembers.  Defend them unquestionably. Defend the thousands of transgender  servicemembers impacted. Defend them as they have defended us.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, no one would argue that military  readiness and deployability are paramount, but transgender  servicemembers do not inherently impact either.   Every service chief testified that transgender service would not  disrupt unit cohesion or readiness and emphasized soldier deployability  and not their gender identity.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Visclosky), chairman of the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, may I inquire as to how much time  I have remaining.    Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to  the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Escobar).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   