 Madam Speaker, indeed, we are here today because the  President of the United States abused his power and betrayed his oath  of office. He laid siege to the foundation of our democracy: the  electoral process.   These actions have posed a direct threat to the freedom and fairness  of the upcoming 2020 election.   The very day after Robert Mueller testified that Russia had  systematically and relentlessly attacked the 2016 election, the  President picked up the phone and made his now infamous July 25 call to  Ukrainian President Zelensky, asking President Zelensky on that call to  ``do us a favor though,'' and announced investigations into his  political rival, Joe Biden.   We have since learned from numerous National Security Council and  State Department officials that the President did not even expect  Ukraine to open these investigations; rather, he just wanted them  announced so he could smear his rival. Rather than trusting the voters  to decide who should hold the White House, he sought the aid of a  foreign country to tip the scales in his favor--again.   After Russia's unprecedented interference, a dark cloud hung over the  2016 election; and instead of leading the American people out from  under the cloud, the President, instead, emboldened by perceived lack  of consequence, attempted to pressure Zelensky to interfere in the 2020  election.   After a courageous whistleblower came forward and warned Congress and  the public about the President's scheme, the President stood on the  White House lawn in front of TV cameras broadcasting around the world  and called for China to interfere, too.   Some of my colleagues have asked: Why not wait? Why are we  proceeding? That is very simple. Because nothing could be more urgent.  We are on the precipice of the 2020 election, and Congress has ultimate  responsibility to protect the sacred equalizer: our right to vote.   To defend the integrity of our elections and to fulfill our duty to  the Constitution, I will be voting in favor of impeachment today.   