 Mr. President, I am pleased to join my friend and  colleague, Senator Barrasso, to speak on behalf of the nomination of  Nicole Nason to serve as Administrator of the Federal Highway  Administration.   Ms. Nason is currently serving as the Assistant Secretary for  Administration  [[Page S2078]]  at the State Department. Right now, though, there is no Administrator  leading the Federal Highway Administration. In fact, it has been more  than 2 years since we had an Administrator in charge at that important  Agency. The last time our country went this long without top leadership  at the Federal Highway Administration was more than 100 years ago, back  when the Agency was known as the Bureau of Public Roads. Henry Ford had  just introduced the Model T, and the idea of speedy and safe  transcontinental travel was still outside of our imagination and even  further from being realized.   Today the Federal Highway Administration oversees more than 220,000  miles of our National Highway System and some 145,000 bridges. The sad  truth is, many of these roadways and many of these bridges are in poor,  in some cases, even dangerous condition, having been in use far beyond  the intended duration of their original design.   Moments from now, when Ms. Nason is confirmed--and I hope she will be  confirmed--to be our Administrator, I think she is going to inherit  responsibilities and political realities far more challenging and  complex than perhaps all of her predecessors.   As our next Administrator, Ms. Nason will find herself at the center  of a national crisis because our highway trust fund is going broke, and  the system of paying for it is broken.   Last year, we spent about $11 billion more from the highway trust  fund than we collected in revenues. When that happens, the highway  trust fund turns to the general fund, Treasury, and says: How about $11  billion? The general fund doesn't have $11 billion, so what Treasury  does is it issues debt in order to finance the hole in the trust fund,  the general fund, so we can actually fund the hole in the highway trust  fund. It is crazy. In fact, to pay for the FAST Act, we took $70  billion from the general fund and other programs.   For the next Transportation bill, we need to find an additional $68  billion--$68 billion--just to prevent the highway trust fund from going  broke for 5 more years and to keep our programs at the current funding  level.   We all know that the current funding isn't sufficient, either.  Despite spending more than we collect, we still aren't spending enough.  The backlog of money to rehabilitate and improve highways and bridges  in this country has grown to $800 billion. The backlog for roads,  highways, and bridges is $800 billion. The 800-pound gorilla in the  room is really an $800 billion gorilla.   We have to figure out how we are going to pay to maintain or better  yet rebuild and modernize our roads, highways, bridges, and transit  systems. That should be near the top of our to-do list. It is not just  the Senate, not just the House, not just the Congress, not just the  administration, but all of us together.   Whether or not it is fair, Ms. Nason's job as Administrator will be  made either easier or all the more difficult by Congress's ability or  inability and the administration's ability or inability to responsibly  address that 800-pound gorilla.   On the topic of paying for infrastructure, I was encouraged to hear  from Ms. Nason at her confirmation hearing that she believes that ``all  options are on the table.'' Those are her words: ``All options are on  the table.'' I welcome those words.   We also discussed several other policy-related concerns Ms. Nason  will need to begin addressing on day one at the Federal Highway  Administration. Too many pedestrians, too many bicyclists, and too many  drivers put their lives at risk when they use our roadways.   In 2017, 2 years ago, there were more than 37,000 fatalities on our  Nation's roadways. In that same year, nearly 7,000 nonmotorized users  were killed. That is unacceptable.   I was encouraged that during her confirmation hearing, Ms. Nason  promised that she would have a focus on safety at the Agency and work  closely with NHTSA and others to improve information-sharing with  States, localities, and Tribal communities.   Too many Americans lack access to reliable transit or safe places to  walk or to bike. In my State, we have done a lot in the last 20, 25  years. There is a lot more to do, and, frankly, we can learn from other  States, and maybe one or two of them can learn from us.   Meanwhile, our country's public safety networks should connect people  to commerce and opportunity in every ZIP Code--not just some of them,  in every ZIP Code. In too many instances, disadvantaged communities are  spatially disconnected from commerce and opportunity. Lower income  neighborhoods are often far from good-paying job opportunities, or safe  and dependable transit options don't exist for those working outside of  an 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. schedule. Our country's public transportation  networks should lift up disadvantaged communities--lift them up. The  Federal Highway Administration must be a strong Federal partner in that  effort.   Too many drivers lack access to charging stations for electric  vehicles and hydrogen fueling stations for fuel cell vehicles. This is  especially frustrating for those who have made investments in this  technology but may not have feasible options to use those investments.   That brings us to the glaring reality of climate change and its  worsening impact on our infrastructure. Our vehicles and travel  patterns exacerbate the impacts of climate change, and mobile sources  are our Nation's largest source of greenhouse gas emissions. I want to  say that again. Our vehicles and travel patterns accelerate and  exacerbate the effects of climate change, and mobile sources--our cars,  trucks, and vans--are our Nation's largest source of greenhouse gas  emissions in this country and on the planet.   Meanwhile, increasingly frequent and extreme weather events are  continuing to erode our transportation networks. We see it in my State.  My guess is that we see it in every other State that is represented  here.   Sea level rise threatens the structural integrity and longevity of  our roads and bridges. Delaware is the lowest lying State in America,  and seas are rising. That is not a good combination.   The challenges are great, but here is the good news: so are the  opportunities. The challenges are great, but so are the opportunities.   Today, I am supporting the nomination of Ms. Nason because I believe  the key to success at any organization--any organization I have ever  been a part of--is its leadership--the Navy, the State of Delaware's  Governor, and here. Right now, the Federal Highway Administration needs  a top leader, and I believe that in Ms. Nason, they will have one. I  hope--more than just hope, I believe she is going to prove to be a  partner with Congress and work with us to address some of the many  challenges I have laid out and the many challenges before us in the  months and years ahead. I call on all of our colleagues--Democratic,  Republican, and a couple of Independents--to rise up later today when  the vote is taken and vote in favor of her nomination.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   