 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues from Iowa,  Texas, and Alaska in calling for the reauthorization of the Violence  Against Women Act, or VAWA. VAWA was foundational to addressing  domestic violence and sexual assault and supporting survivors in their  recovery.   VAWA expired earlier this year, and it is critical that the services  and tools offered through the law are reauthorized so we can continue  to help and empower survivors. Additionally, it is important that we  make it known that crimes of domestic violence, sexual assault, dating  violence, and stalking are not tolerated.   Senator Ernst will be introducing this legislation, which I am  cosponsoring, to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. This bill  includes key Tribal provisions, such as expanding Tribal criminal  jurisdiction and upholding Tribal sovereignty while  [[Page S6693]]  amending the 2013 VAWA, and providing increased funding for Indian  Tribes to address violence committed against Indians on their lands.   A Department of Justice report found that more than four in five  American Indian and Alaska Native women experience violence in their  lifetime, and Native women are significantly more likely to experience  cases of stalking and physical violence by an intimate partner.   Under Senator Ernst's VAWA bill, Indian Tribes will be allowed to  train more lawyers and Tribal court judges, further strengthening the  Tribal criminal justice system; have access to increased data and  reporting on the subject of missing and murdered Indians; and will  require the Department of Justice to issue annual reports to Congress  in order to thoroughly track the progress of the special criminal  jurisdiction and better determine trends of violence committed on  Indian lands.    The Committee on Indian Affairs has held hearings on violence against  Indians and missing and murdered Native Americans. As chairman of the  committee, I introduced legislation that would increase resources to  Indian victims of crime. The Senate majority VAWA includes my SURVIVE  Act, which would provide Indian Tribes with a 5-percent Tribal set  aside of the Crime Victims Fund. Prior to our work on this initiative,  Tribes were accessing less than 1 percent of this important funding. As  a member of the Appropriations Committee, I have included a Tribal set- aside in the three previous fiscal years of criminal justice science  packages, which underscores the importance of passing authorizing  language, such as my SURVIVE Act.   This VAWA bill also includes Savanna's Act, a bill I am cosponsoring,  named for Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind, a pregnant woman from the Spirit  Lake Nation in my home State who went missing and was found murdered 8  days later. Savanna's tragic death did not go unnoticed and has helped  to raise awareness about missing and murdered Native American women.  Savanna's Act will help to address cases of missing or murdered Indians  by directing the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law  enforcement and criminal justice guidelines; improving access to  Federal criminal databases; holding Tribal consultations with Indian  Tribes, Tribal Organizations, and Urban Indian Organizations when the  Department of Justice develops and implements guidelines; requiring  training and technical assistance to Indian Tribes participating in the  guidelines implementation process; and mandating data collection and  reporting by the Department of Justice.   The Senate majority VAWA includes these important Tribal bills, and I  am proud to be a cosponsor of Senator Ernst's bill. There are many  great provisions in this VAWA bill, and I hope my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle will give it serious consideration. We must act  to reauthorize VAWA in order to help support survivors and provide them  with the assistance they need to recover. Reauthorizing VAWA also sends  the important message that crimes of domestic violence, sexual assault,  dating violence, and stalking are not tolerated in this country, and  that we will continue to support survivors.   I yield the floor.   