 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, my amendment increases military construction funding in  the bill for the Air Force and the United States Marine Corps.   Last year, Hurricanes Florence and Michael destroyed two of our  Nation's premier combat and training bases.   Camp Lejeune in North Carolina sustained $3.6 billion in damages due  to Hurricane Florence. Lejeune is critical to our Nation's defenses not  only for the Marine Corps, but it is also home to a major Navy command  and a Coast Guard command.   The base's unique access to two deepwater ports allows for rapid  seaborne deployments. It also has vast amounts of land and deep  training resources. This is what makes Camp Lejeune the home of  ``Expeditionary Forces in Readiness.''   Tyndall Air Force Base, in my district in Florida, took a direct hit  from a Category 5 storm, Hurricane Michael. Tyndall is home to the  largest F-22 base in the world. It is one of only two Air Force bases  that has immediate access to the Eglin Gulf Test and Training Range, a  range that is like no other in the world. Our airmen are able to train  and test on the next generation of supersonic and hypersonic aircraft  and weapons systems in a live-fire environment.   A few months ago, President Trump came, and he ordered the Air Force  to make Tyndall a fifth-generation Air Force base outfitted with three  squadrons of F-35s and a squadron of MQ-9s. This rebuild will cost $2.7  billion in military construction alone, and it will make Tyndall the  base of the future.   My amendment will raise MILCON funding in fiscal year 2019 up to $500  million for the Marine Corps and up to $1 billion for the Air Force.  This is only a downpayment to help these services continue on their  rebuilds.   This funding is crucial for our military. Our Nation's defense is in  crisis, and our readiness will continue to deteriorate if we do not  provide the necessary funds to our armed services immediately.  [[Page H3703]]    I would like to make a couple of other points that sometimes seem to  get lost in our discussions.   The Federal Government knows that it self-insures the military. From  the moment the storms occurred, it was 100 percent certain that we were  going to need a disaster supplemental. By law, the funds cannot come  from FEMA, and they cannot come from HUD. They must be directly  appropriated by this Congress.   Hurricane Michael was a unique storm. It was more like a tornado than  a hurricane, but it was a tornado that was 80 miles wide and 120 miles  deep. In my district, we have 3 million acres of land that is crushed.   By way of comparison, in 2017, three hurricanes affected Florida:  Hermine, Maria, and Irma. Fifty counties were affected.   Just the county that Tyndall Air Force base sits in has already  cleaned up 30 million cubic yards of debris, compared with less than 3  million in those 50 counties in 2017. Nobody in the history of America  has ever seen this much debris. We estimate that we are 20 percent of  the way through our debris cleanup, and we have done more than anybody  has ever seen in history.   What are we going to do with these bases? Well, we are going to  rebuild them. Of course, we are going to rebuild them. We love our  military, and we need our military.   I have never been prouder of any group than I have been of the airmen  at Tyndall and the job that they have done to stand that base back up.  They already have the first Air Force headquarters up and running, and  that is air defense for all of North America. And we are ready to take  back the F-22 training mission.   Madam Chair, I am proud to say that Tyndall has done a great job  rebuilding, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Granger), my friend and colleague.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise today because the United States Air  Force is in desperate need of our help.   I am proud to cosponsor this amendment that raises the Air Force  funding levels for fiscal year 2019.   Our amendment brings the operations and maintenance account up to  $670 million, which is the minimum the Air Force needs to continue to  rebuild Offutt and Tyndall Air Force Bases.   On October 10th, Tyndall--in my district--took a direct hit from  Category 5 Hurricane Michael.   Now, 7 months later, no supplemental funding has been provided. That  is irresponsible.   On May 1, Secretary Wilson was forced to halt all work rebuilding  Tyndall due to lack of funds. This is a severe blow to our Nation's  military readiness.   These bases are critical to our Nation's defense for both combat and  training missions, and some of the missions literally cannot be  duplicated anywhere else in the world.   Madam Chair, our ability to defend America is suffering. My district  and many other districts across our Nation are suffering from  hurricanes, fires, and floods.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendment.   