 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, later this evening, in front of a joint  session of Congress, President Trump will report on the state of our  Union. As is tradition, the President will that say the state of our  Union is strong, but the American people know the truth. Unfortunately,  it is not.   The American people know that the Trump economy is failing the middle  class and those struggling to get there. In Trump's economy,  multinational corporations and the already-wealthy were given a tax  cut, while American workers were left behind. The Federal Reserve  reports that over 40 percent of Americans would have trouble covering  an emergency of just $400. Forty percent of working Americans, middle- class Americans, are just one medical bill, one unexpected car  accident, one missed paycheck away from financial uncertainty. The  state of the Trump economy--failing the middle class.   The President will say that the state of our Union is strong, but the  American people know that the state of the Trump healthcare system is  failing American families. After 2 years of relentless sabotage by the  Trump administration and congressional Republicans, premiums are higher  than they should be, copays are higher than they should be, and for the  first time in 8 years, fewer Americans have health insurance than the  year before. The state of the Trump healthcare system--failing the  middle class.   The President will say that the state of our Union is strong, but the  American people know that the state of the Trump administration is in  chaos. No administration has had as much Cabinet turnover as the Trump  administration in over a century. Key positions are unfilled or  uncovered or covered by individuals in an acting capacity--the Chief of  Staff, the Attorney General, the Defense Secretary, the Interior  Secretary, the OMB Director, and the EPA Director. Of the 705 top  positions in the government, in close to one-fifth, the President  hasn't even nominated somebody. The state of the Trump administration-- chaos.   The President will say that the state of our Union is strong, but the  state of the Trump foreign policy is woefully backward. It is inside  out. Our allies are alienated and criticized. Our adversaries are  emboldened and praised. Dictators and strongmen are given license by  this administration, while our NATO allies receive harsh words.  American values--free speech, free elections, freedom of the press,  humanitarian rights, civil rights--go undefended in the dark corners of  the world. The state of the Trump foreign policy--woefully backward.   The state of the Union is not strong. The state of the Trump  economy--failing America's middle class. The state of the Trump  healthcare--failing American families. The state of the Trump  administration--chaos. The state of the Trump foreign policy--woefully  backward, inside out.   These are not the total extent of our Nation's challenges, but even  on these four metrics--the economy, healthcare, governance, and foreign  policy--the state of our Union is in need of drastic repair. Still,  knowing this President and his penchant for hyperbole, he will probably  say that the state of our Union is stronger than it has ever been  before in our Nation's long history, thanks to him. Knowing this  President, he will rely on distortions and made-up facts to mislead the  American people. The only question about the President's State of the  Union is, How often will he distort? How often will he make up facts?  How often will he resort to fear and divisiveness? And if past States  of the Union are prologue, he will do that far too many times.   Knowing this President, he will then make some bold new promises and  not even make an attempt to fulfill them. The man has so little  integrity that a promise he makes at the State of the Union means  nothing the next morning. Allow me to mention just a few of the things  the President said in previous State of the Union Addresses.   Do you remember this one? In his first address to a joint session,  President Trump said: ``Education is the  [[Page S843]]  civil rights issue of our time.'' It has been 2 years, and we have  heard almost nothing from the President about an education bill.   In the last State of the Union, just 1 year ago, the President said:  ``One of my greatest priorities is to reduce the price of prescription  drugs. . . . Prices will come down.'' But over the course of the last  month, nearly 30 drugmakers have taken steps to raise the prices of  their medicines.   In the last State of the Union, the President promised that  ``[manufacturing] plants will be opening up all over the country.'' I  don't know about you, Mr. President, but I haven't seen a  remanufacturing policy from the White House. Meanwhile, Nissan has  announced hundreds of layoffs in Mississippi, and GM has announced the  closure of 5 factories and the loss of 15,000 jobs.   In the last State of the Union, the President said: ``We will protect  American workers and American intellectual property through strong  enforcement of our trade rules.'' That is something I strongly agree  with. Six months after the President said that, he decided to let a  Chinese telecom giant, ZTE--a company that violated multiple trade  sanctions and put our Nation's security at risk--off the hook and begin  operating in the United States. Now, while some in the administration  are pushing him to be tough on China, there are some who just want to  sell out for a decrease in the trade deficit. That will not do the job  the President always promised he would.   In the last State of the Union, the President said: ``No regime has  oppressed its own citizens more totally or brutally than the cruel  dictatorship in North Korea. . . . We are waging a campaign of maximum  pressure to prevent that from happening.'' After that, what happened?  The President hosted a largely symbolic summit with Kim Jong Un and is  already planning a second summit. North Korea has failed to dismantle  its nuclear program--some reports say it is growing--and the United  States is not engaging in a pressure campaign, maximum or otherwise.   President Trump called for a compromise immigration bill that dealt  with Dreamers and border security. Congress produced one along the  lines he proposed, and then he threatened to veto it.   In the last State of the Union, the President said ``It is time to  rebuild our crumbling infrastructure'' and called for new legislation  to spur investment. He said: ``Let's support working families by  supporting paid family leave.'' He said: ``We will continue our fight  until ISIS is defeated.'' What are the facts? There has been no  infrastructure bill, although he promised one in the previous State of  the Union; no paid family leave proposal, although he promised one in  the previous State of the Union; and he is withdrawing from Syria even  though he promised we would continue the fight until ISIS is defeated.  And by all reports, including our own intelligence, it is not.   I could go on. The list of broken or empty promises is long. The gap  between the President's rhetoric and reality is cavernous. Every  President uses the State of the Union to set goals, but few have done  it so cheaply and indifferently. Many of those promises were discarded  mere weeks after they were uttered.   Forgive me, but if we Democrats and the American people have real  doubt about any promise the President makes, real doubt about his  following through or really meaning it, how can we not? In previous  State of the Union Addresses, he has thrown around promises and not  fulfilled them more than any other President I know.   Perhaps even emptier than his policy promises are President Trump's  calls for unity each year. It seems that every year the President wakes  up and discovers the desire for unity on the morning of the State of  the Union. Then the President spends the other 364 days of the year  dividing us and sowing a state of disunion, whether that is using  public servants as political pawns, the President's false equivalence  after Charlottesville, his attacks on the Federal judiciary, the free  press, and the rule of law, or his near-daily twitter provocations. The  blatant hypocrisy of this President calling for unity is that he is one  of the chief reasons Americans feel so divided now.   So it is logical to believe, based on his past speeches, that the  President's speech tonight will ignore the reality of his  administration, the reality of our economy, the reality of our world,  and instead weave a web of fiction. If past speeches are an indication,  the President will be in his own bubble.   Democrats are not focused on the President's rhetoric; we are focused  on fighting for workers in this unequal economy, fighting for American  families struggling to afford healthcare, fighting to bring a measure  of accountability to this government, and fighting for a foreign policy  that reflects both our interests and our values.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   