 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  and his leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, it is a breath of fresh air for us in these sort of,  shall we say, troubled times in our Nation's Capital, when there is so  much discord and disagreement, and it seems we can't really agree on  fundamental facts: Is today Tuesday or Wednesday?   Animal welfare is one of those issues that brings people together on  a bipartisan basis.   I am pleased that the bipartisan Congressional Animal Welfare Caucus  has been involved in advancing this. Animal cruelty has been an area in  which I have been involved since the beginning of my tenure in  Congress. We fought, in farm bills, for years to try to advance  protections against animal cruelty.   I am pleased that we are here today dealing with something where  Congress has already acted to make these provisions illegal. But what  we haven't done is make it illegal to depict these horrific crush  videos.   It was horrifying, when we brought that legislation to the floor, for  people to understand what some sick, sadistic people do in portraying  these horrific acts of cruelty. What we find is that it is linked to  larger issues.   People who abuse animals are often linked to horrific instances of  violence against their family and community. It is dehumanizing to us  all, as well as, of course, the cruelty that is involved there.   We need to enact this legislation to make the actual creation of the  depiction of the animals being abused illegal.   For example, the PACT Act would allow for charges to be brought  against a puppy mill operator who is drowning unwanted animals if he is  engaged in interstate activity. It would take strides to protect our  overall communities from violent crime.   I would hope that this would also signal more activity on the floor  of this House because we have a range of legislation that is teed up  and ready to go that has broad, bipartisan support.   I appreciate the fact that we are getting 290, or whatever the number  is, but life is short. We ought to be able to move these items with  broad, bipartisan support to the floor.   We shouldn't necessarily be here just renaming post offices on a  Monday. I mean, these are substantive issues that matter to people. We  ought to be moving them through. I think this is an important first  step, and I am pleased to add my support to it.   