 Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Hurd).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Gohmert).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Indiana (Mr. Baird).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Oklahoma (Mr. Kevin Hern).    Madam Speaker, I would just point out that, to believe  everything that was just said, you have to also believe that President  Zelensky is a pathological liar.   I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.  Duncan).    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   It is nice to see you here, Chairman Schiff. It would have been nice  to have either you or the whistleblower present in either the Judiciary  or the Oversight hearings.   I think we are continuing to neglect the four key facts of this. The  transcript is out. Everybody can read it. The American people can read  it. There is no conditionality or aid discussed on that call. The two  principals on that call, President Trump and President Zelensky, have  said there was no pressure. President Zelensky has basically screamed  from the rooftops on numerous occasions that there was no pressure, no  bribery, no quid pro quo.   The Ukrainian Government got the money and didn't know the aid was  being paused, and no investigation was announced and a meeting with the  President took place, and the aid was released.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Missouri (Mr. Smith), my friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time  remains on each side.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the detail.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Johnson).    Madam Speaker, I would like to point out very quickly  that the only Republican witnesses allowed in the Intelligence  Committee hearings were on the Democrats' preapproved list.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Rice).    Madam Speaker, once President Trump was sworn in,  Articles of Impeachment were introduced almost immediately. In 3 years,  House Democrats have introduced 10 resolutions, getting support of over  100 of their Members, and all of that before the July 25 phone call.   But also during that time, the Russia conspiracy hoax was exposed.  Obstruction of justice charges were abandoned after the Mueller  hearings fell flat.   So, after 2 years, 19 lawyers, 40 agents, 2,800 subpoenas, 500  warrants, and 17 lies in a FISA warrant application, they had nothing  to show for it.   Undeterred by the facts and uninterested in governing, the beat  marched on. So here we are today. We have no quid pro quo, no bribery,  no extortion, no crimes alleged in the articles at all.   But don't worry, because we have a brand-new, 632-page report  alleging all kinds of things, some for the very first time.    This isn't a somber, solemn process. This is a political drive-by.  They just want President Trump gone.   But this never-ending march toward overturning the 2016 election has  consequences, because you are telling 63 million voters that you don't  respect their vote.   Voters in States like mine, who not that long ago used to send  Democrats to this august Chamber but, recently, have found no home in  the Democratic Party, feel that their values have been replaced by a  liberal, elitist agenda and feel that partisan points are more  important than practical solutions.   Your never-ending impeachment quest is a constant reminder to them  that you don't trust their judgment, you don't understand their way of  life, and you couldn't care less about the issues that are important to  them.   As Chairman Nadler has so ominously stated, if you are serious about  removing a President from office, what you are really doing is  overturning the results of the last election.   Well, they were serious. They spent the last 3 years talking about  it, unwilling to accept the results of 2016.   I wonder if my colleagues recognize the irony that their impeachment  vendetta is the greatest election interference of all, and it was  homegrown right here in the Halls of Congress.   