 Madam President, it is very important that the American  people know that Republicans are still trying to take away their  healthcare. Last year, Republicans filed a lawsuit arguing that the  entire Affordable Care Act should be invalidated, and now they want to  give a promotion to the person who led that effort at the Department of  Justice. That person's name is Chad Readler, currently a Deputy  Assistant Attorney General at the Justice Department.   Last year, he filed an argument on behalf of the Department of  Justice to take away protections for people with preexisting  conditions. The American Medical Association said that Mr. Readler's  argument would ``have a devastating impact on doctors, patients, and  the American health system as a whole,'' that it ``would cause 32  million people to become uninsured,'' and that it would double  insurance premiums.   The American Medical Association was not alone here. Lawyers at the  Justice Department refused to sign their names to Mr. Readler's brief.  One senior career official actually resigned in protest, and Senator  Lamar Alexander said that his arguments were ``as farfetched as any  I've ever heard.''   On the same day that Mr. Readler filed his argument to take away  people's healthcare, the White House nominated him to a lifetime  appointment to the bench on the Sixth Circuit. They wanted to promote  him because of his good work suing in Federal court trying to  invalidate the entire healthcare system--the entire healthcare law.   We should not sign off on this nominee--not if we care about  protecting the health of our constituents, especially those who have  cancer, asthma, diabetes, or any other preexisting medical condition.   We should also be wary of putting someone on the Sixth Circuit who  makes the kind of poor, farfetched argument that Mr. Readler made,  because this isn't purely a question of public policy. If it were  public policy, you would definitely say: Don't take 32 million people  and take away their healthcare--right? If it were public policy, you  would say: Don't do the thing that is going to double premiums.   This is about what kind of a lawyer he is. This is about what kind of  a judge he would be. The White House may want to reward his efforts,  but we don't have to.  [[Page S1648]]    If you look at Mr. Readler's record and feel that, OK, he tried to  deport the Dreamers. Even if you concede past his defense of the Muslim  ban or his discrimination against a gay couple who wanted to get  married or even if you don't mind that he is trying to make it harder  for people to vote or his argument to allow kids under 18 to be  sentenced to death--even if none of that bothers you--it should bother  you that a Senator in Mr. Readler's home State has not returned a blue  slip. It should really bother you. If you say you are for protecting  people with preexisting conditions, here is your opportunity.   It is one thing to say: Well, we would never do that. We would never  take away protections for people with preexisting conditions. After  all, we all know people with preexisting conditions.   I have no doubt that is the actual sentiment among Members of the  Senate on both sides. Here is the thing. This week is the week to walk  the talk. This week is the week to decide whether or not you are for  protecting people with preexisting conditions, because you have a guy  who led the effort to gut protections for people with preexisting  conditions.   Mr. Readler is unqualified for other reasons, but now we have a  litmus test on where you stand on preexisting conditions. It is not  enough to say it in your campaign debate. It is not enough to say it in  the hallway and say: Hey, we want to protect people.   Here is your moment. Someone who has dedicated some portion of his  professional life to gut the American healthcare system is now being  given a permanent job on the Sixth Circuit. Everybody should vote no.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   