 Mr. President, when I travel across Michigan, one issue  comes up regularly in my conversations with business owners, workers,  and families, and that issue is the need to close the skills gap.   There are good-paying jobs available all across my State but not  enough workers who have the specific skills needed to fill them. That  is why one of my top priorities in the Senate is to expand access to  quality skills training programs, like registered apprenticeships, that  are connected to today's in-demand jobs.   Effective apprenticeships are good for business. They are good for  workers in both urban and rural areas in Michigan, as well as all  across our country.   I have also heard from veterans, like Rick Donovan in Oakland County,  about how there is a lack of apprenticeships available for veterans who  qualify for them to use their GI benefits.   The GI bill offers veterans an approved apprenticeship, additional  financial support for housing, and other training materials as they  progress through the program. Unfortunately, only a small portion of  apprenticeship programs registered by the Department of Labor are also  approved by the Department of Veterans Affairs.   In Michigan, for example, there are over 1,000 registered  apprenticeship programs but only a couple hundred in which veterans can  use their VA educational assistance in connection with that  program. This is simply unacceptable. Veterans should have access to as  [[Page S6838]]  many opportunities as there are available.    That is why Senator Capito and I introduced a bipartisan bill to  ensure veterans' interests are not falling through the cracks between  Federal agencies as they pursue apprenticeships to launch their career.  Our Support for Veterans in Effective Apprenticeships Act takes three  commonsense steps to expand opportunities for veterans to use their  financial assistance for quality training programs that lead to good- paying jobs.   First, the bill will ensure that every program applying to become a  registered apprenticeship is proactively thinking about ways to support  veterans. Programs would need to provide written assurance to the  Department of Labor that they are aware of GI bill assistance and are  committed to taking the steps necessary to enable benefits to use these  benefits as apprentices.   Second, the bill will clarify that skills and training that veterans  gain during their military service would be a factor into how they are  placed in the program. Many veterans may qualify for advanced placement  with higher apprenticeship wages due to their unique experiences while  bravely serving our country, and our bill will recognize those skill  sets.   Third, the bill will improve coordination between Federal agencies.  It would direct the Department of Labor to notify the VA of newly  registered apprenticeship programs. It is a simple, straightforward  action to actively update new apprenticeship opportunities.   Our Nation's returning heroes deserve every opportunity to pursue  their professional dreams after their service. By expanding qualified  apprenticeships, this bill will make a real difference in the lives of  our veterans.   Rick, a veteran advocate from Michigan, said he would never have  known that he could use his GI bill benefits for on-the-job training  had he not crossed paths with a more senior veteran who told him about  it. It was a conversation that literally changed his life. With the  support of the GI bill, Rick was now able to pursue an apprenticeship  following his military service. He then used that training toward a  college degree and has built a successful career as a union sheet metal  worker in Michigan.   We need to listen to and partner with veterans like Rick who are  tirelessly advocating to open doors to help fellow veterans,  Michiganders, and Americans so they can achieve economic success in the  21st century.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further  consideration of S. 760 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Peters  amendment at the desk be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on this bill, as amended.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I yield the floor.   