 Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chair, I would like to point out that there have  been multiple studies done on this.   In 2014, the Department of Defense and the Department of the Navy  pointed out the negative impacts that low-enriched uranium would have  on the capability of the Navy.   In 2016, another report, and I remind the folks here in the Chamber  that this report was specific about saying the negative impacts that  low-enriched uranium will have on the capability of our United States  Navy.   In 2018, letters from both the Director of Naval Reactors, Admiral  Caldwell, and from the Secretary of the Navy, Richard Spencer, all  stated the negative impact that low-enriched uranium would have on the  capability of the Navy.   We look, too, at the dollars that are being proposed to offset this.  The $20 million reduction in the National Nuclear Security  Administration would reduce salaries in that area by 15 percent.   According to NNSA, this reduction would likely require a reduction in  force to achieve this staffing level. They will let people go if this  money is transferred to another study, a study that has been done  multiple times in the past with the same outcomes, that this would have  a harmful effect on the National Nuclear Security Administration.   They also say that the amendment would negate recently implemented  improvements in oversight and accountability and slow down the  execution of critical nuclear security and safety programs.   It would also affect weapons modernization and nuclear  nonproliferation efforts. The same thing the gentleman from Rhode  Island said that this bill is meant to address, it actually takes money  away from the efforts that NNSA is putting forward.   It also would inhibit physical security, cybersecurity, and  environmental remediation programs.   Not only has this study been done multiple times, but it would take  money away from the critical elements that are being proposed that this  study would seek to find out. Again, the conclusions have already been  reached. The impact of LEU on the Nation's naval capability has already  been identified.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I remind the gentleman from Rhode Island that  this is the National Defense Authorization Act. It is not another  appropriations bill. This is specific to the use of these dollars here  for these purposes specifically.   Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs.  Luria).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in conclusion, I want to point to the 2016  report that assessed that additional refuelings would increase Navy  fleet operating costs by several billion dollars a year.   Mr. Chair, as we are looking to rebuild the Navy, that means ships  that will not get built. That will mean less operating capability. That  will mean ships that need to be at dock for longer periods of time for  maintenance and for refueling.   A larger submarine reactor core, which is what DOD says would be  needed for LEU, requires a larger submarine, and it makes those  submarines less capable and less efficient.   It also requires massive redesigns, so it interrupts existing  submarine construction programs.   All of those things have significant impacts on the capability of the  Navy.   Take the Virginia-class submarine reactor, which operates on a 33- year ship expectancy. That would cut that by one-third, which means it  would have to come back and be refueled again.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to refer to my amendment, No.  403, involving the Cable Ship Program.   I know that there have been some issues pointed out concerning  coastal commerce, and I look forward to working through those issues as  the bill gets to conference.   Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Courtney).   