 Madam President, I come again to speak about what I  think of the inequities and unfairness in the system that we have to  American workers.   American workers, businesses, and the economy here in the United  States are the envy of the world and have been for quite some time.  Throughout the history of our country, our citizens have believed that  through hard work and dedication, they could achieve the American  dream. Unfortunately, that is not always the case, as we know.   Millions of Americans worked hard, played by the rules, and trusted  the companies they worked for to keep their end of the bargain. That  bargain is their pension. These pensions are modest and what millions  of Americans plan to use when they retire in the twilight of their  lives.   But for 1.5 million Americans, that security has been pulled out from  under them. Why, after working hard for years and forgoing a portion of  their paychecks, which they have invested--this is their money matching  their employers' for their pension--have they either lost or gotten  their pensions cut in half? The answer is the current state of  bankruptcy laws.   How does this happen? Every payday, 10.6 million Americans put a  portion of their paycheck into a pension account with a promise and  trust that it will be there when they retire. These same people forgo  pay raises, bonuses, and personal retirement accounts because they  believe their pensions will be there until needed.   Unfortunately, that trust is often broken when investment firms swoop  in during the bankruptcy process. They cherry-pick at the remains of a  company, cannibalizing its most lucrative  [[Page S6381]]  assets, therefore putting profits before the people.   Through no fault of the workers in America, companies are able to use  their pension money for whatever they want when they declare  bankruptcy. Just think about that. All your life, you have been  working--20, 30 years or more--and you thought it was always secure.  All of a sudden, through the bankruptcy laws, they are able to take  your money and use it for whatever they want to now because they  declared bankruptcy and went through a procedure.   Under current law, when companies declare bankruptcy, they have the  ability to use their workers' pension fund to give their executives  bonuses and pay legal costs and debt. I am going to repeat that one.  They have the ability to use the workers' pension--your money, workers'  money--to give bonuses to the executives, who should be held  responsible for the company doing as poorly as it has done to go into  bankruptcy, and pay legal costs and debt out of money you put in there  for 20 years or more.   For the last few decades, investment firms have manipulated chapter  11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code to destroy union contracts, reduce  health benefits, and skirt pension obligations to maximize profits.  Under current law, investment firms can target companies through  chapter 11 bankruptcy, sell off all the company's valuable assets, and  leave the pension plan in a worthless corporate shell, while paying  handsome bonuses to their executives.   While Congress has sat back and allowed the exploitation that occurs  through bankruptcy, millions of workers and retirees have lost their  retirement security. Workers and retirees did not set the amount each  company contributes to their pension plans, the terms of the plans, or  the loopholes in the bankruptcy laws. Those actions were all done right  here in the Halls of Congress. As such, it is now the responsibility  and duty of Congress to stop the financial engineering and close the  loopholes of our Bankruptcy Code.   Let me just talk about one company that affects my State vastly. Last  week, the largest private coal company in the United States, Murray  Energy, filed for bankruptcy, making it the eighth coal company in the  past 12 months to do so. Like so many coal companies before them, they  plan to skirt their pension obligations and use coal miners' money to  pay off their debts, give their executives bonuses, and pay off legal  fees. In the bankruptcy filing, they even labeled coal miners as  liabilities.   I don't know about you, but I don't know how any company in good  conscience could ever label their employees as liabilities. They are  the ones who make the company, but now they are liabilities. That is  why they had to go into bankruptcy.   Murray Energy has contributed 97 percent of the money going into the  UMWA pension fund annually. With Murray's bankruptcy filing, the UMWA  pension fund will become insolvent even faster. Once the UMWA pension  fund becomes insolvent, this crisis will snowball and impact every  other multiemployer pension fund in America.   I am going to talk about a couple of cases here to put it in  perspective. I think everybody will be able to follow this much easier.  I am going to talk about Sears and Roebuck, which we all knew growing  up. My mother used to get the catalog way back when, and we used to do  most of our shopping there.   This information that I am giving you and I am going to explain comes  from a complaint filed by Sears itself in the Southern District of New  York in January 2019. This is the old Sears filing against the new  Sears--the takeover Sears. This type of financial engineering and  exploitation occurred at Sears over the past several years.   After merging with Kmart and being taken over by Eddie Lampert and  his hedge fund, ESL Investments, Sears started to buy back its own  shares instead of investing in its already rundown stores. Lampert also  transferred 235 parcels of Sears' most valuable real estate to an  investment trust led by Lampert himself and then leased the properties  back to Sears.   In 2017, Sears paid the investment trust owned by Mr. Lampert $117  million in rent for the use of its former property. Under Lampert and  ESL, Sears closed over 3,500 stores, slashed roughly 250,000 jobs, and  saw its share price fall from $193 a share in 2007 to less than $1. I  repeat--$193 a share in 2007 to less than $1 a share.   After filing bankruptcy in 2018, Sears no longer possessed enough  assets to pay off its creditors--especially its pension obligation. Now  those pensions are in the hands of the Pension Benefit Guaranty  Corporation, which is Sears' largest unsecured creditor, and it owes  the PBGC more than $1.5 billion.   Recently, Sears Holdings Corporation filed a lawsuit against former  CEO Lampert, alleging that he transferred more than $2 billion of cash  and real estate to himself and other shareholders in the years leading  up to the retailer's bankruptcy. That has all been done under what they  consider legal.   I am going to tell you about one more. This is Friendly's. Friendly's  is an ice cream corporation, and this information comes from the PBGC's  complaint opposing Friendly's plan for restructuring. I am telling you,  this comes from the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, which we run  in this country--the Federal Government--and they put this complaint  against their restructuring.   The same scheme played out with them in early 2000. In 2007, Sun  Capital Partners, Inc., a private equity fund, purchased Friendly's for  $337 million. Trying to weather the great recession, Sun forced  Friendly's to close 63 stores and take a loan from one of the firm's  affiliate entities. At that point, Sun Capital was both the owner and  major creditor of Friendly's. That relationship gave the firm leverage  in its bankruptcy to quickly sell much of Friendly's assets free and  clear of any pension obligations to one Sun Capital's affiliate. At the  end of the bankruptcy, most of Friendly's assets were owned by Sun  Capital affiliate free and clear of any pension plans. Those unfunded  pension obligations totaled $115 million and are being assumed by you  and I, the taxpayers, through the PBGC. There is nothing fair about any  of this that I just explained, no matter how large or how small.    We are talking about righting a wrong that we have allowed to happen.  Back in the 1980s, when the bankruptcy laws were changed, I don't think  there was a Member here who intended for these type of shenanigans-- this type of robbery and thievery to go on in America. It has happened  for far too long, and we have a chance to change it.   As the bankruptcy laws continue to allow this type of exploitation to  remain, there is a low-profile government agency that is pivotal to the  Federal Government's efforts to protect the pension benefits for  thousands of American workers and retirees. The Pension Benefit  Guaranty Corporation collects insurance premiums from companies that  offer pensions and provides a portion of the lost benefit to protect  retirees when a pension fund runs out of money. That is an insurance  program that the Federal Government has backed up, and the companies  have paid into that thinking they are going to be in good standing.   Overall, the PBGC covers benefits for about 44 million people--44  million workers. However, the PBGC has come under tremendous financial  pressure as more and more companies have shed their pension debts  through the Bankruptcy Code. According to PBGC, there is a 90-percent  chance that the union insurance program will run out of money by 2025,  leaving it unable to protect pensioners in need. If the exploitation  continues and the PBGC is left holding the check for bankrupt  companies, taxpayers will, for the first time in history--we taxpayers  will, for the first time in history--be on the hook for pensions that  were evasively disregarded in exchange for investment company profit-- or robbery, actually.   If the PBGC becomes insolvent, taxpayers will be on the hook--listen  to this figure. We, as taxpayers, will be on the hook for $479 billion  over the next 30 years, if we allow this to continue.   That is why I have introduced legislation that will reform our  bankruptcy laws. It is called the SLAP Act--Stop Looting American  Pensions Act. That is exactly what we have allowed to happen for so  long. It would ensure companies can no longer exploit loopholes in the  Bankruptcy Code to skirt their pension obligations to workers and  retirees. My bill would change bankruptcy laws to increase the priority  of workers going into bankruptcy  [[Page S6382]]  proceedings so the workers are the first priority, not the executive  bonuses and legal fees.   What we are doing for the first time is making sure the wage earner,  the worker, is in the front of the line, not the back of the line.  Right now if a bankruptcy occurs, I guarantee, all of the different  reorganization groups that come in, all the different financial groups  will be in the front of the line, and the workers are left with  nothing. This reverses that procedure.   It is a sad day when American workers across the country pour decades  of their life into a company and are denied their pensions due to  corporate greed.   I keep hearing CEOs talk about corporate responsibility. Well, I am  so thankful to hear those words, ``corporate responsibility.'' This is  a step toward putting those words into action. I would like to see the  responsible corporate heads of American industry step forward and help  us with this needed change. We have to put our workers at the front of  the line, and I would like to see that done sooner than later.   I yield the floor.   