 Mr. Speaker, I, like many people growing up thought  murder was the worst crime you could have in this country. However, my  career as a criminal defense attorney and as a legal guardian ad litem  for victims of sexual assault has taught me that is not true. Violent  sexual assault is the most terrible crime that can be committed, and,  as opposed to other things, victims of that crime have to relive it  when they are interviewed by law enforcement, they have to relive it  when they are interviewed by doctors and nurses, they have to relive it  when they are interviewed by prosecutors, and they oftentimes have to  relive it as they navigate through the criminal justice system.   We have all heard stories about light sentences in different areas,  especially when it comes under these cases. One of the main reasons for  that is because of the nature of the crime and the unwillingness of  victims to continue to go through this process as they move through the  courtroom. I have done this in a court of law. I have helped victims  navigate this.   The single biggest predicator for getting a conviction without a jury  trial is DNA evidence. This puts really bad people in jail, it protects  victims, it protects future victims, and, more importantly, it protects  the very victims who are there from having to deal with this and  navigate it.   In 5 days this expires. The FBI has said that 475,000 matches have  happened through this DNA testing; of that 42 percent of those are  directly related to the Debbie Smith law. This should be the only thing  we are talking about in this town, because I cannot imagine that we do  not have broad, bipartisan agreement, and it should be the previous  question on every single bill until we get it passed.   I understand how we work, and I understand how things move around,  but there is absolutely no reason this should be used as a bargaining  chip for anything else. This is simple, this is commonsense, this is  good law enforcement, and this protects victims of the most dangerous  and despicable crime that can be committed on them.   