 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   As a family owner and a fan of the Tennessee Walker breed, I rise  today in strong support of this very important animal protection bill,  the PAST Act, of which I am a cosponsor.   I want to thank my good friend, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Yoho)  for his tireless leadership on this bill, as well as the gentleman from  Oregon (Mr. Schrader). I thank them.   So the PAST Act bans the practice of soring, which is a process of  inflicting pain on horses' hooves an their legs in order to give them a  higher gait. Breeders sometimes use soring to give their horses an  advantage in competition, as we have talked about tonight, but the pain  inflicted upon the animals is inhumane, and it should be stopped.    For years, we have known about this harmful practice, yet there has  been very little action to remedy or fix the problem.   A recent story I read described the process of exposing sensitive  tissues within the hooves of the horse by filing away the hoof. Sharp  objects, such as screws, are then pierced into the sensitive tissue  inflicting pain to the animal. The damaged tissue that appears after  this process is burned away sometimes with acids that burn the horse's  skin.   Sadly, this barbaric practice continues, and sometimes even out in  the open.   The current enforcement mechanisms we have in place are not working  well enough, and it is time to pass this important bipartisan piece of  legislation. Horses, especially those used in shows, are beautiful  animals that have done nothing to deserve the pain that soring causes.   So once enacted into law, the PAST Act will ensure that we have a  more efficient system in place to protect our equine companions from  unnecessary, inhumane, and cruel suffering.   So once again, I want to thank my friend, the veterinarian from  Florida, for his work and also just to let you know that my Tennessee  Walkers, our family's Tennessee Walkers, Just Power and Dancers Boss  Lady, thank you, as well.   