 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3722, the Joint Task Force to  Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2019.   Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of a public health emergency that  has devastated communities across the country, including in my home  State of Rhode Island.   No matter your race, gender, age, or religion, Americans are  suffering from the opioid overdose epidemic. In 2017, approximately  47,600 fatalities were attributed to opioid overdose.   Fentanyl is exacerbating the problem. This powerful, synthetic  opioid, 25 to 50 times stronger than heroin and 50 to 100 times more  powerful than morphine, caused more than 15 times more deaths in 2017  than in 2009.   The majority of opioids interdicted by the United States law  enforcement agencies are seized at ports of entry. In fact, the  southern border accounts for at least 75 percent of all opioids  collected.   I am pleased to offer a solution with my colleagues, Mr. King from  New York, Mr. Rose, and Mr. McCaul, that will strengthen the Department  of Homeland Security's fight against the drug crisis.   This bill authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish  a task force to enhance the internal integration of the Department's  border security operations to detect, interdict, disrupt, and prevent  narcotics, including fentanyl, from entering the United States in the  first place.   Secretary Johnson was the first to use the joint task force model to  achieve better unity of effort across the Department's components.   All of DHS' many agencies, from Customs and Border Protection to the  United States Coast Guard, have an important role to play when it comes  to combating opioid trafficking. So if the Homeland Security  investigations are looking into a fentanyl distribution ring, for  example, in Omaha, they need to coordinate efforts with Customs offices  in El Paso so that packages en route to Nebraska are properly  interdicted.   The JTF model is intended to ensure this coordination is baked into  the culture of DHS so that cases don't slip through the cracks.  Congress recognized the value of Secretary Johnson's pilot JTFs when we  formally authorized them in 2016.   As new challenges confront the Department, we must make use of this  organizational structure in innovative ways to maintain the synergies  that drove the creation of DHS in the first place.   Stopping proliferation of fentanyl is particularly well-suited to the  JTF approach. Unlike many more traditional narcotics, fentanyl is often  shipped directly to dealers from overseas. Fentanyl's extremely high  potency allows these shipments to be small enough to go undetected  unless carefully scrutinized. That is why it is essential that the  joint task force on opioids collaborate with private-sector  organizations and any other Federal, State, local, Tribal, territorial,  or international entity to increase operational effectiveness,  coordination, and information sharing.   We need to work with partners, especially the United States Postal  Service and private parcel delivery services like UPS and FedEx to  ensure suspicious packages are inspected. Having a single task force  coordinating the Department's efforts makes it much easier for other  organizations to know whom to call.   So this crisis gripping our Nation is, obviously, very complex. We  cannot succeed in stemming the opioid epidemic unless the Federal  Government recognizes the opportunity to integrate and collaborate--not  only across agencies, but also with our private-sector partners.   So like every bill that makes its way to the floor, this legislation  is a result, of course, of a collaborative effort. I have to begin by  thanking former Senator Claire McCaskill, who has been a true  championship in driving policy to address the opioid crisis and who  first proposed applying the JTF model to this epidemic.    I must also thank my good friend, longtime colleague on the  committee, and cosponsor, Congressman Peter King, who is helping ensure  that this effort is a bipartisan one; Mr. McCaul, who helped get this  bill to the last Congress; and, of course, Mr. Rose, who has been a  real champion in helping to combat the opioid crisis and who has had an  immediate impact fighting opioids since he came to Congress earlier  this year.   I am grateful also to Chairman Thompson for his continued leadership  on using all of the powers of DHS to combat this epidemic.   Like anything we do, nothing would have been possible, of course,  without tireless staff work, and particularly that of Rosaline Cohen  and Alex Carnes with the committee; my legislative director, Nick  Leiserson; and also Elyssa Malin, a former staffer in my office.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  additional time.   As I said before, the opioid epidemic is increasingly complex, with a  number of factors driving the tragic increases in overdose. There is no  silver bullet; rather, we need a whole-of-society approach. This bill  will bring that unity of effort to the Department of Homeland Security  so that it can be a more effective partner in turning the tide against  opioid abuse.   I hope all of my colleagues will join me in supporting the creation  of a joint task force on opioids and support this bill.   