 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a few moments ago we welcomed our new  colleague, my colleague for the State of Florida, former Governor and  now U.S. Senator Rick Scott, who will do a phenomenal job here on  behalf of the State of Florida. I welcome him to the U.S. Senate, the  world's greatest deliberative body--and, on occasion, perhaps the  strangest as well.   In about 1 hour 15 minutes, the Senate is going to take up S. 1,  which is a combination of four separate bills that enjoy widespread  support in this Chamber from colleagues on both sides of the aisle, all  of them sponsored and cosponsored by both sides of the aisle, and  apparently we will fail to get a significant number of votes to get on  this bill, nonetheless.   So it is perhaps one the few places on Earth where people vote  against things they are for because of reasons unrelated to the issue  at hand. I don't want to dig too deep into that. That will be a topic  for conversation later on, and maybe I will be wrong. Maybe they will  change their minds in the next 1 hour 15 minutes, and we will have the  votes we need, but I don't think it makes a lot of sense to say: I am  upset about the government shutdown--by the way, the Senate voted  unanimously to fund the government by a voice vote. We didn't even have  a rollcall vote. So this Chamber has already enacted in that regard. At  this point, it is incumbent on the leaders of the Democratic Party in  the Senate, combined with the White House, to come up with a deal to  reopen the government. This government shutdown is not good for  anybody. I have never seen anybody win one of these.   That said, I don't know why we would shut down the Senate, too, given  the issues we face.   About 3 weeks ago, the President announced that the United States was  withdrawing from our engagement in Syria. I--and I think the majority  of the people in the Senate--believed that decision was a mistake and  is a mistake.   While I was certainly encouraged by some of the comments by the head  of the National Security Council, Ambassador John Bolton, on the pace  and scale and scope of the withdrawal, nonetheless, there have been  conflicting statements since then which put this all in question.   At the time he made this decision, we walked through all of the  reasons why this was a mistake--not because we want to be in war in  Syria forever. That is false. Of course, it has to come to an end, but  it needs to come to an end in a way that is in the interest of the  United States of America. It is not in the interest of the United  States of America to see ISIS reemerge the way they did after 2011,  when the United States left Iraq.   When the United States left and pulled back its presence in Iraq, it  allowed ISIS to reconstitute itself and reemerge. They were called  something different then, but they were basically a spinoff of al- Qaida. They started out as an insurgency and grew very rapidly. They  are larger today and they are more powerful today than when they  reconstituted themselves almost a decade ago. I have no doubt that if  this moves forward, ISIS will reconstitute itself, maybe not as a  caliphate but as something equally dangerous, and that is an insurgency  with the capability not just to create havoc, mayhem, murder, and  destruction in Syria and potentially once again in Iraq but also to  externally plot and attack us here on Homeland.   This raises all other types of possibilities, like the Iraqi troops  along with irregular forces sponsored by Iran--the Shia militia that  have been on the ground in Iraq--coming across the border and into  Syria. We all have read and heard about the Turkish troops that want to  come into the Kurdish areas.   If Assad is sitting there now with the United States pulling out and  all of this is going on, he figures that at this point what does he  need a political solution for, what does he need the U.N. or anybody  for? The saddest part is that this diminishes the chances that Assad  will ever have to face accountability for the crimes committed by his  regime against innocent civilians--children, women, and others--not  just for the gassing and use of chemical weapons but for widespread  torture and murder. We will discuss that more as the week goes on.   We are also concerned about Iran's growing influence with the United  States leaving, especially in southeast Iraq and on the border of  Jordan and Israel, with Hezbollah and other Iranian proxies and Iran  itself, or the IRGC and General Soleimani, who is a maven of murder in  that area, basically doing whatever they want. They have more freedom  of movement, and there is the direct threat that it poses to both  Israel and to Jordan.   By the way, when the Turks come in or potentially Iraqi troops come  in--when ISIS is reconstituted and starts killing people again--you are  going to have new refugee flows. Maybe it will be mostly Kurds this  time, maybe folks from the Syrian defense forces who had fought  alongside us for a while and their families. Where will all of these  new refugees go? Potentially, some will wind up in Jordan, further  destabilizing or testing that country's ability to deal with all of  this.   On that last point, both the Kurds and the Syrian defense forces have  in excess of 700 ISIS fighters in custody, in prison. Are they going to  let them all go? Because without us there supporting them, I don't know  how they  [[Page S39]]  are going to hold them, and none of the countries they came from want  them back. So you can potentially face hundreds of ISIS fighters being  released overnight. These are all the consequences--and more.   What are we going to do if in a few days, a few weeks, or months from  now ISIS decides to deploy chemical weapons against the Kurds or others  in these areas? That is the parade of horribles, and the possibilities  are extraordinary. We could go on and on for a while.   That is why, among other reasons, it was a mistake, and when we came  out and said it was a mistake, a lot of people said: What are you going  to do about it? Don't just talk; act.   It is difficult in an issue like this. Congress can stop wars.  Congress can defund them and deauthorize actions, but Congress cannot  force the Commander in Chief to stay in a military engagement. We  cannot force the President to deploy troops or keep them somewhere. We  can keep him from doing it, but we can't force him to do it. Our  options in this field are limited.   We wanted to do something. We felt so strongly about this. The  response is S. 1, which is the item before us here today. S. 1, as I  said, combines these four bills that enjoy widespread bipartisan  support. You would think that in the midst of everything else that is  going on, this would be a really good way to start the new Congress, in  foreign policy, in an area that traditionally has not been partisan--or  shouldn't have been--by combining these four bills into S. 1, which is  what is before us today.   I want to briefly outline the four provisions combined in this bill.  Two of them deal directly with our ally in Israel. First, it makes very  clear that ``it shall be the policy of the United States to provide  assistance to the Government of Israel in order to support funding for  cooperative programs to develop, produce, and procure missile, rocket,  projectile, and other defense capabilities to help Israel meet its  security needs and to help develop and enhance United States defense  capabilities.''   That last line is important because much of the technology that is  being innovated and developed by Israel to defend Israel can also be  used by the United States to protect us from rocket attacks there or  when we are deployed abroad. The reason why this is so critical is that  Hezbollah has a large presence in Syria and has their base of  operations in Lebanon. Today, Hezbollah is better funded, better  equipped, and has more armaments than at any time in its history.   We all recall the Hezbollah-Israel war from about over a decade and a  half ago. The next Israel-Hezbollah war will be far deadlier and costly  because Hezbollah no longer simply depends on Iran to provide them the  weapons. They make them themselves. Hezbollah no longer has a few  rockets. It has enough to potentially overwhelm defenses. That means  you could have the best missile defense system in the world, but if you  fire enough of them, eventually some of them will get through, and when  they get through in a small country like Israel--which at its narrowest  point is only 9 miles wide--and it hits a population center and kills  thousands of people, then, you know we are facing a catastrophe. Israel  will respond to that sort of attack with overwhelming force. This could  spiral quickly out of control.   How could we wind up at that point? We could wind up at that point  because now that the United States is leaving Syria, the Israelis are  going to say: We are not going to allow Iran and Hezbollah to build up  its presence. We are going to step up our military attacks inside of  Syria.   It is possible, when they step it up, that it is likely that Iran and  Hezbollah will respond by hitting back. Then, Israel will hit back even  harder. At that point of escalation, you could easily see the missiles  start coming out of Lebanon into Israel, and Israel responding with  overwhelming force, and then we have a much broader conflict, with  thousands--if not hundreds of thousands--of people whose lives are on  the line.    So making it clear to Hezbollah or to any enemy of Israel that the  United States stands ready to equip them in the case of such a  contingency is one of the best things we can do to prevent it from  happening. If Israel's enemies believe there is any doubt that the  United States will step forward and help Israel resupply in case of  such conflict, you have increased the probability that they will  miscalculate and take such action.   But if they know that we are committed to rearming Israel as often  and as much as possible and necessary in order to help them defend  themselves, then, the chances of them attacking are diminished. That is  why this bill authorizes U.S. security assistance in foreign military  financing to Israel at an amount no less than $3.3 billion a year for  the next 10 years.   By the way, this, in essence, is authorizing a memoranda of  understanding signed between the Obama administration and Israel. We  are authorizing that and putting it into law. We are also authorizing  the President to transfer precision-guided munitions to reserve stocks  as needed for legitimate self-defense by Israel. The world now knows-- and Israel's enemies now know--that the United States has put aside  reserve precision-guided munitions that are there if Israel needs them  for us to quickly transport them to them in case they come under attack  and run low on the munitions they need to defend themselves. That is  the first thing this bill does.   Another thing it does, by the way, is the Combating BDS Act of 2019.  For those not familiar with BDS, it is boycott, divestment, and  sanctions. It is, in essence, by and large, to punish Israel by  convincing companies--international companies and others--to boycott  doing business with Israel or Israeli entities, to divest of  investments in Israel or Israeli entities, and convincing governments  to sanction Israel.   This provision of the law does not outlaw boycott, divestments, and  sanctions. If a United States company caves to this pressure and  decides it is going to boycott or divest from Israel, they have the  legal right to do so. This doesn't outlaw it. However, it does say if a  State or local government decides that it is not going to do business  or if the government is not going to issue contracts for goods or  services with any company that is boycotting or divesting from Israel,  they have a right to do that.   I have heard the argument that this is about free speech. First of  all, it is not about free speech. It is about foreign policy. We will  talk about that more as the week goes on, but there are court cases out  there that talk about how this is not an effort to influence a domestic  political debate or to speak or take action in the form of speech that  influences a domestic political debate. This is about influencing the  behavior of a foreign government's foreign policy. The courts give  broad discretion to Congress and the President in the setting of our  foreign policy.   Putting that aside for a moment, as I told already you, this doesn't  in any way prevent anyone from participating in boycotting or divesting  from Israel. All it says is that if you do, your clients, in the form  of State or local governments, can boycott or divest from you in  return. Free speech is a two-way street.   Beyond that, it makes it very clear in the law that nothing in this  law should be construed to violate anyone's First Amendment rights.   These are the two provisions that help Israel and to prevent the sort  of economic warfare that is being driven against them and to make clear  to their adversaries that the United States stands ready to resupply  and strengthen Israel's ability to defend itself--not just helping  Israel defend itself if it comes under attack but, frankly, in the  hopes of deterring an attack against Israel. We do that by authorizing  and putting into law the memorandum of understanding that was signed by  the Obama administration in September of 2016.   In addition, the third thing the bill does is to deal with Jordan.  Jordan is a U.S. ally. It is, by the way, a nation that, along with  Egypt, has been a linchpin of Israel's security in the region, and it  is also a nation that has faced an onslaught of refugees fleeing the  conflict in Syria. They face the threat from ISIS, as well. In S. 1, we  reauthorize the United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act, which  passed  [[Page S40]]  in 2015. It is an act that, among other things, includes Jordan on the  list of countries that are eligible for certain streamlined defense  sales, because Jordan itself is facing many of the same challenges,  particularly because of our pullout from Syria.   If you think the pullout from Syria--especially from southeastern  Syria--is a good thing for Jordan, you are wrong. Once the United  States leaves that area, the Iranian influence will grow, and  potentially, the ISIS influence will grow. It will become harder--not  easier--on Jordan. This is the least we can do to strengthen an  important ally in this legion.   The last piece is one sponsored by the soon-to-be chairman of the  Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Risch--the Caesar Syria Civilian  Protection Act. It does three principle things. It requires the  Treasury to determine whether the Central Bank of Syria is a financial  institution that launders money for the regime. I am not sure it will  take them long to conclude that they are, but that opens the door for  the second thing it does, and that is new sanctions on anyone who does  business with or provides financing to the Syrian regime.   It also, by the way, requires the administration to brief us here in  Congress as part of our oversight role on what our strategy is to  facilitate the delivery of humanitarian products and humanitarian  assistance inside Syria.   Hopefully, we will be on this bill, but as the week goes on, I sadly  will have to come to the floor and point out the horrifying atrocities  that have been committed and that, I believe 50 and 100 years from now,  people will look back at as one of the most horrifying things that have  happened in this century. The people who have done this should be held  to account.   This law puts in place not just requiring the administration to tell  us what they plan to do in the short term to help people to the extent  possible, but it also puts in place the ability to hold those who have  done this responsible and accountable for what they did and what they  continue to do.   I sincerely hope that we can get on this because the American people  in the face of all this noise that is out there are in desperate need  of reassurance that our Republic still works and that, at a minimum, we  can still agree on what we agree on and we don't use the pretext of a  shutdown to shut down the Senate.   As I remind everyone again--and I know we have some new Members--this  body unanimously passed a bill to fund the government. I have my views  on this shutdown, and I don't understand the objection. It is $5  billion for spending on border security. By the way, it is not $5  billion on a wall. It is $5 billion to fund the top 10 priorities of  the border security plan, and included in those top 10 are those of  strengthening existing walls and barriers and building some new ones,  but it includes far more than just a wall. I remind many of my  colleagues who were here in 2013 that when we sponsored the Senate bill  on immigration, we authorized four times as much in that bill for  border security. Of course, the politics have changed, and so people's  positions on the issue of border security have changed.   That said, I am not in favor of government shutdowns. I don't think  they make sense. The people have nothing to do with this. They are not  responsible for this. Border agents, TSA employees, and Federal  employees from these Agencies all across the country are missing  paydays now. Their mortgage companies and their credit card companies  don't care that there is a shutdown. They want to get paid or they will  ruin your credit. I hope we can find a resolution for them--but also  for the country--without our abandoning the reality that we need to  deal with border security.   Here is what I know, though. I don't believe shutting down the Senate  and not allowing us to move forward on something as important as a  Syria policy is the way to resolve the shutdown issue. You don't solve  a shutdown with a shutdown. Shutting down the Senate and saying we are  not doing anything here until we resolve this issue is not a  constructive approach, and it is certainly not the way to start this  new Congress.   At a time when, I think, the Senate serves as important a role as it  has in two decades, this country needs a Senate that is capable of  functioning and agreeing on the things we agree on--on passing bills  that have broad support and not allowing them to fall victim to debates  that are unrelated to the issues at hand. I remind all of my colleagues  who, just 2 or 3 weeks ago, joined me and others in criticizing the  decision to draw down from Syria; that there isn't a lot we can do in  Congress to force the President to stay there, but there are some  things we can do to reassure our allies in the region that at least in  the U.S. Senate they have our support--that Israel and Jordan and the  innocents who have been tortured and killed in Syria have our support.  We have a bill before the Senate, S.1, that does that, and I don't know  why we are not looking forward to at least debating it.   The vote we are taking in about 60 minutes or 59 minutes from now is  not a vote to pass it. It is just a vote to begin debate on it. That is  all it is. It is a vote to begin debate on it. To not even allow debate  to begin on something we basically largely agree on may make a lot of  sense in the hallways here, but it doesn't make a lot of sense to the  men and women back home who are already watching the government  shutdown with disdain and who then, on top of it, see that not even the  Senate can function in the midst of all of this.   I hope, whether it is today or later this week, my colleagues across  the aisle will reconsider their objection to even beginning debate so  we can get on this and get to work on behalf of the men and women of  this country for whom we work and represent.   I yield the floor.   