 Madam President, I appreciate the remarks of the  majority leader. If he would wait 1 minute, I just want to make a  little offer to him. I am not going to get into an argument with him,  but he brought up more things than I like to bring up in one speech,  anyway.   I did want to remind him that I was one of the six that voted in the  shutdown, and a day later we solved the problem that you couldn't have  done unless the six of us who did vote for it in the Republican  Conference voted for it.   I just want everybody that listens to this and watches it on TV to  know that everything he said is not always true. He did speak to us  obliquely on recognizing the fact that we did that. I just want you to  know I was one of them. I am only telling him that now because I want a  chip tomorrow on his vote, and I am going to try to impress that on  him.    Absolutely.    Thank you. I appreciate that, I think.   Madam President, I am not going to talk about judges and appointments  and things of that nature. I could talk about them. That is a big issue  for us coming up. I want to talk about people--American citizens,  farmers, ranchers, people who make our food supply happen, people who  make our country happen and our economy happen, et cetera.   Georgia is one of a number of States that supposedly had gotten some  kind of disaster benefit some time back. We have had hurricanes,  floods, and storms. California has had great fires. We had an  earthquake in Alaska. We had volcanoes in Hawaii. This has been one of  the most devastating years--and the past couple of years now--we have  ever had, and, historically, we have always passed disaster bills to  help our citizens who are put out of business, basically, by disaster  to at least get their feet back under them.   We have helped people get healthcare. We have helped people get  housing benefits. We have helped people do a lot of things just to get  their families put back together--people like these folks right here.   I just want to remind myself from this picture here that we have the  Moss family. We have others who are here who raise cotton, raise  peanuts, and raise pecans. Georgia is now No. 1 in the U.S. of pecans.  Pecans are a huge cash crop for us. Of course, Savannah, in my State,  ships ton after ton all year long.   A pecan is an interesting nut, so to speak, because the tree has a  lifecycle of about 12 years before it can make or produce pecans. When  you invest in a pecan farmer, you are not investing like in a  watermelon farmer. You get a watermelon the first year you plant them.  You are investing in something that is going to take 12 years to mature  and begin production. We had 50 percent of our pecan crop completely  destroyed a few months ago now in southeast Georgia, and you can't  reclaim it. It is difficult to finance.   It is an unusual tree, and it is unusual wood because it is not as  strong as you would like to have it. Therefore, when it gets really  mature and really produces, it produces so much weight on itself.  Unless you are really doing a good job, you are going to lose some of  them just because of the weight it produces on its own limbs.   Peanuts, everybody knows, because we serve those peanuts back in the  cloakroom all the time to curb your appetite--Georgia peanuts. They are  all laughing and looking at me. They know how good they are. That helps  all of us make it for another day, until we get to another meal.   We do all kinds of things in here about this. Agriculture is 21  percent of my State's economy, but it is all of America's economy--a  lot of it. Most importantly, it is what we all have to do--to eat three  times a day. There is only 90 days' worth of food supply available at  any one given point in time in the world. I mean, as food grows, you  consume it, and you replant and you grow again.   We have a number of people from east coast to west and from north of  the northern border and west of the west border who are in pineapples  or  [[Page S2110]]  pecans or peanuts or whatever--cotton--and who need some relief that  they have earned and need.   What is happening is that we have had multiple attempts in the last 5  months to pass a disaster relief package. It will be offered as an  amendment that basically Senator Perdue and I have offered as well in  the past. It just takes those people in our country who have been hurt,  who are eligible for programs that exist in the law, and gets that  money out the door. For some of us, if we don't get it done in the next  2 weeks, it is just not going to get done. We have farmers who will go  out of business.   You know, everybody says all farmers are all rich. Well, they are  dirt poor. That is what they are. I was a real estate guy. I know how  you do that. You make a great balance sheet on the value of the real  estate, but all of a sudden, if you lose the value of the real estate  and you don't have anything to offset the liability that you created to  buy the real estate, you get in trouble. We have a lot of that in  Georgia, a lot of it in Alabama, a lot of it in California because of  the fire, and a lot of other places.   We need to get it straight, and the best thing we can do is to get  these farmers in a position where they know this year, if they get  their money in time to plant, they can make the money they need to pay  the bank back rather than tell the government to give them a check for  a disaster.   So we are not only talking about helping the farmer. We are talking  about helping us. Every time we get the farmer back on his or her feet  in order to go back into production, planting, and doing their job,  then, they will produce income for that, and they will pay these loans  off. Yes, they are not going to be as rich as they were before, but  they will not be out of business. Some of these farms are 200 years or  more in the family--post-Civil War farms. There are lots of people in  our State who are just dying because of what happened.   Our cotton crop was killed. It was probably the best. We think it was  going to be the best crop we ever had because the week before the storm  started hitting, we did some picking, but then the storms came through,  and in 1 day, one hurricane wiped out the cotton in Georgia.   It took out about 70 percent of the pecan trees in Georgia. It took  out our blueberries--yes, blueberries. Everybody says Michigan produces  the most blueberries, or Maine does. No, they don't. Georgia does.  Agriculture is an entrepreneurial business in our State, but it takes  the ability to raise the money to plant it, produce it, sell it, take  the crop to market, and reinvest it. We are not talking about people  getting rich. We are talking about people taking the risk of doing  business like you have always done business.   So I am going to talk about this amendment for just a second. It is  so important. There is some misinformation out there. Leader Schumer  obliquely referred to a whole lot of misinformation. I am going to  correct one of them that he said in just a minute.   It is important to know what we are doing tomorrow. We are going to  tell Renee Moss, Greg Mims, and Casey Cox--these families right here-- that help is on the way for their cotton, their pecans, their peanuts,  and their farms. It is help not to give them a handout but to give them  a hand up and tell their bankers that we are going to stick with them  so they can work overtime to make the money back to pay the bank back  and also pay us back. That is what we ought to do, and that is what we  should do, but if we don't do it before the month is over, we are dead.   As many of you know in here, the SNAP money ends this month. The SNAP  money fix is in this. You are not going to have student nutrition  programs if you don't get it added into the legislation and get it  passed. They run out, technically, on March 31, and we have 14 days  until that is passed, which will be April 14, to finally restore it. We  have to restore it as fast as we can. We have to get it done. This bill  does that.   Let me tell you what the bill does. You heard about Puerto Rico. I  love Puerto Rico. When I was in the Air Force, we did field trainings  at Ramey Air Force Base. I was a load master. We did runs down there to  the east coast all the time. I love the people down there. I love the  food down there. I love the beaches down here and the great folks. They  have already gotten a number of millions of dollars that they talked  about in a speech today. They want $600 million that were now approved  in this bill. Now, $600 million is a lot of money.   They already got $40 billion and haven't spent all of that. We need  to make sure everybody gets their fair share for the disasters that  took place and does not take the disaster money and use it as a payoff  somewhere down the line.   Puerto Rico should be helped, but the rest of the country shouldn't  be held hostage because of Puerto Rico. We have Florida, Alabama, North  Carolina, and South Carolina with hurricane damage, California with the  wildfires, Alaska with the earthquake, Hawaii with the volcanoes, and  also include $600 million for Puerto Rico. There is no money for CDBG,  like some of them wanted, but the rest of the money for the SNAP  program. That is what their votes are going to be about.   The Democrats are going to say, just as Mr. Schumer did--he was for  this a while back. I don't know what happened. I guess he got upset  about something; I don't know what it is. This says we are going to  take care of people who had disasters that they didn't want and lost  lots of money they couldn't afford to lose. They are going to go out of  business, which we don't want them to do. It is going to compound their  problems in their States.   I know the Senator from Arkansas, the Presiding Officer, knows  exactly what I am talking about. Rice is the main product in Arkansas,  as well as other agricultural products. It is key to their economy. So  we have to get them safe while we can.   It is about those crops. It is about their insurance. It is also  about their economy. I wanted to bring this up. It is about global  warming. It is about climate change. It is about a lot of things we  don't ever brag about around this place. I am going to brag about it  simply because people think these things are about one simple subject.   This is a report out of the Appropriations subcommittee that does a  number of things to fix things that are broken, things that people  around here talk a lot about wanting to do, things like $20 million for  the CDC to continue its research on epidemics, which saved us with  Ebola when it hit us a couple of years ago, and it will save us again  with measles. We are on the cusp of an outbreak of measles--an outbreak  like we have never seen before. It is not there yet, and I don't want  somebody to run out and say: He said it is there. But it is coming if  we don't react to it or respond to it. It is critical that we do and  see to it that we do it as fast as possible.   It is about $600 million for Puerto Rico.   It is about emergency forest restoration programs where our forests  have been destroyed by storms.   It is about nutrition assistance for the Commonwealth of the Northern  Mariana Islands, a province of the United States of America where  people are starving right now and going into malnutrition.   It is about American Samoa, Puerto Rico, and market facilitation  programs for AGI waivers.   It is about the economic development assistance programs that are not  working right now because they are not funded, and if we don't get them  funded, they are not going to work for the betterment of our economy.   It is about $200 million to repair the damage caused by Hurricane  Florence to Marine Corps installations at Marine Corps Base Camp  Lejeune. I think you and I agree that the Marine Corps is very  important. You might say, what emergency do they have? They were wiped  out by the storm. If we don't rebuild these things as quickly as  possible, we will have our marines without a place to bivouac, a place  to sleep or a place to eat. We don't want that to happen.   That is what this is about. It is not about giving out perk money; it  is about absolute essentials to the defense of our country, the food of  our country, et cetera.   So I want to appeal to Senator Schumer. I listened to his remarks.  Now, unfortunately, the Senator from Vermont has come. He didn't know I  [[Page S2111]]  was talking, I guess. I will talk about him a little bit too. Mr. Leahy  is a fine gentleman and a great friend of mine, but he has kind of let  me down on this one. I want to talk about that. I am hoping maybe I can  change his mind and maybe yours as well, Mr. President. We don't have a  second chance at this. We had two chances that didn't make it. We  voluntarily got off the other bills because we didn't have enough money  to get on them, so we had to get something else passed. One of them was  restoring the cuts before the shutdown--which, by the way, we got off  of the shutdown vote to allow this to pass so we could cut out one of  the arguments. I wanted to throw that in as well.   I see he is leaving already. He didn't want to hear what I had to  say. He told me--and I will try to phrase this correctly--he told me: I  have always voted for emergency money.   I have always voted for emergency money, too, for Yankees, for  southerners, westerners, and northerners, because when we have an  emergency in this country, it is America's emergency; it is not just an  emergency for one region.   We don't want to bleed ourselves to death or wastefully spend this  money, but by golly, if we become a country where we cannot depend on  ourselves to help ourselves when times are tough--I don't know.   Senator Romney and I talked before this a little bit ago about how we  really ought to have a sinking fund and create a funding source that  over time can accumulate money as a hedge against future disasters. We  know we are going to have them; we always do. We know they are going to  come; they always do. At least have more money in the bank to be  prepared for them so we don't get into political battles like we are in  now where we have tangential issues that we are debating all because of  the amendment, et cetera.   So with the senior Senator from Vermont on the floor, I am going to  cut some of my remarks short so he will have plenty of time to say  whatever he has to say, but I want him to hear what I have to say.   This is about Puerto Rico. They are getting $600 million, and they  have already gotten some money. They aren't going to get everything  they want, but they are getting everything they should get out of this  particular bill, including SNAP.   The farmers in the South are going to get a chance to replant, a  chance to borrow, and a chance to make the money to pay back over time.  Otherwise, it is going to be on our backs anyway, so if we don't help  them, we are going to be stuck. It is about doing the right thing at  the right time for the right people. The right thing is to restore the  commonsense bills we have passed that will allow them to farm or  whatever it is they do. That is No. 1.   No. 2, we need to do it without arguing about regions or people or  what they do. We ought to do it as American citizens supporting other  American citizens and what they do for their livelihood, and they pay  their taxes because of that.   Lastly, there are times when we have great debates over things that  are political in nature or funny in nature. I am serious as a heart  attack about this. I told Mitch McConnell, who was mentioned by Senator  Schumer a minute ago, I told Mitch--I said: I can't go home this  weekend and tell them the same thing I told them the last four  weekends. I have to tell them we got the job done for them, or we are  going to fail them.   I don't want to fail them. I want to vote for the amendment tomorrow  that Senator Shelby offered. If it loses, I am going to vote for the  one the Democrats will offer, which will give us a chance to get  something back in the conference committee. If both of those lose, we  may as well go home. We will wake up one day in the next few months and  say: What did we do? Why did we do that? We lost our perspective.   It is not just about Georgia; it is about America. It is not just  about farming; it is about a lot of things. It is time for us to do  what is right, what we should have done on the two bills before--that  we approved. Let's make it happen the way we have always done, and  let's do the right thing at the right time for the right people, for  the citizens of the United States for America.   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object and I will yield to the  Senator from Alabama.   I want everybody to listen closely. Senator, please listen to me  closely. You are a great friend. I love you to death. But do you know  what you just did? When you read off the States that deserved money and  ought to get it, and you read them one by one, you left out one-- Georgia. That is why I am down here.    I am not saying it to be ugly. Facts are facts, and I am  scared that a Freudian slip--which I am sure that probably was or  something like that--might be something that causes us to get lost  again. No. 1, I want to point out that in your own remarks, from your  own memory or from your own notes, that is exactly what was said.    Absolutely.    I don't want to cut anybody out, but I want to make that  point.   I yield to Senator Shelby.    Mr. President, 4 years ago, about this time of the night  on a Monday, I made a speech about Woody Woodside. Four years later, I  make another speech about Woody Woodside.   Four years ago, I acknowledged his 30 years of service to the people  of Brunswick, GA, Glynn County, the Chamber of Commerce, and two  Members of Congress for whom he worked over the years. Tonight, I  praise him for 34 years of service and for the fact that he is going to  retire later this year.   It is time for me to say that Woody Woodside is one of the most  unique individuals who all of us know in our State. He is someone who  is always there when there is a problem to be worked on. He is always  there with a positive attitude. He is somebody who always thinks of a  way to fix a problem. He is somebody who doesn't call to complain but  calls to be a help.   Woody is a great man. He is a great friend. I have known him and his  beautiful wife, Ellen, for a long time. They have a beautiful family.  Their daughter, Mary Gould, is a wonderful lady. They lost their young  son, Jay, a few years ago when he passed away. He was one of the finest  kids I ever met. He worked here in Washington a couple of times. Once,  he worked a short time for me. He had the spirit that his father has  and his mother has--the spirit of can-do, the spirit of loving his  community, the spirit of being a good human being.    Woody is interesting, and he is unique. He went to the Citadel and  served in the U.S. Army and Georgia Army National Guard. Woody did a  lot of work in Congress. He worked for 11 years for ``Bo'' Ginn, a  Congressman from Georgia, who later ran for the Governor of Georgia.  For 3 years, he also worked for Lindsay Thomas, another former  Congressman. So he had 14 years of work in the Congress of the United  States before he went home to Brunswick and Golden Isles.   The Brunswick Golden Isles is a very unique place. You have the Sea  Island Company that developed Sea Island, which is one of the finest  four-star resorts anywhere. You have fishing, which is an industry that  serves our State so well. We only have 123 miles of shoreline, but we  have lots of fish, we have lots of crabs, and we have lots of shrimp.  It is a great industry for our State and a great, prosperous industry  for that part of our State. The Golden Isles is a very unique place,  for it is the estuary of the Atlantic Ocean. It is where the food chain  starts. If there were no Brunswick and if there were no marshes or  glens, there would be no food chain; there would be no fish or  wildlife.   This is a pristine area that we have worked for years to preserve and  maintain by passing wetlands bills, by passing clean water bills, by  doing all of the things you need to do to make sure you are doing  everything you can to keep the water clean and to keep that industry  viable. Woody was not just a chamber leader because he had to do it,  but as a citizen, he wanted to do it. Woody is a leader and has been a  leader for clean water and for the coastline to be clean and for the  industries that depend on the ocean and the sea and for that part of  our State.   We have a lot of chamber presidents in our State. We have 159  counties, so I imagine we have 159 chamber presidents. That is a lot.  We have no one who is more active or more involved in his State  activities or his local activities than Woody Woodside. Of our State  chamber of commerce, he has been an officer and adviser for years. He  has been on more economic development councils than have most  Governors. He is outspoken, not to a fault but to a critical need when  we need him to say what he needs to say for all of the right reasons.  For years, he has been selected as one of the most outstanding  Georgians by Georgia Trend magazine.   All in all, he is the whole package. He is outstanding; he is smart;  he is likable; he loves government and what government can do as a  partner with the private sector. I love him as a friend. So, in knowing  that Woody is going to retire this year, I take this time to say:  Woody, you have been special for lots of reasons.   I do lots of these at the requests of chambers of commerce for people  I know, in some cases, but for whom, most of the time, I don't know.  They are hard to do. It is hard to find something that is the right  thing to say about somebody you don't know. I know Woody Woodside. I  know his heart and I know his record and I know what he has done.   Woody, you have been everything a person could ask for. You and your  wife are everything we could ask for as leaders. You are a wonderful  human being, a great American, and a great Georgian.   May God bless you and your family in your retirement. Thank you for  your service to our State for many, many years.   I yield the floor.   