 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding.   I share the chairman's passion for FFA and in the leadership that  emerges from that experience for our youth. And I know that, being  someone who represents a very rural district, we think of the FFA as a  rural enterprise; but, Mr. Speaker, the largest FFA chapter we have in  Pennsylvania--and we have a lot--it is a robust program in the city of  Philadelphia. This is a program that has tremendous impact in rural  America and has tremendous ability to impact in urban America today.   So I rise in support of H.R. 439, the National FFA Organization's  Federal Charter Amendments Act. I am honored to work with my good  friend, Mr. Langevin, on this piece of legislation.   This bipartisan bill makes updates to allow the national FFA to be a  self-governing organization, while maintaining its long-held  relationship with the U.S. Department of Education.   FFA, formally called the Future Farmers of America, was organized in  [[Page H967]]  1928. Congress recognized the importance of FFA as an integral part of  vocational agriculture, and in 1950 granted it a Federal charter.   This charter provides Federal authority to create an interagency  working agreement that is focused on strengthening FFA and school-based  agriculture education.   However, the role of education in securing a skilled, sustainable  workforce in agriculture is underscored through the required  involvement of the U.S. Department of Education on the National FFA  board of directors.   It is important to note that only about 100 organizations have  charters with Federal agencies. Only six organizations require the  respective government agencies to select one member for their board of  directors. FFA is the only organization that requires a majority of its  board of directors be chosen by its partner government agency.   Mr. Speaker, while we can all appreciate the integrated relationship  between the Department of Education and the FFA, it must be our  prerogative to determine the best path forward for both this Federal  charter and the students it serves.   FFA functions through a network of local chapters that may be  chartered in any public school with an agricultural education program.   Local chapters are run with student leadership. Students are elected  each year by the chapter's members, with the agriculture teacher  serving as adviser for the chapter.   Local chapters then make up State FFA associations, which operate  within the bounds of the National FFA Organization but have the ability  to create other individual leadership arrangements, competitions,  awards, and programs.   In Pennsylvania alone, our State FFA association includes over 12,900  members, 210 agriculture science teachers, and they have raised  $179,000 to support the future of agriculture education and student  leader growth.   It is important to understand this bill will allow the Secretary of  Education to continue to serve on the National FFA board of directors  but would no longer have the Department of Education's employees  constituting the majority of the board.   Additionally, this bill will also shift the organization's purpose  towards providing comprehensive career and technical education to  strengthen the Nation's agriculture workforce.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation brings FFA, a great cornerstone of  rural America--and, quite frankly, having a tremendous impact, today,  on urban America--into the 21st century.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation.   