 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   In committee, I raised issues of unconstitutional takings in H.R. 3.  Ninety-five percent of gross revenues are taken from a manufacturer  unless they agree to the price the government offers.   It is not negotiation. It is an offer you can't refuse. It is  confiscatory. Accordingly, it is unconstitutional.   But you don't have to believe me. The nonpartisan Congressional  Research Service says H.R. 3 likely violates the Fifth and Eighth  Amendments of the United States Constitution.   Mr. Chair, I took an oath to support the United States Constitution  when I entered this body. To support the Constitution, you must vote  ``no'' on H.R. 3. To fix drug pricing, you should vote ``yes'' on the  Walden amendment in the nature of a substitute.    Madam Speaker, I do appreciate all that the gentleman  has done.   The bill that we are proposing as the Walden amendment in the nature  of the substitute, actually deals with an item that we have talked  about a great deal, and that is pharmacy benefit managers.   I am going to give the gentleman a second to talk about that, but I  do want to mention the item that I have been bringing up a lot in  these, and that is the unconstitutionality of H.R. 3.   The problem is, as you know--and it sounds shocking, but it is true-- if you don't accept the price the government is paying you, they take  95 percent of your gross revenues on that drug. That money they take  from you, that penalty is not tax deductible, doesn't do anything as  far as what expenses you put into it, so you are actually going to lose  money.   Now, as I said in my comments earlier this evening, that is not  negotiation. That is, as the Godfather would have said in the old movie  series, ``an offer you can't refuse.'' I wish I could do the voice; I  can't. But that is a problem.   And you don't have to believe me. In the committee I brought this  up--the committee didn't necessarily believe me--but the Congressional  Research Service has said this bill likely violates the Fifth and the  Eighth Amendments of the Constitution. This is a nonpartisan group that  works for Congress that came out and said, Yeah, there are some real  problems here. When you are being confiscatory, you are not really  negotiating. It is a problem.    Now, in our bill that we have put forward that is bipartisan, we have  some things on a subject both of us are very concerned about, and that  is pharmacy benefit managers. They are a big part of the problem here.  Drug manufacturers we need to work on, but their bill doesn't do  anything on this. Our bill does.   Madam Speaker, if the gentleman would tell the people just how that  sham works.    Madam Speaker, I would ask the gentleman, if this is  not true, as I understand it, the PBMs have gone, in some cases, to the  drug manufacturers, said, Raise your price. We will do rebates. But  those rebates don't help anybody in the donut hole. Those rebates don't  help the citizen who is paying a high deductible.   And what happens is they raise the price. And even with the rebate,  if you are in one of those insurance companies that gets the rebate,  and you don't have to pay as much or pay any more, they increase their  profit margin. And they are making hundreds of millions of dollars that  we have no idea what they are contributing, as the gentleman was just  saying.   Is that true?   