 Mr. President, I am here on the floor this afternoon to  talk about a landmark moment in human history that occurred 50 years  ago next week--the Apollo 11 mission that landed the first person on  the Moon.   Today, 50 years after that incredible feat, we sometimes take for  granted that we explored the Moon. But think for a moment about the  generations of men and women from the beginning of time until July 20,  1969, who looked up at the Moon's pale light in wonder at what secrets  and insights may lay on its surface. Think about the countless  paintings and poems depicting the Moon as an unchanging and unknowable  presence in the sky. Think about how, after hundreds of thousands of  years of such mystery and reverence, we actually went there.   On July 20, 1969, the world watched in breathless awe as grainy  footage came in of the Moon landing. It was beamed in from the lunar  surface 289,000 miles away to millions of TV screens all around the  globe. As a 13-year-old teenager, I saw two figures clad in bulky  spacesuits bounce across the screen against the stark black-and-white  landscape.   As anyone who witnessed it can remember and tell you about, there was  a great sense of pride as Americans--Americans who broke the earthly  bonds that had tethered our ancestors for eons, to set foot on the  surface of a body we only saw in the distant night sky. I also felt  pride as our pristine American flag was unfurled and planted on the  Moon's surface, forever marking our country's trailblazing spirit. I  felt pride in being from Ohio, as my fellow Buckeye, Neil Armstrong,  was the very first man to step onto the Moon, continuing our legacy in  the State of Ohio as a pioneer in flight and in aerospace.   In 2003, actually, Congress officially designated Ohio the  ``Birthplace of Flight'' due to the Wright brothers. They were born and  raised in Dayton, OH, and it was in their bicycle shop that they  dreamed up and researched the first fixed-wing aircraft anywhere. But  for such a lofty title, Ohio has played an even greater role in the  story of mankind's progress in the skies and beyond--even beyond the  Wright brothers. In fact, one of my predecessors in this seat here in  the Senate was John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth. In  all, two dozen astronauts to date are natives of Ohio--more than any  other State--and I am proud to say that many more call it home today.   Our legacy of flight in Ohio continues today. In Dayton, OH, we have  the National Air Force Museum, which houses more than 300 historic  aircraft. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base--one of the largest in the  country--trains not only our pilots in our Air Force, but those of our  allies all around the world.   Just last month, I had the honor of announcing, with Neil Armstrong's  widow, Carol Armstrong, that the Smithsonian will be bringing a special  exhibit on the Apollo 11 mission entitled ``Destination Moon'' to  Cincinnati's own Museum Center.   On that day in 1969, Neil Armstrong became all of our heroes, and it  was at a time when our country was deeply divided over the war in  Vietnam and other social and cultural issues. At a time when we were  yearning for heroes, Neil Armstrong inspired us and brought us together  as a country.   I have one story I would like to share that I thought about while  walking over this afternoon. It is about how Neil Armstrong inspired a  particularly important group of Americans.   In 2011, the year before Neil Armstrong died, he came here to the  U.S. Capitol at my request to join my wife Jane and me at our swearing- in ceremony. I was elected in 2010, and the swearing-in was early in  2011. As we walked into the Capitol, we looked up on the left and saw a  mural, and it is a mural that is still down on the first floor of this  Capitol on the Senate side, and it is of Neil Armstrong on the face of  the Moon. I pointed it out to Neil and his wife Carol--his wonderful  wife Carol who was with us. Neil's comment was, that is interesting.  The 30 or 40 people who were with us walking into the Capitol that  day--they didn't think it was interesting; they thought it was amazing.   I later found out that Neil Armstrong was the only American living to  have a mural painted of him in the U.S. Capitol.   That night at dinner, one of my other friends, Col. Tom Moe, came to  me and asked if he could speak with Neil Armstrong and whether I would  introduce him to Neil. I said: Of course.   Col. Tom Moe is a hero in his own right, an Air Force pilot who was  shot down over North Vietnam. He spent many years in the prison called  the Hanoi Hilton with our former colleague John McCain--a true hero.   When we went over to see Neil Armstrong, Col. Tom Moe shared a story  with him. He said that the prison guards in the North Vietnamese prison  were intent upon telling the prisoners that America was falling apart,  that there were protests on the streets, which was true, that the  country was deeply divided, and that America was going backward. He  said in particular they didn't want the prisoners to know that America  had accomplished what President Jack Kennedy had laid out as an  ambitious vow, which was to go to the Moon by the end of the decade.  They had kept that from them. Then one day, the prison guards somehow  let a letter go to one of the prisoners from his mom, and that letter  included a postage stamp, of course. Guess what was on the postage  stamp. A photograph of Neil Armstrong stepping onto the Moon.   Colonel Moe told Neil Armstrong that it was incredibly inspiring. It  lifted the spirits of all the prisoners. Immediately they went to the  pipes and they tapped out what had happened, which was the way they  communicated with one another in the Hanoi Hilton. Through the pipes  and the tapping, he  [[Page S4802]]  said you could just feel the momentum building and the morale improve.   Neil Armstrong was not a very emotional guy, but when he heard that  story, he became very emotional, as did Colonel Moe.   That is just one more example of where Neil Armstrong inspired all of  us--in this case, a group of Americans who richly deserved and badly  needed that inspiration.   Over the years, my family and I have come to know the Armstrong  family. Carol Armstrong is still in Cincinnati, a dear friend. We were  his neighbors in Cincinnati.   As we have shared stories in the lead-in to the 50th anniversary of  the Moon landing, I have been reminded of how extraordinary it was that  this towering figure had truly been such a modest, unassuming man  despite all the notoriety.   In my view, how he handled the spotlight into which he was thrust  said as much about Neil Armstrong as the time he spent on the Moon a  half century ago. He was a true hero, but even before he blazed trails  through the cosmos, Neil was already contributing to Ohio's rich legacy  of pushing the boundaries of flight. He had already served his Nation  with bravery and skill on Gemini 8. As a test pilot pushing the  envelope, he had strapped himself into terrifying-looking contraptions  with gigantic flame-belching engines tied onto huge fuel tanks.   Before he was a test pilot, he distinguished himself through his  service to his country as a naval aviator--among other things, flying  78 combat missions over the Korean Peninsula. In one such mission, in  fact, he was forced to eject from his plane into enemy territory,  holding out long enough, thank God, for the U.S. Marines to locate him  and escort him to safety.   For all of these accomplishments, this son of Ohio received the  highest honors a grateful nation could bestow: the Presidential Medal  of Freedom, the Congressional Gold Medal, and the Congressional Space  Medal of Honor.   God smiled upon Neil Armstrong throughout his extraordinary life.  Neil returned the favor by living his life with honor and dignity.   In 2012, Neil returned to the heavens above, this time venturing into  the Kingdom of Heaven. I had the honor of being among those who  delivered the eulogy at his funeral. Then, as today, I remembered him  as a hero and as a friend. He was a humble Midwesterner and a proud  Ohioan who believed that the honor of serving his country and meeting  great challenges in his own stoic way was all the reward he deserved.  He was a refreshing counterweight to the celebrity culture we too often  embrace today.   The Apollo mission was many things to many people. To the world, it  was mankind's greatest journey to date, a daring sojourn to the crown  jewels in the night sky. For Americans, it was an affirmation of  America's exceptionalism, that we could beat the Soviets and respond to  their Sputnik Program by following through on President Kennedy's bold  vow to land a man on the Moon by the end of the 1960s.   For me, and for thousands of other young boys and girls across Ohio,  it was simply the next act in our State's leadership in aviation, done  with that quintessential Midwestern resolve and humility.   As Neil once so eloquently said, ``The important achievement of  Apollo was demonstrating that humanity is not forever chained to this  planet and our visions go rather further than that, and our  opportunities are unlimited.''   Fifty years on, as we look ahead to chart our next voyage to the  stars, let us always remember the bravery and patriotism and the  humility of Neil, also of his other astronauts--Michael Collins, Buzz  Aldrin--and the thousands of men and women who supported them on Earth,  and the many courageous astronauts who preceded and followed them. Let  the Apollo 11 mission be an example of what our great country can do  when we come together to achieve the seemingly impossible.   Let us commit to come together into the future, into the distant  horizons. Like the Apollo 11 exhibit exhibiting American leadership and  benefiting all of mankind, there is more for us to do.   I yield the floor.   