 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the 2020  National Defense Authorization Act.   As chair of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, I  believe this bill invests in critical priorities for our Nation in a  new era of great power competition.   On seapower, we responsibly scrubbed the portions of the President's  budget request under our jurisdiction and identified savings that allow  us to smartly provide for the ships, aircraft, and capabilities our  Nation needs.   This bill authorizes a $22 billion shipbuilding budget to construct  11 battle force ships, including three Virginia-class submarines, three  Arleigh Burke destroyers, one frigate, one LPD amphibious ship, one T- AO oiler, and two salvage and rescue ships.   Also, this bill will statutorily reverse the administration's  baffling decision to cancel refueling the carrier USS Harry S. Truman,  which would have squandered $538 million of sunk costs already paid for  by the American taxpayers.   Additionally, on sealift, we translated the urgent testimony from  leaders at MARAD into real action by legislating a long-term  reauthorization of the Maritime Security Program, creating a new tanker  security program to secure our military's fuel supply, and establishing  a new-build domestic sealift vessel program.   This bill also provides strong support for our projection forces,  including the KC-46 tanker, the B-21 long-range bomber, and the B-52  re-engining program.   Outside of seapower, the full committee worked hard to improve  quality of life for servicemembers and their families. I am pleased  that my amendment at committee is included in this bill, which reverses  last year's callous DOD order blocking longer term servicemembers'  ability to transfer their GI Bill benefits to eligible dependents.   This mark would not have been possible without the work of my friend  and ranking member,  Rob Wittman; our subcommittee staff, Phil  MacNaughton, Dave Sienicki, and Megan Handal; and all our subcommittee  members, particularly our new members, and their contributions to this  year's bill.   Overall, I am confident that the bill we will vote on later this  week, which had significant bipartisan input, will meet the pressing  needs of the sea services and protection forces and provide a historic  boost of quality of life that our All-Volunteer Force deserves. I  strongly encourage my colleagues to support this legislation when it  comes to a vote Friday.   