 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of amendment No. 267 and in  support of H.R. 3055, legislation that includes robust funding for the  Department of Transportation.   Simply put, H.R. 3055 will bolster our infrastructure and increase  the safety and security for citizens across the country, and I am proud  to support it. But, Mr. Chair, when we use billions of dollars in  taxpayer money to invest in our infrastructure, our constituents are  relying on us to do so in a manner that is fair, transparent, and  ethical.   That is why I am introducing, today, amendment No. 267, which would  prohibit any funding in the appropriations bill from being used in  violation of section 2635.702 of title 5, which is the law mandating  that no public office be used for private gain.   In light of recent reporting alleging potential misconduct by the  Secretary of the Department of Transportation, it is imperative that we  remind Federal officials that public money cannot be used for private  purposes. Government officials across agencies should not make policy  decisions with the intent of benefiting family businesses. They should  never use their position in an official capacity to promote their own  personal financial interests, and when tasked with any decision where  there are potential conflicts of interest, they must recuse themselves.   Government officials should make decisions only for the public good,  not private gain. Favoritism corrodes trust in government and in the  vital institutions that have kept our democracy strong for over 200  years. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Price).    Mr. Chair, I have no further speakers, and I urge  my colleagues to support this amendment because we must operate in the  public interest, not for private gain, as Federal employees and people  in trust in the Federal Government.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   