 Mr. President, last night the House of Representatives  passed a funding bill that would provide $4.5 billion in emergency  funding to Departments and Agencies working to manage the humanitarian  crisis on the southern border. I would note it has been 2 months--2  months since President Trump requested that emergency appropriations  bill. In the meantime, there have been many who have talked about the  overwhelmed capacity at the border and the unhygienic conditions in  which some of the migrants were being held, but frankly they seem to  ignore the cause of that problem, pointing mainly to the symptoms-- actually, symptoms of their own inaction.   If we had simply acted more promptly, I think many of the problems we  have seen along the border, where families and unaccompanied children  are being detained and processed according to U.S. law--we could have  avoided that. But, instead, the politics seemed to overcome good sense  here in Washington once again, and rather than appropriate the money,  as the President requested 2 months ago, to provide the resources they  need in order to deal with this crisis, it just got worse and worse.   Of course these terrible pictures of people that we have seen, which  are really hard to look at, showed the hardships being borne by some of  these migrants. Indeed, some have lost their lives. People seem to have  forgotten why people make the dangerous trip across Central America,  across Mexico, and into the United States, and that is simply because  they are taking advantage of congressional inaction when it comes to  fixing loopholes in our asylum laws, which, if corrected, would provide  an opportunity for people to claim asylum in a safer, more orderly way.  It would also make sure they would not have to die in the process of  making that terrible trip from Central America, across Mexico, and into  the United States.   The House bill number matches our bill here in the Senate, but the  contents of the bills are quite different. The Speaker of the House has  been working furiously this week to get Members on board, taking the  bill further and further to the left with each revision.   House Democrats have now rammed through a bill that withholds  desperately needed funds from detention centers that are nearly  bursting at the seams and creates overly burdensome and prohibitive  regulations.   The House bill excludes funding for the Department of Defense as  requested by the President, underfunds the Immigration and Customs  Enforcement Agency, and doesn't provide funding for new immigration  judge teams to address the significant court backlog.   Just as an example of how far the bill goes, there is a section that  requires a specific type of exercise for unaccompanied children in  custody. That is the kind of micromanaging that the House of  Representatives has included in their bill. It is inadequate by any  measure. It ignores the most pressing funding needs and instead opts  for federally mandated exercise. You literally can't make this stuff  up.   This isn't an effort to solve the problem or the result of  conversations that folks are having with the Agencies that are  crumbling under the weight of this humanitarian crisis. It is simply a  partisan messaging document worth no more than the paper that it is  written on.   I would add that it stands in stark contrast to the bipartisan bill  we are considering here in the Senate. It enjoys broad support. Indeed,  it came out of the Senate Appropriations Committee 30 to 1. It  represents a compromise and a good-faith effort to bring relief to  those working to manage the crisis. Even the Speaker herself described  the bill to her caucus as a good bill. So the House has wasted valuable  time passing a bill that stands no chance of passing in the Senate and  the President has already made clear that he would veto it if it did.   I hope we will be able to move quickly to pass the bipartisan Senate  bill. I urge our House Members to come to the negotiating table with  reasonable goals in mind.   Mr. President, I might add in closing some remarks about the Defense  authorization bill, which we will be voting on today or tomorrow.   This is one of the most important functions that Congress has to  support our men and women in uniform. If you look at the list of  Federal priorities, certainly national security and defense ought to be  at the very top. That is why, for the last 58 years running, Congress  has passed a Defense authorization bill.   Yet our colleague from New Mexico has now introduced an extraneous  matter that involves a recent aggressive contact by Iran and is  insisting on a vote on that. Actually, they want to delay the vote  until Friday when the Presidential candidates who are running and  debating in Miami tonight and tomorrow night can get back to vote. I  see no reason for us to delay the vote on the Defense authorization  bill for those folks who have chosen instead not to do their job here  but rather to run for President.  [[Page S4531]]    We have an important job to do here. I see no reason for the delay.  The majority leader has made it clear that he is happy to give the  Senator from New Mexico a vote on this authorization for use of  military force, that, frankly, I don't believe is necessary, but  nevertheless, the majority leader has generously offered a vote on  that. We ought to be voting on that today or tomorrow and not  unnecessarily delay our work until Friday just to accommodate the  Presidential candidates.   I would say that the Senator from New Mexico's amendment would  attempt to put handcuffs on this President unlike any previous  President, and, indeed, I believe it is probably unconstitutional. It  would impair our ability to respond to further attacks by Tehran and in  a way that would make them think that we were weak or irresolute in  responding to their aggression. The most important thing we can do is  to make clear to the Iranian regime that their aggression will not be  unilateral but that we will meet it with proportional and devastating  response.   No one wants to go to war in Iran, including the President of the  United States. I don't believe Iran actually wants to go to war, but  they are continuing their 30-year conflict with the United States,  which has cost American lives and American treasury and now threatens  to block the Strait of Hormuz, which would cause a huge disruption to  the world economy.   I hope we can vote on the National Defense Authorization Act. I am  happy to vote on the amendment of the Senator from New Mexico. I do not  believe it will pass, and I do believe it is unconstitutional if it  did. But in order to get our work done, we need to continue to vote and  vote on the Defense authorization bill and the border supplemental  without further delay.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining  votes in the series be 10 minutes in length.   