 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend,  Mrs. Lesko, for her participation in the Election Subcommittee hearing  in Phoenix.   Also, Madam Speaker, I want to thank you personally for your hard  work in making sure that every person throughout this great Nation gets  that opportunity to vote and for your work in furthering civil  discussion and civil rights in your career.   Madam Speaker, I do rise in opposition to the rule for H.R. 4 today.   The Voting Rights Act is currently in place. The bill that we will be  debating tomorrow is not a reauthorization of this important and  historically bipartisan legislation that has prevented discrimination  at the ballot box.   It has only been since the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Shelby  County v. Holder that Democrats have decided to politicize the Voting  Rights Act. This landmark decision left the vast majority of the Voting  Rights Act in place.   What it struck down was 40-year-old data and the formula used to  determine which States were to be placed under the control of the  Department of Justice, known as preclearance. The Supreme Court deemed  this data and formula was no longer accurate nor relevant for our  country's current climate.   The 2013 opinion held that regardless of how to look at the record,  no one can fairly say that it shows anything approaching the pervasive,  flagrant, widespread, and rampant discrimination that faced Congress in  1965, and that clearly distinguished the covered jurisdictions from the  rest of the Nation.   So what does H.R. 4 do?   It doubles down and would attempt to put every State and jurisdiction  under preclearance. This is a bill to federalize elections, regardless  of what my colleagues have said in this institution today. During last  night's Rules Committee meeting, it became clear that the majority was  unable to determine the number of States or jurisdictions that would be  covered by this preclearance if H.R. 4 were to become law tomorrow.  Apparently, we have to pass this bill before the American people can  even find out if they would be subjected to it.   This is a proposition that the majority knows is bad policy, and it  is a nonstarter for myself, my colleagues in this Chamber, and those in  the other body across this Capitol, the Supreme Court, too, but perhaps  most importantly, the thousands of local election  [[Page H9269]]  officials across the country who would be crippled if this bill were to  ever become law.   H.R. 4, the Voting Rights Advancement Act, is not a Voting Rights Act  reauthorization bill. This is only about preclearance and the  Democratic majority giving the Department of Justice control over all  election activity.   While it is not in my committee's jurisdiction in the House  Administration Committee, our Subcommittee on Elections majority held  seven field hearings and one listening session across the U.S.,  encompassing eight different States and over 13,000 miles of air  travel. Even with this gargantuan effort, the Democrats were still  unable to produce a single voter who wanted to vote and was unable to  cast a ballot.   This is a great thing. We ought to celebrate it. Credit should be  given to the Voting Rights Act for helping to achieve this. The 2018  midterm election produced the highest voting turnout in four decades  according to data from the Census Bureau, especially among minority  voters. That, again, should be celebrated.   Sections 2 and 3 of the Voting Rights Act that are currently in  effect are continuing to safeguard the public from discrimination at  the ballot box. Every eligible American who wants to vote in our  country's elections should be able to cast a ballot. That is why we  have the Voting Rights Act, a great example of a bipartisan solution  that is working to help Americans today and protecting Americans from  discrimination.   Unfortunately, H.R. 4 is just a political attempt from the Democrats  to give the Federal Government more control over how States run their  elections. I have now seen four voting bills from the majority come to  this floor. All of them have one common theme, and that is  to federalize elections.    I urge my colleagues to vote against this rule.   