 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I want to recognize, first, the hard work of Chairwoman  Lofgren. Your hard work and your leadership on this important issue and  the underlying bill. It is clear that our foreign adversaries have and  will continue to interfere and influence our elections and attempt to  erode confidence in our government and destroy our democratic system.   The Mueller report made clear that the Russian Government interfered  in the 2016 Presidential election in a sweeping and systematic fashion.  And Mr. Mueller testified earlier this year that many more countries  have developed misinformation campaigns since 2016 targeted at the  United States, our democracy, and our system of elections.   Facebook on Monday disclosed that it had taken down four new foreign  interference operations originating from Iran and Russia. Soliciting or  accepting foreign interference doesn't just violate our democratic  norms; it clearly violates our laws.   Yet, in June, President Trump said there would be nothing wrong with  accepting from a foreign government incriminating information about an  opponent and saw no reason--the President saw no reason--to call the  FBI if it were to happen.   He went one step further and said it was wrong for FBI Director Chris  Wray to say that public officials or campaigns should contact the FBI  if they  [[Page H8432]]  are contacted by other nations seeking to influence or interfere with  our elections.   The President's remarks mirrored one given by his son-in-law, Jared  Kushner, who also said he was not sure he would call the FBI if a  foreign government offered damaging information about a political foe.   That is why it is critical that we pass this legislation, to protect  the integrity of our elections.   The underlying bill requires public officials, candidates, and  campaigns to report to the FBI when foreign governments and their  agents contact them and holds them responsible when they fail to  report.   Madam Chair, my amendment strengthens this legislation by requiring  the FBI to confirm receipt of any notification of possible foreign  interference operations.   Additionally, the FBI must also notify both the House and Senate  Intelligence Committees guaranteeing that Congress, as a coequal branch  of government, is made aware when foreign agents and hostile nations  are attempting to undermine our democracy.   Finally, my amendment would require the FBI to submit an annual  report to Congress related to all the notifications it has received and  the corresponding actions the Bureau has taken in response.   The FBI cannot be passive to these threats to our national security  but must take decisive action to respond to election interference.   Madam Chair, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this  amendment and this underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   