 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here with my colleague Senator Van  Hollen. The two of us are going to make a unanimous consent request to  reopen the government.   I know the distinguished majority leader is here. We are on day 25 of  this tragic, outrageous, needless, and dangerous partial shutdown.  Senator Van Hollen and I have met with government workers, and we heard  their account. They can't pay their bills. Mortgages are going without  payment. I heard yesterday from a Federal worker who can't pay their  children's extra activities at school for dance lessons. They can't  help their relatives deal with their problems. They are postponing  needed health treatment issues.   I read last week on the floor of this body a letter from Kristen  Jones and Brad Starkey, air traffic controllers who explained how they  can't take care of their family needs. So 800,000 people are furloughed  without pay or working without pay--30 percent are veterans. Small  businesses are shuttering their operations because they depend upon  government workers for their business. From cleaners to restaurants,  they are finding they don't have the business they used to have.   Kevin Hassett, Chairman of the White House Council of Economic  Advisers, indicates the economic impact is $1.2 billion a week on our  economy.   We heard that small businesses have to lay off employees because they  are not getting their Federal partnerships. I used the example of the  Senior Services of America. They laid off 176 employees because the  USDA and Forest Service can't honor their contracts. People can't close  on their home mortgages because they don't have pay stubs to show their  income. The FHA can't certify loans with HUD being shuttered. Core  missions are being compromised.   I talked to air traffic controllers yesterday--people in air safety.  They don't have their full complement. They are professionals. We have  the most professional government workforce in the world, and they are  dedicated professionals who do their job, but we are asking them to do  it with half the number of employees and without getting a paycheck.  That is outrageous.   This shutdown has to end. The President wants it. We are an  independent body. We are a coequal branch of government. We could open  up the government. Yes, we can negotiate border security, but we have  to have the government open. You can't negotiate under circumstances  where the President is holding the country hostage, and he undermines  his own negotiators. It cries out for Congress to take the lead.   I agree with Senator Graham when he says we should open the  government and then let us negotiate using the regular process of  Congress to debate the issues of border security, including immigration  issues. We are a coequal branch of government. Two bills are on our  desk. Both have passed the House of Representatives.   I am going to make a unanimous consent request with regard to H.R.  21, and my colleague Senator Van Hollen will deal with the rest of the  government. H.R. 21 has six appropriations bills that are not related  to the issue of border security. They have already been acted upon by  this body. They are not part of this dispute. It is Financial Services  and General Government. It is Agriculture. It is Interior and  Environment. It is Transportation and HUD. It is State and Foreign  Operations. It is Commerce, Justice, and Science. They passed this body  either by a 92-to-6 vote for the Appropriations Committee or unanimous  or near unanimous by our Appropriations Committee under Republican  leadership in a bipartisan manner. We need to reopen the government.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 5, H.R. 21,  making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019; I  further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I say in response to the distinguished  majority leader, I just don't understand why the Senate is missing in  action. We are a coequal branch of government. Let us speak about  opening the government. There are Members on both sides who understand  that we can debate border security, and we can reach agreements, but  you can't do that with a partial government shutdown.   This is President Trump's shutdown, and now with the majority  leader's objections, the Republicans in the Senate are assisting this  shutdown.    Briefly, in response to the majority leader, the first  priority should be reopen government. That needs to be our very first  priority of business.   In regard to the legislation the leader is referring to, let me point  out that those bills could have been passed in  [[Page S192]]  the last Congress where Republicans controlled both the House and the  Senate. The majority leader made a decision on floor time that it was  not a priority to be considered in the 115th Congress.    Let me also say, in regard to Israel, it will benefit from the  foreign ops appropriations bill to be passed, which is part of my  unanimous consent request of an additional $200 million, but that is  being held up because of this shutdown that has been caused by the  President and has now been assisted by the Republicans in the Senate.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   