 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule and  the underlying resolution to impeach President Trump.   When the Framers granted the House the power to impeach, they feared  that it would be abused.   Today, those fears are realized.   In record speed, this majority has assembled hearsay, speculation,  and presumptions for the purpose of overturning the 2016 election.  [[Page H12121]]    We are not here today, days before Christmas, because the majority  has assembled a case against President Trump. No. We are here today  because the Democrat majority believes getting impeachment done now  will provide their vulnerable Members time to distance themselves from  their vote.   But I assure you, Madam Speaker, the American people are watching.   Many of my colleagues have, from day one, rejected the people's  choice of President Trump, but another President will come along more  to the majority's liking. Our actions here today will be remembered and  will set the standard.   The second Article of Impeachment seeks to remove President Trump for  failure to produce certain requested witnesses and documents, but as  the majority knows, every President in history has asserted executive  privilege.   The House has a legal avenue to challenge the President: the courts.  But the majority has skipped this step, showing that this is about  impeachment as fast as possible, however possible.   Most of my friends on the other side of the aisle had no problem  backing President Obama when he stonewalled the House for years to  block our quest to find out the truth in the Fast and Furious  investigation. That is why I filed an amendment to the resolution,  rejected by the Rules Committee, saying, based upon the Democratic  majority standard, they should have written Articles of Impeachment  against President Obama and Eric Holder.   I wish my colleagues would think about the standard being set. I  predict that they will very soon regret it.    Madam Speaker, in 3 months, we have gone from receiving an  unsubstantiated, hearsay, and discredited whistleblower complaint to  the production of Articles of Impeachment against a President of the  United States. Not since Andrew Johnson has the House engaged in such a  partisan political stunt.   From the beginning, this has been a sham, and this House has been  nothing but a star chamber. The Democratic majority literally locked  themselves in the basement of this building, hiding from the American  people. When my colleagues and I refused to stand for it, Democrats  moved to public hearings but denied us questions, denied us witnesses,  and denied the President any meaningful opportunity to defend himself.   With this complete abuse of process, the Democratic majority has  produced the flimsiest and most legally unsound Articles of Impeachment  in the history of this Nation. Never before has the House reported an  Article of Impeachment that does not allege an underlying crime, yet  this majority will do so today.   Read the transcripts. There was no quid pro quo, no bribery, no  extortion, no crime, and no abuse of power. They don't even allege a  crime in their Articles of Impeachment. The President raising Ukrainian  corruption is not an impeachable offense.   If the dealings of Hunter Biden were so aboveboard, you would think  the majority would be just fine looking into this matter. Yet, they  haven't moved my resolution asking for an investigation, and our  subpoenas for Hunter Biden have all been denied. Hunter Biden doesn't  get a pass because his dad was Vice President.   I am proud to have fought against this charade every step of the way,  and I will proudly vote ``no'' today.   