 Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Chair, I stand in opposition to the amendment  offered by my dear colleague, Mrs. Torres, that prohibits the President  from removing any items listed in categories 1, 2, and 3 of the U.S.  Munitions List.   One of the first Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee hearings  this year was a review of a large interagency process to modernize the  United States Munitions List to ensure the State Department retained  oversight over only the most critical defense articles with military  end-use.   The decision to transfer certain defense articles and services from  State to Commerce had strong, bipartisan support but got caught up in a  debate that had nothing to do with export control reform.  [[Page H5551]]    The process to move certain defense articles has already begun. In  fact, here are just some of the categories of weapons that have already  moved to Commerce licensing controls: launch vehicles and missiles,  explosives, military aircraft, submersible vessels, tanks, and the list  goes on. Once again, these defense articles have already moved to  Commerce control.   This rule change should be finalized. After years of input from both  sides of the aisle to make the change from State to Commerce, there is  no reason this decision, which started in the last administration,  needs to be delayed any longer.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Chair, it is important to point out that not all  firearms will move to Commerce. The State Department will continue to  retain oversight for certain firearms: fully automatic firearms; modern  artillery; silencers, components, parts, and accessories specially  designed for automatic firearms and shotguns. The list goes on. It is  actually a long list of firearms-related components that will stay on  USML.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the USML and the CCL are for listed exports  of firearms. This jurisdictional transfer does not govern the illicit  transfer of firearms that are often used in violent crimes and human  rights abuses overseas.   The U.S. Government will continue its longstanding end-use  modernizing efforts, including vetting of potential end-users, to help  prevent human rights abuses.   As I stated during my opening remarks, when assessing Commerce's  ability to take over this responsibility, it is hugely important to  recognize everything that Commerce is already now in charge of,  including, as I mentioned earlier, launch vehicles and missiles,  explosives, military aircraft, submersible vessels, tanks, and the list  goes on.   This is not a new function for Commerce. It is a transition that  started years ago during the last administration. This new rule should  be finalized.   What shouldn't be lost in this debate is how effectively Commerce is  handling this responsibility with all the very important parts and  categories that have already moved to their Department.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to oppose this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   