 Madam President, on June 9, the streets of Hong Kong  filled with over 1 million individuals peacefully protesting what they  saw as an unjust law and attack on democracy. It was an incredible  visual of people standing up for democracy and standing up for human  rights.   Here we are 5 months later, and the images are much different. You  would be forgiven if you saw them and thought they were in a war zone.  Hundreds of student protesters barricaded themselves in a Hong Kong  university surrounded by armored riot police, pummeled by rubber  bullets and tear gas, fires raging, destruction, devastation, and smoke  everywhere.   There have been 5 months of protests, rising anger, and tension.  There have been 5 months of police crackdowns on peaceful protests,  spurring further protests and resistance, and U.S.-made, U.S.-exported  police equipment being misused by the Hong Kong police to violate the  human rights of protesters. So far, over 10,000 rounds of tear gas have  been fired into the crowds of protesters.   We believe in free speech, freedom to assemble, freedom to protest,  not state-sponsored oppression and violence. It is time to ban the  export of U.S.-made police equipment to Hong Kong that is being used to  abuse their human rights. That is why I am so pleased to introduce, in  partnership with my colleague from Texas, S. 2710, which prohibits the  export of munitions and crowd-control equipment to the Hong Kong Police  Force.   Since the protests in June, over 1,700 Hong Kong residents have been  injured and over 5,000 have been arrested. Amnesty International  verified incidents involving the dangerous use of U.S.-made pepper  spray, batons used to beat protesters, rubber bullets, and tear gas.  One young woman was clubbed from behind with a police baton and  continued to be beaten even after she was on the ground with her arms  zip-tied behind her.   We have seen tear gas fired into confined spaces, in violation of the  U.N. Basic Principles on the Use of Force and Firearms. We have seen  brutal police tactics that continued even when women and men were held  in captivity or in custody. There has been report after report of  violent assaults taking place inside police stations.   We cannot turn a blind eye. It is time to stand with the people of  Hong Kong who are demanding a democratic future and against the violent  suppression of free speech.   The bill the Senator from Texas and I have introduced lays out a  series of products that we will no longer export to the Hong Kong  Police Force: tear gas, pepper spray, rubber bullets, foam and bean bag  rounds, pepper balls, water cannons, handcuffs, shackles, stun guns,  and tasers.   This bill is backed by many colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I  say a huge thank-you to Senator Markey, Senator Blackburn, Senator  Leahy, Senator Scott, Senator Coons, Senator Wicker, Senator  Blumenthal, Senator Inhofe, Senator Gillibrand, Senator Cardin, Senator  Wyden, Senator Braun, Senator Gardner, and Senator Van Hollen.   I am really proud to stand here in a bipartisan representation  tonight, to stand with my colleagues who have introduced the Hong Kong  Human Rights Democracy Act, and to stand together in a bipartisan  fashion to ban the export of these brutal crowd-control strategies  being misused in Hong Kong by their police to abuse the protesters.   I turn to my colleague from Texas.    Madam President, on behalf of myself and Senator Cornyn,  as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from consideration  of S. 2710 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that  the Merkley amendments, which are at the desk, be considered and agreed  to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and  passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern  Olivia Geveden be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of  the day.   