 Mr. President, I will be voting in support of the  resolutions of disapproval, and let me tell you why. A strategic  relationship with the United States should be coveted, and the  difference between a relationship and a strategic relationship is very  important.   We deal with people all the time that engage in practices that we  don't like, abhor, and are against. Sometimes you have to sit down and  talk with Putin about Syria. Sometimes you have to sit down and talk  with the Chinese, even though they imprison the Uighurs. And there are  even more egregious examples of the people you have to deal with,  because that is part of the world as it is. But when you have a  strategic relationship--and we have had one with Saudi Arabia for  years--it is different.   What brings me here today? I want the people in Saudi Arabia--I have  many friends there. I value my relationships there.    I appreciate all that Saudi Arabia has done in the past to work with  the United States, militarily and otherwise, but I want to be clear to  my friends in Saudi Arabia--and really throughout the world--a  strategic relationship has certain requirements attached to it. You  don't have to run your country like the United States would have you  do. You don't have to mirror the United States in terms of your values,  but you do have to respect the relationship.   There are certain minimum requirements that I think come with a  strategic relationship: No. 1, you cannot kill somebody in the most  brutal fashion in a consulate of another country--which violates every  norm known to the international community--because they wrote a bad  article about you.   You cannot imprison people and torture them in the fashion that has  been going on in Saudi Arabia.   You cannot hold the Prime Minister of another country captive for a  period of time to bend them to your will.   You cannot rendition people that just simply oppose your views.  Terrorism cannot be defined as simple dissent.   The reason I am voting with Senator Paul and others today is to send  a signal to Saudi Arabia that if you act the way you are acting, there  is no space for a strategic relationship. There is no amount of oil you  can produce that will get me and others to give you a pass on chopping  somebody up in a consulate. Did MBS do it? Yes--not because the U.N.  said so but because our intelligence and my common sense lead me to  believe there is no other viable alternative. You can figure this one  out pretty quickly.   What happens next? It cannot be business as usual. Saudi Arabia has  been a partner. They will have to be a partner in the future. Shooting  rockets into Saudi Arabia from Yemen--Iran supporting the Houthi  rebels--bothers me. Defensive armaments, I support, but the war in  Yemen is out of control.  [[Page S4140]]    I am trying to deliver the strongest message I know how to deliver:  Don't take this relationship for granted--and obviously you have.   It is disrespectful to the President of the United States to put him  in this position. It is disrespectful to all the allies in Congress for  you to put us in this position. Clearly, you don't care that much about  this relationship. You care more about the critics and maintaining  power at any and all cost.   Here is the deal: My relationship with Saudi Arabia is forever  changed, and it will not go back to the way it used to be until Saudi  Arabia changes its behavior. The leadership of Saudi Arabia has charted  a course that is unsustainable. I reject. There is no amount of oil  that can be produced to change my view that our values are more  important than oil. We can get oil from other people, but your values  come from within.   There is no amount of threat coming from Iran that is going to  require me to give a pass to this brutal, barbaric behavior. More is  expected of a strategic partner. Saudi Arabia doesn't protect the  United States from Iran. To believe otherwise is recasting conditions  on the ground.   Saudi Arabia has been a partner. I hope they can be in the future,  but Saudi Arabia, through their leadership, made a tremendously bad  decision, and it is just not Mr. Khashoggi. Until you change in Saudi  Arabia, until you embrace the concept that the strategic relationship  with the United States is important, therefore, I must respect it--I am  not telling you how to run your country. I am not saying you have to be  a Jeffersonian democracy. I respect the right of self-determination by  all people, but I will not bless or turn a blind eye to brutality that,  in my view, disqualifies a person or a country from being a strategic  partner.   If this doesn't do it, what would? If we give this a pass, what is  next?   We are going to stand up to the thugs in Iran. We are going to push  back against China's cheating. We are going after al-Qaida, ISIS, and  all the other bad actors on the planet. We are going to work with  people we don't like, but when it comes to a strategic partnership, we  need to put the world on notice: It comes with a minimum price, and  that price is you cannot have a strategic relationship with the United  States and behave in a fashion that shows no respect for human dignity,  no respect for international norms.   You have lost me, and that is too bad. I have been on this floor a  lot standing up for our friends in Saudi Arabia--which has not always  been easy to do--but the days of treating Saudi Arabia the way I used  to treat them are over.   My hope is we can find a way to restart this relationship, but it is  going to require change. That is why I am voting to support these  resolutions.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   