 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for  yielding me a little bit of time. I also thank the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Woodall) for acknowledging the bipartisan quality of this  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in the hope that this body will support the rule.  The rule, in particular, obviously, made at least one, possibly two,  Republican amendments in order.   I just want to reflect for one moment on what my intention was in the  underlying bill.   First of all, this is a fix to a problem that we have had in American  financial services law for a very long time, which is that there is no  specific statute prohibiting insider trading.   Yes, we have prosecuted insider trading for a very long time using  fraud provisions and other provisions of the securities law. As a  result of there being no explicit prohibition on insider trading, much  of the law that has grown up around this is court-made law.   I know I speak for everyone in this Chamber when I say we are here to  make the laws of the land and, hopefully, guard that job jealously.   This is a good fix, but, to me, it was important how it was done. The  Senate is controlled by the Republican Party. The House is controlled  by the Democratic Party.   It was very important to me to get Republican support for this bill,  number one, because I believe that that is the way that we get good,  resilient legislation done and, number two, because it afforded me the  opportunity to work very closely with people like Ranking Member  McHenry and my Republican colleagues on the Financial Services  Committee in a larger effort to build the trust and to build the  relationships that, hopefully, will open the aperture for us doing more  of these bipartisan things.   We do two big things around here: We stand by the values that our  parties represent, but, at the end of the day, we try to come together  to get something done. Honestly, in the years I have been here, we have  done way too much of the former and not enough of the latter.   I really am very pleased with the way this bill has turned out. I  think it has a shot of becoming law if we can get the Senate to move on  it. I am delighted by the bipartisan support it has received.   Mr. Speaker, I would just close by again thanking my Republican  colleagues, Mr. Perlmutter from Colorado, and hope that this body will  support this rule.   