 Madam Speaker, no matter what is said by the  other side today, this is a dark day, and a cloud has fallen on this  House. It has been falling for 10 months, and it is showing itself  today.   What we are seeing is this: If the gentleman, who is a friend of mine  from the Rules Committee, would actually have wanted to talk about  whether these are the same rules as Clinton and Nixon, then we would  have had a much longer period of debate, because he knows and I know it  is not. There are similarities--some better, some not--but they are not  the same. Let's get that out of the way first.   The problem I am having here is the resolution before us today is not  about transparency; it is about control. It is not about fairness; it  is about winning. It isn't about following the facts. This resolution  is about delivering results. You know how I know this? Because the  resolution gives no proper way for how these abilities or transferring  of documents from the Intelligence Committee to the Judiciary Committee  will happen. It doesn't even give a timeframe.   And I have heard a lot of discussion today about maybe we didn't know  how to properly ask last night in Rules Committee. I guarantee you, my  staff and I know how to properly use rule XI 2(e) to ask for  information, and we were told yesterday by one of the committees that  we couldn't have access to that because the Parliamentarian said we  couldn't. That is just false. It needs to stop.   This House is developing and shredding procedures every day. And if  Members on the minority or the majority cannot have the rights that  they are given, then we are in a sad situation.   And, in fact, in the haste to put this together they didn't even  exempt, as was done in Clinton and Nixon, the rule XI 2(e). They didn't  exempt it out. Even in those two impeachments, it was known that maybe  we don't let every Member come see this while this is going on. We  didn't even exempt it during this time. We were so hurried to impeach  this President, we don't really give a darn about the rules.   But here is my biggest concern: As ranking member of the Judiciary  Committee, I have a question. We have been here 200-plus years as a  committee, and our committee has been neutered. Our committee who  handles impeachment--we are the reason in that committee; that is our  jurisdiction--we have been completely sidelined. Our chairman and  others have been sidelined, so I have been sidelined. It is so bad that  they had to have the Rules Committee write the Presidential due process  and give it to us. This is not right.    Madam Speaker, I do not know what happened to  our committee, but we still exist. Due process only kicks in at  Judiciary  [[Page H8689]]  for the President. It does not kick in in the closed-door, secret  hearings of Adam Schiff. This is a travesty.   No one should vote for this. This is a sad day. The curtain is coming  down on this House because the majority has no idea about process and  procedure. They are simply after a President.   