 Mr. Chairman, it is wonderful to be back down  here on the floor again with all of you. I thank Mr. Grijalva for that.  I would have been here earlier had the gentleman not scheduled a  hearing on our committee at the same time as we are supposed to have  all our committee bills here on the floor. But we hit both of those at  any rate.   We have three bills on the floor here today--I'm really sorry I  missed the first one--three bills that are so bad they make the umpire  last night actually look good.   This particular one has one of those problems that still exists. If  the State of New Mexico or New Mexico's leaders want to give away the  $1.17 billion they just got a check from last time from this  development, that is okay with me. Actually, it probably means that  more money is going to come to my State eventually from that pot. But  it is not okay to forget that those people who really understand what  they are talking about, those who live closely in the area, really need  to have their voices heard, specifically.   I have to equate, once again, as has been brought up already, but I  want to reemphasize, the two chapters in closest proximity that really  have an impact on here both voted against this bill. They both sent  resolutions against this bill. Those who actually have seen what it is  like to deal with the Federal Government on that personal basis have  sent resolutions against this bill.   This bill has the potential of disrupting 20,000 Native Americans-- almost all Navajo--who are allottees in this particular area. Even  though some will contend that the Federal Government has said they will  not be a problem, if we look at the history of dealing with the Federal  Government, then, obviously, the concerns that the private sector has  and those citizens who live in this area have for this bill are pretty  obvious. There is historical precedence on when that should take place,  and until there is some kind of verification of that, then we ought to  be very careful in which way we decide to go in this particular order.   Let me also say one other thing here, because this is a frustration I  have with the entire process. As we know, bad procedure creates bad  policy. But the bill that we have just discussed dealt with a park that  has a huge maintenance backlog. Even though changing the mining  procedures around the park will have nothing to do with the water, it  certainly doesn't solve the maintenance backlog. This bill will all  deal with withdrawals from the Bureau of Land Management lands which,  once again, have a huge maintenance backlog. So I am going to say, once  again, to our friends on the other side, if you really want to talk  about parklands in Arizona, BLM lands in New Mexico, and whatever those  lands in Colorado are going to be, all on the same day, and we have  that huge maintenance backlog, then for heaven's sakes, bring that bill  onto the floor. I realize how controversial it may be. There are only  328 cosponsors of the bill. I am sure that probably would be able to go  on suspension.   But until we have actually addressed the maintenance backlog and not  held that up as some kind of sad quid pro quo or sad element of trying  to blackmail for something else or try to attach bad elements to it  that will actually negate the impact of that bill, we are piddling  around here. Bring that bill for the maintenance backlog to the floor.  Let us have a vote. Let us move on to solve real problems instead of  those that we are creating with these three bills that are going to be  before us today.   Are they terrible bills?   Who knows?   Will they result in better quality in other Western States that have  public lands?   Who knows?   Are some of the Native Americans who live in that area very sceptical  of it?   Obviously.   Is there a history of the inability of working these things out?   Obviously.   Should they have worked out the details with the BLM before we  actually introduced land?   Yes, obviously.   But, once again, Mr. Chairman, we have three bills that make that  play on  [[Page H8629]]  first base look really good in comparison.    Mr. Chair, I, too, am actually in support of the  amendment. I think it is an improvement on the bill, but it doesn't go  far enough because it is still only amending the findings.   If you really want teeth with it, you have to amend the statutes  whatsoever. So for that, it is an improvement, but it still does not  solve the base problem that even if you are taking away rights on  Federal property and you have private rights that abut it, that has an  impact on those private rights at the same time.   Those are the types of things that need to be guaranteed because  those are the people that could be losing tens of thousands of dollars  because the action on the Federal land has an impact on the private  land that abuts it at the same time. And that cannot be solved in a  finding.   However, the language that you put in here is a good effort to try  and at least clarify what Congress hopes to be accomplishing. For that,  I commend the gentleman for actually presenting this particular  amendment. I am happy to be able to vote for it.   