 Mr. President, earlier this week, the Missouri Department  of Health issued a new report that shows that life expectancy actually  declined in the State of Missouri last year. Worse than that, the  report shows that life expectancy has been falling in my State for  almost a decade. Death rates for Missourians between 15 and 34 years  old rose by almost 30 percent between 2012 and 2018. The death rate for  Missourians who are between 25 and 34 is at its highest levels since  the 1950s. We know what is causing it. It is an epidemic of drug  overdoses and suicides, along with a spike in crime, in our cities.   Here are the facts. Opioid-related deaths in Missouri have more than  doubled in the last decade. The number of suicides is up by over 50  percent, and there is no end in sight. And it is not just Missouri. New  data shows that deaths from suicides and drug overdoses are exploding  nationwide. Suicides in this country haven't been so common since 1938.  Alcohol-related deaths haven't been so high since the 1910s. Meanwhile,  the surge in deaths from drug overdoses in this country is completely  unprecedented.   These numbers are tragic, but they are more than that--they are the  signs of a crisis. We are witnessing the slow-motion collapse of the  working class in America.   All Americans suffer from the depths of despair, but we know from the  evidence that it is working people and working families who are hit the  hardest. So now the working middle of this Nation is facing a struggle  to survive. You don't have to look far to see it.   I have seen it in the small towns of my State, in the places where TV  cameras never go, where town squares sit half empty, where businesses  stand shuttered, where you can buy fentanyl with the snap of a finger  on any street corner.   I have seen it in country places where meth is so common, they tell  me that dealers hang bags of drugs from tree branches for their buyers  to retrieve--a literal landscape of despair and addiction.   I have seen it in the faces of young farmers who put a crop in and  pray for rain and pray for Sun and pray for fair prices and then wonder  if generations of family farming are going to end with them.   I have seen it from young mothers raising kids alone, working a job  and trying to go to school at night, trying to shield their children  from drugs and from the pathologies online.   I have heard it in the words of young men who graduated high school  only to find no jobs, no place to learn a trade, and no hope for  anything that is better.   This is the struggle of working life today. In my State, it is a  struggle shared by White and Black alike, by everybody of every race,  because of the breakdown of family and neighborhood, the loss of good  work, and the epidemic of addictive drugs, which don't know racial  boundaries.   This is a struggle we are in together. It is a struggle that brings  us together. It is a struggle for the things we love together--for  home, family, and country--and the future of this country will be  defined by how we meet this challenge.   You can see all of this if you will look. The problem is this town  will not look. This town is obsessed with partisan theatrics. This town  is obsessed with money and influence and status. This town wants to  keep its own good  [[Page S5734]]  times going. The political elite here live in a world where the  struggle of working Americans is just a human interest story that you  read about right along with the gossip page.   But it is time for this town to take some responsibility. It is time  for the governing class to admit that the policies it has pursued for  decades on trade, on immigration, and on finance have helped to drive  working people to this crisis. And it is time to acknowledge that a  crisis for working America is a crisis for all of America. It is not  enough for wealthy people in Silicon Valley to do well. By the way,  those people don't need any more advocates in this city. They have lots  of them already. It is working people who need advocates here, and it  is working families who need a voice.   You know, working folks don't ask for much. They work hard. They love  their families, they love God, they love the place where they live, and  they want the opportunity to build a home there and a way of life that  is prosperous and that is secure and that is meaningful and that they  can pass on to their children. That is not too much to ask. In the  America of the 21st century, that is not too much to expect. It is not  too much to stand for and to fight for because it is the working people  of this country who built this Nation. They are the ones who keep it  going now, and they are the ones where this country's strength is  found. It is the working people of this country--their future and their  families--who are going to define the future of our country.   I would just say that this is what we should be debating. This  challenge is what we should be confronting. This crisis is what we  should be looking to and addressing because this is what is going to  define our time.   I yield the floor.   