 Madam President, when I hear my friend from South Dakota  describe the state of the economy, it is amazing how political amnesia  can take over on the floor of the Senate Chamber.   Do you remember the election of 2008 when Barack Obama was elected  President of the United States? Was there anything going on with the  economy when he took office? Oh, something that the Senator failed to  mention--our country was facing the one of the worst recessions in the  history of the United States.   You had to go back to the Great Depression to see the impact of this  recession on the American economy, and it happened under a Republican  President--George W. Bush. President Obama inherited that, and most  people will never forget it because in 2008 and 2009, many people saw  their savings devastated by the drop in value in the stock market. They  saw this economy teetering on the edge and financial institutions  failing. This all happened on President George W. Bush's watch.  President Obama inherited it and had to turn it around--without the  cooperation of the Republican Party, I might add. A handful of them  stepped up to join him in a bipartisan effort, but most of them opposed  him. He did everything he needed to do to save this economy and then  started turning it around with job creation--unprecedented job  creation--throughout the 8 years of his term.   Now, of course, along comes a new President who wants to take credit  for all of it and, as the Senator from South Dakota suggested, blame  President Obama for the state of the economy he inherited. History  tells us a different story.   After this tax cut that the Senate Republicans are so proud of, I  think you ought to ask the American families paying their taxes now to  take a look at their taxes and tell you how the Trump tax cut helped  them as working families. For some, there is some value to it, but for  most, there is none. You see, over a long period of time, the vast  majority of the benefits of this Republican tax cut go to people in the  highest income categories. If there were ever a group who didn't need a  break, it is people who are already making millions of dollars each  year. Yet this Republican tax cut gave them the break. It added  trillions of dollars to our deficit, it helped the richest people in  America, and it forgot working families and left them behind. Yet  Republican Senators still come to the floor and boast about it with  regularity.   There is a better way to approach this. Yes, I want to give tax  incentives and tax relief to working families because we know they are  not getting the paychecks they need to meet their obligations, to save  for the future, and to make sure their kids have a better life. We  should be focused on them, not the wealthiest among us--they are doing  quite well, thank you. Let's focus on working families instead. The  Trump tax cut forgot that.   (Mr. SCOTT of Florida assumed the Chair.)    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr.  Heinrich), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Arizona (Ms. Sinema), are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders)  and the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.   