 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to speak about the recent uptick  in State efforts to criminalize abortion. These proposals, which have  been passed in eight States just this year and that have been proposed  in many others, impose harsh criminal penalties on women who have  abortions or on doctors who terminate pregnancies.   The laws deny women the freedom to make their own healthcare choices.  Therefore, they clearly violate the constitutional protections  established in Roe v. Wade and subsequent cases. In fact, many of the  proponents of these laws openly advertise them as being part of a  strategy to get the U.S. Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade and to  return to the days when States used the criminal law to punish women  and doctors for contraception and abortion.   Abortion is a contentious issue. People feel so strongly about it. I  understand that. I feel strongly about it, too. It can sometimes appear  that there is little common ground between people who call themselves  pro-choice and people who call themselves pro-life, but there is common  ground among so many of us. For example, Americans with many different  views on abortion overwhelmingly believe that Roe v. Wade should remain  the law of the land. More than 70 percent of Americans support the  decision and believe it shouldn't be overturned.   People understand that, whatever they think about abortion for  themselves and their own families, they do not believe the State should  make the decision for every woman. Women should be able to make their  own decisions about pregnancy, contraception, and abortion without  State interference, and appropriate regulation of abortion, just as of  other medical procedures, especially late in a pregnancy when a fetus  could survive independently, is allowable as long as the life and  health of the mother receive careful protection.   In addition to the support for Roe v. Wade, there is also common  ground based on data about strategies that work, and I want to offer a  common-ground perspective on this issue. There is a way to dramatically  reduce abortion in this country that both pro-life and pro-choice  should embrace. It is a strategy of compassion. Let me start with a  noteworthy fact that is almost never mentioned.   During the last 25 years, which is the time I have been in elected  office, the abortion rate in this country has been cut in half. This is  remarkable. You never hear this discussed. By 2015, during the Obama  administration, the abortion rate in the United States was at its  lowest level since Roe v. Wade became law. In fact, if you were to just  measure it by the data, you could argue that the Obama administration's  years were the most pro-life period since Roe v. Wade.   Why has this happened?   While there are a number of reasons, the most important one is this:  The rate of unplanned pregnancies is decreasing. Teen pregnancies are  decreasing. If the number of unplanned pregnancies goes down, the  abortion rate goes down. There is a direct connection between unplanned  pregnancies and the abortion rate.   So here is the strategy that should unite everyone: Reduce the number  of unplanned pregnancies. Could anyone be against that? Reduce the  number of unplanned pregnancies.   The good news is that we know how to do it. When women have better  access to affordable healthcare, including better access to  contraception and better access to comprehensive sex education, the  number of unplanned pregnancies goes down, and the number of abortions  drops. We know that more women have access to healthcare and  contraception today than in the past. The passage of the Affordable  Care Act and the 36 States that have expanded Medicaid have provided  millions of women with healthcare, so many of whom didn't have it  before, including preventive care and contraception access.   Comprehensive sex education for young people also equips them with  information that is necessary to avoid unplanned pregnancies. Some  young people decide to delay becoming sexually active, and that is  great. Some make better choices about contraception to avoid pregnancy,  and that is helpful. So education is a key factor as well. Whatever we  call ourselves--pro-choice, pro-life, or anything--if we want to keep  reducing unplanned pregnancies and, thereby, reducing the abortion  rate, guess what. We know just how to do it: Make sure kids get  comprehensive sex education so they can make more responsible choices,  and keep working to expand healthcare, including access to  contraception for women. This is the compassionate way to bring down  the abortion rate. It supports women, trusts their decisions, and  succeeds in reducing unplanned pregnancies.   Yet here is something that puzzles me. The GOP legislators all across  this country have generally opposed, quite bitterly, those proven  strategies, and so have many in the pro-life community. The GOP has  fought the Affordable Care Act every step of the way, and it now stands  squarely behind the effort to repeal the act entirely and  [[Page S3069]]  strip healthcare away from millions of women.   The GOP fights against contraception access. Many in the GOP fight  against comprehensive sex education. Instead, they push abstinence-only  sex education curricula that doesn't work. If the GOP succeeds in  killing the ACA and in reducing contraception access, the number of  unplanned pregnancies will increase, and the abortion rate will  increase. How is that pro-life?   The GOP is now embracing a different strategy--making women and  doctors criminals. This is the key unifying cruelty to these recent  State laws. GOP-controlled States are racing to see who can have the  cruelest criminal laws--a complete ban on abortion at 8 weeks of  pregnancy. No, how about a complete ban on abortion at 6 weeks of  pregnancy?   In Alabama, there is a ban from the second the pregnancy begins, from  the second there is a fetus in utero, and there are no exceptions to  someone who is the victim of rape or incest. Think about that. Alabama  forces a 13-year-old who was raped or was the victim of incest to bear  a criminal's child under pain of criminal prosecution and punishment-- imprisonment--for the doctor.   Wait. Let's get tougher still.   In Georgia, women who terminate pregnancies could receive life in  prison under a bill that was recently signed by the Georgia Governor.  There is some confusion here. Prosecutors argue about whether the  technical language would subject a woman who has an abortion to a  first-degree murder charge. The sponsor of the bill, now that it has  been signed, is backpedaling, saying he only intended for women to be  prosecuted under a separate criminal abortion statute that carries a  maximum sentence of 10 years. He apparently believes that subjecting  women to 10-year prison sentences rather than to life sentences for  murder is merciful and lenient. No woman exercising her constitutional  right to make her own healthcare decisions should be threatened with a  prison sentence of even 1 day.   The GOP could go further.   A Texas bill filed last month would have allowed the death penalty-- capital punishment--for a woman who seeks an abortion. The bill failed,  but the bill wasn't a surprise from the party whose President admitted  during his campaign that a woman who has an abortion must suffer a  punishment.   So the GOP's strategy is for more criminal laws, more prosecutions,  and more sentences--put more women in prison, and put more doctors in  prison. We already have the highest incarceration in the world--five  times higher than Canada's and 70 percent higher than Russia's. Guess  what. So many of these GOP proposals would push us even further, and  the next big group going behind bars could be women and doctors.   These criminal laws don't bring about a culture of life. These  criminal laws don't bring about a culture of compassion. They succeed  only in demonizing women, robbing them of their dignity, and intruding  upon the most private aspects of their lives, and they demonize the  doctors who care for these women.   Do Americans want a society that labels women's healthcare choices as  criminal? No.   Is there any proof that criminal penalties for abortion will reduce  unplanned pregnancies? No.   Is there any proof that criminal penalties for abortion will reduce  the number of abortions? No.   That is what I mean about the choice we face as a society. We can  pursue a path of compassion toward women and be secure in the knowledge  that better health and contraception access and comprehensive sex  education will reduce unplanned pregnancies and abortions, or we can  pursue the path of criminalizing women's decisions with there being no  evidence that the strategy will have the effect of reducing unplanned  pregnancies and abortions.   I have focused most of my attention on the issue of unplanned  pregnancies. Of course, some planned pregnancies end in abortion, too.  Most often, these pregnancies involve severe maternal or severe fetal  health issues that are emotional and tragic for all involved.  Certainly, compassion toward these families and not criminal  prosecution is the right answer. This question--do we use a  compassionate strategy to reduce unplanned pregnancies or do we  criminalize women's decisions?--is the fundamental difference between  the Nation's two political parties on this very important issue right  now.   I am firmly in the camp of compassion. If we support women and trust  women, we can keep making significant progress toward a goal we should  all share: fewer unplanned pregnancies and fewer abortions.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise, accompanied by an amazing public  servant who is completing 29 years and 10 months of working in the U.S.  Senate--Mary Naylor, my legislative director. She is angry with me  right now for tricking her into this and walking into the Chamber and  seeing my whole staff, but I wanted to just say a word to honor her.   When I came to the Senate--elected in 2012 and sworn in in January  2013--obviously, hiring a legislative director was a very, very  important challenge that I was dealing with, and I had a number of  people who wanted to do the job. There was a wonderful Senate staffer  who was about to leave the Hill to see if there was life after the  Senate. She wasn't sure whether there was but was really excited to see  that. Yet, as tough a negotiator as she was, she let me persuade her to  stay for one more term after she had wanted to leave to do other  things. She did a remarkable job for me in my first term and has done a  remarkable job now into my second term in the Senate. She has been my  legislative director since my first day in the body, but as I pointed  out, she is now nearly 30 years into serving this institution.   Let me tell you some things about Mary.   She is from Fargo, ND. She came to the Senate in 1989, which was  right after she graduated with honors--Phi Beta Kappa--from  Northwestern. She first became a legislative assistant for the late  Senator Paul Simon in 1991. Then she eventually became the deputy chief  of staff to Senator Kent Conrad of her home State. For most of her  career in the Senate, she worked with Senator Conrad. When Senator  Conrad became the Budget chairman in 2001, she became the Democratic  staff director for the committee, and she remained in that position for  12 years until she became my legislative director in 2013.   Some highlights of her tenure with Budget include 10 budget  resolutions, the Simpson-Bowles Commission, walking us back from a  fiscal cliff in 2011, and a C-SPAN debut--oh, my gosh, a C-SPAN debut-- in March 2008 when she testified before the Budget Committee on the  fiscal year 2009 budget.  [[Page S3082]]    Mary Naylor played a critical role in the Affordable Care Act. With  members of the Budget Committee, she helped to iron out the fiscal  details of such a monumental bill, and she captivated a lot of my  staffers in the office with tales of the high stakes parliamentary  maneuvering she undertook to make sure the reconciliation component of  the ACA complied with the Byrd rule.   One of the things that Mary does in my office that my staff loves is  the parliamentary minute. At the end of every week, after I have gone  back to Richmond, she will do a parliamentary minute and put an  interesting problem or challenge on the table from the past and walk my  legislative staff through how we should deal with it.   In 2011, the ``Washingtonian'' named Mary one of the 100 most  powerful women in DC, and the ``National Journal'' named her among the  top 14 women on the Hill.   Mary has helped me out in so many ways. She has learned more about  aircraft carrier refueling than she ever thought possible and has  helped me overcome now two bouts of the decommissioning of aircraft.   All of my staff understands that Mary has really been kind of the  brains of the operation. She is in a league of her own. Every single  bill of mine that has passed has her fingerprints on it, and I guess I  am getting up to--I don't know--over 40 or 50 bills. She comes up with  the ideas. She makes my ideas a lot better. She builds supports for our  proposals. She tells me when my ideas are bad, and she is almost always  right--not always right. She is almost always right. She helps me on my  committees and floor strategy. She recruits, trains, and advises all of  the amazing policy staffers I have working with me and all who have  worked with me over the years.   That is what Mary has done for me and for the people of Virginia for  6 years. That is what she has done for the Senate for the United States  for now 30 years. She is a policy whiz. She is a dogged go-getter, and  I emphasize ``dogged.'' That is a character reference if you know  Mary's love of dogs. She is a walking parliamentary encyclopedia, and  her dedication has helped me to achieve much more than I would have  imagined as a Senator.   I recognize Mary to say, like so many in the offices in this  building, her persistent service to Senator Conrad, to Senator Simon,  to me, to the Budget Committee, to the Senate more broadly, and to the  country have really made a difference in an awful lot of people's  lives.   Anybody leaving, it is always bittersweet. I think that she is now  going to find there is life after the Senate, and she has a cool next  opportunity that she can pursue.   Whenever one of my staffers goes on to pursue a new cool opportunity,  I am really happy for them, and yet it is hard to imagine what it will  be like walking into the office every day and not having Mary there as  the brains of the operation and a great right hand at getting good  things done.   So with that, I know my whole staff is thinking the same thought  right now. We want to just thank Mary Naylor for her great service and  commend her.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   