 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   My friend, the gentleman from Georgia, just rose and said that this  won't work. We have risen on this floor time after time after time  after time and had a moment of silence followed by no action.   As I said time after time, we have had a moment of silence. I will  tell my friend from Georgia that it hasn't worked. It has been  appropriate, but it has not worked.   Can we guarantee that this will work to make every person safe?   It cannot. It will not. But I rise in strong support of doing  something, and in this case doing something that 90 percent of America  supports.   Mr. Chairman, this House is finally going to do its job and take  action--not just a moment of silence, but action--to address the  epidemic of gun violence in our country.   After the tragedies at Sandy Hook, Orlando, Las Vegas, Charleston,  the Tree of Life synagogue, and Great Mills High School in my district,  the House, under the previous leadership, did nothing. It didn't work.   After the shooting just down the street at the Washington Navy Yard,  the Republican-controlled House did nothing. Three of the victims of  that attack were constituents of mine living in southern Maryland. Dr.  Wendy Edmonds and Wanda Wallace are in the gallery, Mr. Chairman. They  are the sisters of Sylvia Fraser, a Navy Yard shooting victim.   Montana Geimer, daughter of Wendi Winters, a writer for the Capital  Gazette of which my colleague, Mr. Brown, just spoke; and Mackenzie  Boughey, a high school student who organized a March for Our Lives  rally in Anne Arundel County, are here with us today not to have a  moment of silence, but to have a moment of action.   Many of our districts have been painfully affected by gun violence.  In St. Mary's County in Maryland, as I told you, Mr. Chairman, a  student was killed by a shooter at Great Mills High School, and a  courageous school resources officer there saved countless other lives.  In Annapolis, five staff members of the Capital Gazette were gunned  down in their newsroom.   For years, the American people have demanded action to address gun  violence. After the Parkland shooting, just over a year ago, students  marched in cities from coast to coast to demand that Congress protect  them in the classroom, in the streets, in houses of worship, and in all  public gathering places.   I, as I am sure many of you have, had the opportunity to meet with  many of the students who participated in the March for Our Lives and  heard the determination in their voices as they spoke about working to  achieve a future where students would no longer have to practice  active-shooter drills in their schools. I found their courage and  persistence deeply inspiring.   Now, with a change in the majority control, we are bringing to the  floor legislation supported by, as I said, nine out of ten Americans,  including a majority of responsible gun owners to expand criminal  background checks to make sure that those who have a criminal past, a  past of violence--domestic or otherwise--a mental health problem, or  are on the no-fly list because they are perceived as possibly  terrorists, won't be able to buy a gun.   Does that mean they won't get a gun?   It does not. I understand that. But as I told my friend from Georgia,  the moments of silence have not worked. They were appropriate, I  understand, but they didn't work.  [[Page H2252]]    We will also be voting this week on legislation offered by our whip,  Mr. Clyburn, to close the loophole that contributed to the horrific  mass shooting at Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston in 2015.   Mr. Chairman, I urge the Senate to follow the House and pass the  legislation we advance, and I call on the President to sign it without  delay.   Mr. Chairman, let us not have a moment of silence for this  legislation. Do not let it die. Do not let the hope that it provides  die. Do not let us stand by one more time to lament the death of a  constituent, a friend, a neighbor, a fellow citizen, who dies at the  hand of a gun purchased illegally or by someone who should not have a  gun.   This is not about taking away guns. It is about preventing guns  getting in the hands of people who do bad things, and we can predict  that they are a danger to others. Let us not have a moment of silence  for this bill. Let us pass it. Let the Senate pass it. Let the  President sign it. Let's make an effort at least to stop the carnage.    Madam Speaker, parliamentary inquiry.    Madam Speaker, in order for the amendment that was just  passed to be passed, am I correct that you would have to vote for this  bill with that amendment now?    The vote now is to pass the bill as amended. Am I correct?   My parliamentary inquiry is, if that does not pass, am I correct that  the amendment that was just voted for by so many in this House, it  would be defeated if the bill is defeated?   