 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, my colleagues know I am the only  Republican on the border. My colleagues know I am the only Member of  Congress who has 820 miles along the border. My colleagues know that I  have spent a good deal of my time up here working with them on things  like stopping the separation of families along the border. My  colleagues also know that I know that some Members are not for open  borders.   It is an understatement to say that our Nation's immigration docket  is a matter of concern. The caseload has increased by nearly fivefold  since the end of 2008, and now it stands at roughly 9,000 cases. The  average wait for nondetained individuals is over 670 days, with many  individuals waiting much longer for an immigration hearing. The net  effect of this untenable backlog situation is to delay justice, in many  cases, for years for those with valid claims. This is simply  outrageous.   The adjudication of immigration matters is essential to the proper  administration of justice in our country. Congress must ensure that  U.S. immigration laws are administered fairly, efficiently, and  consistently with due process.   This motion adds $75 million to our immigration court system. It will  support additional immigration judge teams and the expansion of  courtroom capacity.   Now, some of my colleagues will say that there are already judges in  this bill. There are. They meet the requests of, actually, this White  House, but that is not enough.   In 2016, the ACLU came out and said that to get to the backlog there,  to address the backlog then, which was only 500,000, we needed 500  immigration judge teams. We need more.   Many Members have already voted for more than this when they all  helped me jam Republican leadership last year--or try to jam Republican  leadership last year--on sorting out the immigration issue.   Now, some of my colleagues will say that taking money away from  Census to do that is not the right way to go. This underlying bill  funds the Census 40 percent above the President's request. That is more  than $2.3 billion. This bill includes $8 billion, with or without this  amendment.   Most importantly, this motion to recommit does not address or change  the question that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have  addressed in this bill, and that is whether or not the citizenship  question can be added on the 2020 Census. This bill says it cannot.  This motion to recommit does not change that.   Let me repeat. This motion to recommit does not change that.   We are taking money out of the Census reserve slush fund. This is  money that may or may not be used. We can hold on to this funding for  unforeseen problems, or we can use this funding now to help solve a  problem we see loud and clear.   Our current shortage of immigration judges delays justice for  individuals who have valid immigration claims, while preserving many  years of continued illegal presence for others who do  [[Page H5103]]  not. Worse still, the allure of our weakened system entices migrants to  undertake the incredibly dangerous journey north with young children.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this motion to help reverse  these regrettable and unsustainable trends caused by our broken  immigration system, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   