 I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from  Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from  Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator from Vermont  (Mr. Sanders), the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema), and the Senator  from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from  Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from  Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are necessarily absent.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission is charged with protecting workers and job applicants  against discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, national  origin, age, disability, or genetic information.   Janet Dhillon, the latest nominee to be a member of that board, has  spent her career, unfortunately, doing the opposite. She has spent  years advocating for corporations over workers and has a track record  that puts her in direct opposition to the mission of the Equal  Employment Opportunity Commission. For example, under Ms. Dhillon's  leadership, the Retail Litigation Center filed briefs in support of  policies making it more difficult for employers to be held liable for  harassment.   I am also concerned that Ms. Dhillon has declined to answer whether  she would uphold the EEOC's current position that the Civil Rights Act  forbids employment discrimination on the basis of gender identity or  sexual orientation. The EEOC is considering issues that are critical to  protecting workers, including ongoing court cases to protect LGBTQ  workers from discrimination and improve pay data collection for women  in the workforce. Women, on average, make 80 cents per every dollar  earned by a man. The gap is even higher for women of color. We need  Commissioners at the EEOC who will fight to close this gap.   No matter your age, race, occupation, religion, or sexuality, you  should be treated with dignity, and for too long, with too many people,  this has not been the case. Ms. Dhillon has not demonstrated that she  will be a champion for these workers.   In the past, we have always tried to move EEOC nominations in a  bipartisan way, with Democratic and Republican nominees confirmed at  the same time, but for months, for reasons I cannot explain, my  Republican colleagues have refused to hold a vote on a Democratic  nominee to this Commission. This obstruction has forced the EEOC to  operate without a quorum, preventing it from conducting crucial  business, such as issuing new policies, guidance, and regulations.   This is another example of Republicans changing Senate norms and  traditions when it comes to their quest for nominations. We are also  seeing that this week with votes on two Second Circuit nominees from  New York who are being pushed through over objections by both home  State Senators. Before this year, we had never, never seen a judicial  nominee receive a vote without a positive blue slip from either home  State Senator.   ``Blue slip'' is just a formal term; it is actually an approval by  the Senator of a nomination.   By the end of this week, it will have happened four times--in the  State of Washington, New Jersey, and now New York. This is a terrible  precedent that could end up affecting each of our States.   Republicans appear determined to ignore traditions and common sense  in their effort to confirm the highest possible volume of President  Trump's extreme nominees. I continue to call on my colleagues to change  course. I think it is a mistake.   I oppose Janet Dhillon's nomination as Chairman of the Equal  Employment Opportunity Commission.    Mr. President, everyone knows that this Sunday is  Mother's Day, a day when we honor our moms, step moms, our mothers-in- law, our grandmothers, our wives and all the women who chose to love,  sacrifice, and care for a child. It is also a day when we celebrate new  moms-to-be. I am happy to report to you that I am just a few days away  from having a new granddaughter, which I am really excited about. There  is a lot of excitement and happiness in our family, and it will be  intensified coming this Sunday on Mother's Day.   My wife and I have three beautiful kids, and we have now five  wonderful grandchildren, with a sixth one on the way. There is nothing  more exciting than learning of a new addition to your family, and there  is nothing more sobering than the state of maternal and infant  healthcare in this great Nation. I can think of no better way to  celebrate and honor Mother's Day than to immediately commit on a  bipartisan basis to enact change that will improve the health outcomes  for new moms and babies nationwide. Too often in our country, new moms  and infants, especially women and babies of color, are dying from  completely preventable health complications.   Listen to this. The United States is 1 of only 13 countries in the  world where the maternal mortality rate is worse today than it was 25  years ago. Over the past 30 years, our maternal mortality rate has more  than doubled. In the United States of America, with all of our  hospitals and doctors and medical knowledge, nationwide more than 700  women die every year as a result of pregnancy. More than 70,000  experience severe, near-fatal complications. In my home State of  Illinois, 73 women die every year due to pregnancy-related  complications, and 70 percent of these deaths are preventable.   These deaths impact women of color at significantly higher rates.  Black women in the United States are three to four times more likely  than White women to die as a result of pregnancy. In Illinois, African- American women are six times more likely than White women to die of  pregnancy-related complications.   I had a press conference at a University of Chicago hospital on this  subject. One of the presenters had done even deeper research than we  had in preparation, and she reported to me something that really opened  my eyes. This racial distinction bears no relation to poverty or  education. An African-American woman, well educated, from a family with  resources, is still just as vulnerable as those in a lesser position  economically when it comes to this racial disparity. Not only are we  losing moms, we are losing babies. This is incredible.   Currently the United States ranks 32 out of 35 of the wealthiest  nations when it comes to infant mortality. Every year more than 23,000  infants die in this country, largely due to factors that, in many  cases, can be prevented--birth defects, low birth weight, and maternal  complications. Again, the African-American community is impacted more  severely. In the United States, babies of color are twice as likely to  die as White babies. The racial disparity is greater than it was in the  year 1850 in the United States. Something has to be done.   I joined with Congresswoman Robin Kelly of Illinois and my colleague  Senator Tammy Duckworth, and we introduced the appropriately named  MOMMA Act.   First and foremost, our bill would expand the length of time that a  new mom can keep her Medicaid health coverage.   Currently, Medicaid has to cover women for only 2 months postpartum.  Our bill expands it to a year. Given that 60 percent of maternal deaths  occur in the weeks and months after delivery, it is imperative that new  mothers be able to keep their health coverage longer.   Next, the MOMMA's Act would improve access to doulas. Too often,  disparities in maternal and infant mortality are rooted in structural  racism in healthcare, meaning African-American women often receive  poorer quality care than White women simply because of the color of  their skin. Black women are not often listened to or taken seriously by  healthcare providers. Doulas can help provide education, advocacy, and  support for women whose voices are being ignored.   To this point, our bill would also improve implicit bias and cultural  competency training among healthcare providers.   Lastly, our bill would provide improved hospital coordination  reporting on maternal health outcomes and ensure implementation of  services to improve care.   My bill is not the only one on this subject. Senator Kamala Harris  has introduced a bill to help train medical providers to avoid racial  bias. Senator Elizabeth Warren suggests giving hospitals a financial  bonus for successful health outcome improvements. Senator Cory has a  bill to improve access to primary care providers and doulas. Senator  Kirsten Gillibrand has a bill to provide States and hospitals with  needed funding to develop and implement maternal safety best practices.  There is no shortage of legislative ideas that would help improve  maternal and infant health outcomes. Yet, unfortunately, we are not  considering them.   We even changed the rules in the Senate a few weeks ago, and the  Republican leader came to the floor and said we need more time for  legislation.  [[Page S2715]]  There has not been much legislation going on in this Senate in the last  few weeks.   Would it not be nice if we had a good, bipartisan bill that addresses  this issue of maternal and infant mortality in time for Mother's Day?  There is still time tomorrow for the leader, Senator McConnell, to call  this measure to the floor, and I hope he will.   We have to make sure as well--and I will close by saying this--that  the Affordable Care Act continues to be a strong opportunity for people  to have access to affordable, quality healthcare and to make certain  that the lawsuit that emanated from the State of Texas and is now  working its way through the Federal courts does not take protection  away from Americans with preexisting conditions. That continues to be a  threat we have to take seriously.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema), are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Minnesota  (Ms. Klobuchar), and the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema) are  necessarily absent.   