 Madam Speaker, I want to thank both leaders,  but I want to thank Kay Granger for her extraordinary support for  legislation that I authored, two bills that are included in this act. I  thank Nita Lowey as well, the distinguished chairwoman.   The first bill is known as the TICK Act. Twenty-one years ago, in  1998, I introduced the Lyme Disease Initiative Act of 1998. Every 2  years, every Congress, with well over 100 cosponsors, would have a bill  that would look to create a national strategy in combating Lyme  disease.   This legislation includes that strategy, and I am deeply grateful for  that. It also is now named after Senator Kay Hagan, who, sadly, died  from a tick-borne disease in October. But it provides a national  strategy, $150 million authorization for Lyme research, prevention, and  treatment programs, and enables additional Federal agencies to step up  and coordinate their efforts in the fight against Lyme.   As we know from the working group, there are 300,000 new cases every  year. The high-end estimate is 437,000 cases. Chronic Lyme is a very  serious problem.   The NIH recently came out with their new strategy, and I am very  grateful to the Trump administration for doing that because there is no  real detection capability that is reliable, so the diagnosis is often  faulty. There is also the very real problem that there are no  therapeutics that can deal with Lyme disease, especially if it is  missed in the beginning from a tick bite.   Madam Speaker, the second bill has to do with ending neglected  tropical diseases, another one of my bills that just passed this House  on December 3.   We know for a fact that 1.4 billion people are walking around with  horrific worms and parasites which, terribly, cause death, but also  there is a great deal of morbidity attached to it.   Thankfully, this legislation has that bill in its entirety in it, so  there is no need to worry about the Senate taking up this bill. It will  become law, and I am thankful for that.   I had a number of hearings on neglected tropical diseases in Africa  and other places, particularly where there is a warm environment.  People are walking around with parasites. They are walking around with  dengue and all of the other diseases, so I am very grateful for both of  those bills.   