 Madam President, I ask to speak as in morning business  for 1 minute.    Madam President, the United States of America has the  mightiest military in the world to protect our freedoms and to  guarantee peace around the world. That is why it is so important to  keep check on the Pentagon's financial ledgers. Taxpayers expect their  money to be spent wisely, and it is our job in Congress to make sure  that money is spent wisely.   I am glad Secretary Esper has said he will work with whistleblowers  to stop wasteful spending and to prevent more spare parts rip-offs.  These are things that have been of interest to me over the last several  decades with the defense budget. I met with Secretary Esper, and I  believe he has his heart in the right place to help us accomplish these  goals.   He has also indicated he will prioritize getting a clean audit of our  military services and an opinion that can be certified because the 2010  law that all the audits ought to be certified was not met by 2017, and  they are still not done. How can you follow the money if it can't be  audited?   Our men and women in uniform deserve no less than to make sure every  dollar in the Defense Department is spent wisely.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on April 8, this year I came to the  Senate to speak about the end of the special counsel's investigation.  Now that Special Counsel Mueller is set to testify tomorrow in the  House of Representatives, I would like to reiterate several points I  made in that speech that I believe are still very relevant today.   I noted that the facts show the real collusion was actually brought  about by the Democrats. It is pretty well documented that the Clinton  campaign and the Democratic National Committee hired Fusion GPS to do  opposition research against Candidate Trump.   Fusion GPS then hired Christopher Steele, a former British  intelligence officer, to compile the famous Steele dossier. That  document was central to the fake collusion narrative, and it reportedly  used Russian Government sources for information.   So the Democrats paid for a document created by a foreign national  that relied on Russian Government  [[Page S5008]]  sources. Let's also not forget about news reports that the Democratic  National Committee interfaced with the Government of Ukraine to try and  get dirt on Candidate Trump--not Trump but the Democrats. Now that is  the definition of collusion. Maybe that is why the Democrats seem  totally uninterested in figuring out the origins of the Russian  investigation because they were a prime mover in making it all happen.   Now they have asked the Justice Department to produce the Mueller  report's underlying evidence, including all intelligence-related  information. I agree with the need to see as much information as  possible. In fact, I have cosponsored a bill that would do just that,  but the Democrats' fury over Mueller's findings and their inconsistent  positions makes me think all of this is more about politics than  principle.   As I have said repeatedly, to guard against political gamesmanship,  there is only one legitimate way to do this. Let's see all the  documents, every one of the documents; meaning, that if Congress is  going to review the Mueller report's underlying information, it should  be able to review information relating to how--absolutely how the  Russia investigation started. Anything less will fail to provide the  full picture.   Furthermore, to be very consistent, we shouldn't stop at the Russia  investigation. The Democrats want all of the Mueller information but  seem to be turning a very blind eye to other investigations where  Congress, as well as the public, have yet to see it all. Again, that  leads me to believe that their request for Mueller-related documents is  a political ploy.   Take, for example, the Clinton investigation. As I have written about  publicly before, the Justice Department inspector general produced to  Congress a highly classified document relating to this Clinton  investigation. That document raises additional questions for the FBI  and the Justice Department. These agencies ought to produce additional  information to Congress and answer these questions to provide full  accounting of what transpired.   Here is an excerpt, then, from the inspector general's unclassified  report on the Clinton investigation:   ``Although the Midyear team [that happens to be the code word for the  Clinton investigation] drafted a memorandum to the Deputy Attorney  General late May 2016 stating that review of the highly classified  material was necessary to complete the investigation and requesting  permission to access them, the FBI never sent this request to the  Department.''   So this tells us four things. One, the FBI apparently was aware of  highly classified information potentially relevant to the Clinton  investigation in its possession; secondly, that the FBI drafted a memo  in May of 2016 to get access to the information; three, that memo said  review of the information was necessary to complete the investigation;  and fourth, the fact that the memo was never sent.   So, with great emphasis, how could the Obama administration's FBI  finish the investigation if they never got access to all potentially  relevant information?   Now, there ought to be great Democratic outrage at that apparent  failure, and there doesn't seem to be. Will Democrats ask the Justice  Department for all underlying information relating to Hillary Clinton's  investigation?   Then there is another example. What about the case called Uranium  One? I have been pushing for years for more answers about this  transaction that allowed the Russian Government to acquire U.S. uranium  assets. I have received classified as well as unclassified briefings  about this matter.   My staff recently went to FBI headquarters to review additional  classified material, and I have identified some FBI intelligence  reports that may shed more light on the Uranium One transaction.  However, the Attorney General has refused to provide access to those  other documents.   Well, if the Democrats demand intelligence-related information from  the Justice Department regarding the Mueller report, there should be no  reason whatsoever why they shouldn't do the same for Uranium One.   The American people rightly ought to expect something as simple as  consistency. If you aren't consistent with what you ask for, then you  will not have any credibility.   My attitude and approach is straightforward and nonpartisan. Let's  see it all--Russia, Clinton, Uranium One, all of it. As I said on April  8, sunlight is the best disinfectant.   As we listen to and watch tomorrow's testimony going on in the House  of Representatives, with Mueller coming back to tell us probably  nothing new because he said he isn't going to say anything that isn't  already in the 448-page report, let's keep that in mind. Let's see all  of it--Russia, Clinton, Uranium One, as well as anything the Democrats  are asking for in regard to the Mueller report.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   