 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of amendment 38 to  Division A of H.R. 3055 regarding a consistent tariff exclusion process  under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974.   According to the International Trade Administration, Section 301 of  the Trade Act provides the United States with the authority to enforce  trade agreements, resolve trade disputes, and open foreign markets to  U.S. goods and services. It is the principal statutory authority under  which the United States may impose trade sanctions on foreign countries  that either violate trade agreements or engage in other unfair trade  practices.   Since entering office, President Trump has used tariffs to help  secure trade deals with partners around the world.   While I don't believe tariffs should be a long-term solution for our  trade practices and overall economy, they have been successful in the  short-term in bringing countries like China to the negotiating table.   Yet as the process to negotiate new trade deals moves forward, we  must do everything possible to limit any potential negative impact on  businesses and consumers.   Since enacted, exclusions through Section 301 of the Trade Act have  allowed qualifying companies to avoid tariffs on necessary goods. This  ensures that companies that can only purchase a certain material or  good from one country are not punished if that country is subject to a  tariff.   While the administration has established an exclusion process for  Tranche 1 and 2 goods, it took prodding from Congress for an exclusion  process to be established for 301 tariffs on Tranche 3.   That's why today I am proposing amendment 38 to Division A of H.R.  3055 that would  [[Page H4886]]  ensure exclusions are evenly applied to all goods under Section 301.   This amendment provides consistency in the application of Section 301  and seeks to support businesses and consumers which rely on goods  covered by the section.   It's important to note this amendment does not support tariffs, which  as I said should not be a long-term strategy. However, similar to the  intent of language that was included in the Explanatory Statement for  the FY19 Continuing Resolution we passed in February, this amendment  would ensure that there is a consistent exclusion process for any  subsequent 301 tariff rounds.   Just last month, the administration increased tariffs from 10 percent  to 25 percent on nearly $200 billion of Tranche 3 Chinese goods,  highlighting the need for a consistent exclusion process moving  forward.   This amendment achieves that goal and I ask my colleagues to approve  it.   