 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my  distinguished colleague from Missouri for putting this Special Order  together highlighting the need for border security and, most  importantly, to put our American citizens first.   We could spend our time debating what a physical barrier should  consist of, but let's make one thing clear: whether it is in the form  of a wall or a fence or some barrier combined with 21st century  surveillance technology and increased Border Patrol agents, a barrier  is an effective defense against entry by criminals, gang members, drug  smugglers, and, yes, even terrorists.   My colleagues across the aisle are now arguing that physical barriers  are ineffective. Some have even said that they are immoral. Now, this  is not the position they held in the recent past. President Trump has  asked for $5.7 billion to help secure the border. Under President  Obama, Democrats were willing to spend $40 billion for border security.   What has changed?   Is it possible the only difference is the occupant in the White  House?   Some argue that border security is not necessary because too few  known or suspected terrorists have been captured on the southern  border. They say that only eight have been captured. I would suggest to  my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that one terrorist gaining  entry into this country is too many. I would like to point out that  there were only 19 terrorists who carried out the attacks on 9/11--just  19. The fact that we know ISIS is encouraging their followers to try to  enter the United States across our porous southern border should itself  warrant better scrutiny.   This leads me to direct some questions to my colleagues and friends  across the aisle.   Is it worth the risk?   Is it worth the possibility that one or two or a dozen or 19  terrorists could cross our southern border and carry out an attack that  kills innocent American men and women?   I would pay $5.7 billion to stop the next 9/11.   Terrorism is not the only threat to our national security. In 2017,  an estimated 72,000 Americans died from drug overdoses with the biggest  increase in drug overdose deaths being attributed to fentanyl and  heroin. It has been reported that roughly 85 percent of the fentanyl  and 90 percent of the heroin is coming across our southern border.   Does that death toll not warrant putting aside the issues with our  President long enough on this national crisis to fund additional  barriers and to fund additional and better drug detection technology  and surveillance technology to try to stop the flow of these deadly  drugs across our southern border?   Would it be worth it if we saved 1,000 lives? 100? A dozen?   What number would justify putting differences aside and joining this  effort?   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for this opportunity.   