 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 246. This is a bipartisan  resolution I introduced with Brad Schneider, Jerry Nadler, and Ann  Wagner to oppose BDS and efforts to delegitimize the State of Israel,  which is now up to 350 cosponsors.   We must combat the BDS movement targeting our great ally in the  Middle East. The BDS movement seeks to harm Israel today, tomorrow, and  well into the future.   It is an American value to be able to express legitimate, reasonable  criticism of any government in the world, including our own. The BDS  movement, though, is different, and we must reject the blatant anti- Semitism injected throughout BDS and the delegitimizing of Israel.   We must educate and all be aware of the toxic, anti-Semitic words of  the founder of BDS and how we have so many Jewish students on college  campuses right here in the United States from coast to coast targeted  with blatant anti-Semitism in the name of BDS.   Congress needs to make a very strong, bipartisan statement against  BDS, and this resolution does just that. In addition, we should also  enact legislation with teeth.   In February, the Senate passed anti-BDS legislation, S. 1, with a  strong, bipartisan vote. This bill allows State and local governments  to adopt laws to divest public funds from entities that boycott Israel.  Lead Republican McCaul already has a bill in the House, H.R. 336, that  is identical to S. 1 and contains the anti-BDS legislation.   I strongly encourage the Speaker to bring this bill to the floor as  well so that not only are we making a strong statement, but we are also  doing something about it.   I am grateful to House leadership for bringing H. Res. 246 to the  floor today, for Chairman Engel's work and his team's work in the House  Foreign Affairs Committee, and to lead Republican McCaul and his team.   Mr. Speaker, this is a big deal. I am honored to work with you on  this important effort, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Smith), who is a senior member of the Committee on Foreign  Affairs.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the esteemed Republican whip.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, it is important to note, really, from coast  to coast, we are hearing stories of students on college campuses, in  the name of BDS, being targeted with blatant anti-Semitism.   For example, at New York University, after the student government  passed a resolution supporting BDS, the Bronfman Center for Jewish Life  was temporarily closed in response to threatening Twitter posts by a  student who expressed ``a desire for Zionists to die.''   A University of Michigan professor refused to write a letter of  recommendation for a qualified student solely because she wanted to  study abroad in Israel.    A Students for Justice in Palestine cofounder and University of  California, Berkeley, professor spoke at a national conference and  shared the anti-Semitism meme of an Orthodox Jewish person in his  presentation.   At Warren Wilson College, an invited speaker stated: ``Jews are doing  the same thing to the Palestinians as the Nazis did to the Jews.''   A Yik Yak posting at the University of California read: ``Gas them,  burn them, and dismantle their power structure. Humanity cannot  progress with the parasitic Jew.''   More globally, University of Durban in South Africa called for the  expulsion of Jewish students who did not support the BDS movement at  the university.   It is really important for people who may just be getting familiar  with what BDS is to know that, right now, we have so many Jewish  students who are being targeted with this blatant anti-Semitism, and  that is why today's statement sends such a powerful message.   Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, some supporters of the BDS movement--in fact, the  movement, in total, makes the argument that Israel is the bad guy on  humanitarian issues, on human rights.   It is important to note, Israel has a long history of LGBT  protections and women's rights enshrined in Israeli law that is in  stark contrast to its Middle East neighbors.   Regardless of ethnicity or religion, there are broad freedoms in  Israel, including the right to vote, freedom of speech, equal access to  education and the workplace, and no special restrictions on the way  women dress. By law, women are protected from discrimination.   In fact, Israel's declaration of independence grants all Israel's  inhabitants equality of social and political rights, irrespective of  religion, race, or gender. Even Palestinians in the autonomous regions  have voting rights and receive social services.   Under Israeli jurisdiction, some 350,000 Palestinian residents in  Jerusalem receive certain civilian welfare, health, and municipal  services. In other parts of the Middle East, it is a monarchy with no  voting rights whatsoever.   Hamas has repeatedly denied humanitarian aid offered by Israel. In  May 2018, when there were clashes on the border, Gaza refused two  truckloads of aid from Israel to relieve medical shortages.   There are so many falsehoods that have been perpetrated by supporters  of the BDS movement, and that is, again, another reason why today's  resolution is such a powerful statement.   Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Suozzi just pointed out one quote. Earlier, we heard another  quote from the BDS founder. I will share one more. He also stated--and  this is the founder of the BDS movement: ``Many of the methods of  collective and individual `punishment' meted out to Palestinian  civilians at the hands of young, racist, often sadistic and ever  impervious Israeli soldiers . . . are reminiscent of the common Nazi  practices against the Jews.''    The list goes on and on. As people out there are listening to this  debate, becoming familiar with what the BDS movement is, just  understand and take heed of the words from the BDS movement founder,  Omar Barghouti.   Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   BDS supporters also claim that the BDS movement is nonviolent. The  BDS movement does not distance itself from Hamas, a designated Foreign  Terrorist Organization. BDS supporters, individually, are not  distancing themselves from Hamas either. Instead, their criticism is  focused on attacking Israel and, in many cases, the Jewish people  specifically.   Two Fridays ago, Fathi Hammad, a senior Hamas official, called upon  Palestinians worldwide: ``Our brothers'' in the diaspora ``are still  preparing. They are trying to prepare. They are warming up. A long time  has passed with them warming up. All of you 7 million Palestinians  abroad, enough of the warming up. You have Jews everywhere, and we must  attack every Jew on the globe by way of slaughter and killing, if God  permits. Enough of the warming up.''   Where are all the supporters of BDS condemning these remarks? This is  two Fridays ago, calling for the murder of every Jew in the world.   During a closed meeting in October 2017 between Hamas chief Sinwar  and Gazan youth about reconciling with the Fatah movement, Sinwar  stated that the time spent discussing recognition of Israel is over and  that now Hamas will, instead, discuss when they will wipe out Israel.   Hamas uses women and children as human shields. They deny  humanitarian aid to their own people. They incite violence. They have  launched rockets into Israel, killing innocent civilians. They have  declared that jihad is an obligation. That list goes on.   The Palestinian Authority, not only do they incite violence, but they  financially reward terror, by policy. If you kill an Israeli or an  American, you get called a martyr. You will have streets and football  stadiums renamed after you. You and your family will get paid money.   There are existential threats all around Israel. To the north, with  Hezbollah, another designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, they have  built terror tunnels. They have amassed tens of thousands of rockets on  the border between Lebanon and Israel.   Every year, Hamas mobilizes Palestinians in their Days of Rage to  attack Israelis at the border, calling on people to throw rocks and  fire missiles at Israel, which often result in actual violence,  including death, targeting innocent civilians.   This past May, Hamas fired approximately 700 rockets into Israel,  killing innocent civilians. Hamas has used incendiary kites and  balloons, which have destroyed some 8,000 acres of Israeli farms,  parks, and forests.   Earlier this year, Hamas carried out the Salift operation, sending  out operatives to murder Israelis, including Rabbi Achiad Ettinger, a  father of 12.   Where are all the BDS supporters in the United States, on college  campuses, people who are involved in American politics, those who are  at the United Nations, those who are abroad? Where is their voice right  now? If everything that they say about their cause is legitimate and  reasonable, that their concern is one that the entire world should be  taking heed of and caution to, where is their voice condemning all the  actual violence right now of Palestinian terrorists murdering innocent  Israelis and, in some cases, Americans?   Taylor Force--the Taylor Force Act that this Chamber passed and was  signed into law--he was a United States Military Academy graduate, an  Army veteran, a United States Army veteran, who was killed. The PA pays  those terrorists and their families to commit those terrorist acts.   We are here in this Chamber to call that out for exactly what it is,  in bipartisan fashion.   I appreciate Chairman Engel's work at the Foreign Affairs Committee.  I see  [[Page H7187]]  Chairman Deutch is still here, along with many other voices around this  Capitol who believe strongly in this effort on the other side of the  aisle. We need to work together to combat the BDS movement. This is an  important next step.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, with regard to the BDS movement, the supporters make  territorial claims as it relates to Gaza, Judea and Samaria, the West  Bank.   Let's clear up the record a little more on that. Judea and Samaria,  often referred to as the West Bank, contain disputed territory, not  occupied territory. Israel ended up with this territory after it was  attacked, before there was even a Palestinian Authority. Time and  again, the PA has rejected peace proposals because they refuse,  publicly and privately, to accept a Jewish state in Israel. That is on  them. In 2008, Israel offered to withdraw from 93 percent from Judea  and Samaria.   As for Gaza, Hamas, a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization, they  are in charge. There is no Israeli occupation there. This small strip  of land is packed out with 1.7 million people living in sub-Third World  country conditions because of Hamas. As was pointed out earlier, Hamas  refuses humanitarian aid, uses women and children as human shields,  calls jihad as an obligation, and murders innocent civilians.    One of the most important reasons we are here today is not only  making a strong statement in opposition to the BDS movement but also to  refute all the lies that are being told out there.   People will speak up to try to justify the hate that is filling the  ranks of the BDS movement, and they will never tell you the other 100  percent of the story. This Chamber today comes together, Republicans  and Democrats, both sides of the aisle, to make that powerful  statement.   There is a list of victims--we don't have enough time to go through  it--of Palestinian violence and terrorism in 2019. Mr. Speaker, 1,355  people have been killed by Palestinian violence and terrorism since  September of 2000--1,355 people.   Never will the BDS supporters take any opportunity to set the record  straight on any of that, but we will here.   I see that Brad Schneider is with us as well, the main author of the  bill. This is a bipartisan effort that I am very proud to be part of  today.   Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues for speaking today, as well  as Chris Smith and Minority Whip Scalise. This is something that we are  very passionate about.   We also believe that the strong statement that is going to be made  here today with this vote is not the last step of this Chamber's  speaking out. I really hope that we all can work together in a  bipartisan fashion to figure out how to do something about it, to be  able to pass legislation with teeth.   Today is nothing short of progress, and it is something for all of us  to be proud of around our country and around the world because it  should be an American value to stand strong, shoulder to shoulder with  our great ally, our greatest ally in the Middle East in Israel. It is a  beacon of hope, freedom, liberty, and opportunity.   Americans, in our day-to-day lives, don't even realize just how much  we are using Israeli technology, American companies that have used  Israeli technology. We probably have used it multiple times just today.   You can't boycott Israel and, at the same exact time, spend your  entire day using Israeli technology. You can't boycott Israel and  travel to Israel.   We are going to call out the hypocrisies that exist. Ultimately, as  we flush this out, let's work together. This is about advocacy. It is  also about education.   When I came to Congress in 2015, honestly, there were a lot of  Members of Congress that, if you asked them, ``Where do you stand on  the BDS movement?'' their answer would have been, ``What is BDS?''   Now, in 2019, here we are, July 2019, coming together. We know what  BDS is: Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement. We know it is  filled with anti-Israel hate. We know it is about delegitimizing  Israel. We know that it is filled with anti-Semitism, from the founder  of BDS to those in the name of BDS on college campuses from coast to  coast.   I plead with all of my colleagues, if we can all work together as we  move past this great vote today, that we can next pass legislation that  has teeth in it.   Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, Brad Schneider, Jerry Nadler, Ann  Wagner, the 350 cosponsors, and, hopefully, everyone today voting  ``yes.'' I thank lead Republican   Michael McCaul on the House Foreign  Affairs Committee.   This is a resolution for us all to be proud of. We should all vote  ``yes,'' tell all of our constituents about it, and redouble our  efforts to do something about it right after that vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   