 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  2420, the National Museum of the American Latino Act.  [[Page H8254]]    As the lead Republican on this bill, I believe it is my solemn  obligation to champion the gospel of the American Latino, not only in  Texas, not only in Congress, but across the globe.   When you walk down the historic National Mall, a sense of patriotism  overwhelms every American spirit. We proudly celebrate our history, our  ingenuity. We proudly celebrate the arts and sciences. We acknowledge  our sins against our fellow man. We honor centuries' worth of heroic  acts to bring peace to the world.   But for nearly 60 million Americans, there is a void when they visit  The National Mall, a hole in the quilt of America's fabric. That is why  we need a National Museum of the American Latino.   For it is the Latino who has joined fellow Americans in taking up  arms against oppression in defense of democracy in every war since the  American Revolution; it is the Latino who has contributed extensively  to our Nation's history and culture; and it is the American Latino,  through innovation and a thirst for knowledge, who will help propel the  United States into realms never imagined by our forefathers.   Madam Speaker, I remind my colleagues present that the America we  cherish in our hearts would be a shell of what she is today if it were  not for the selfless contributions of the American Latino.   This week, the Natural Resources Committee has taken a critical step  toward the eternal immortalization of the American Latino. This  committee has recognized that the American image was painted by the  broad strokes of patriotic Latinos. This committee has acknowledged the  need to champion the accolades of American Latinos past, present, and  future.   Madam Speaker, I hope every Member of this body will stand alongside  Congressman Serrano, Congressman Cardenas, and I as we work to  establish a foundation for the National Museum of the American Latino.   