 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 3 weeks ago, a small number of U.S.  Special Forces were working with our Syrian Kurdish partners to conduct  operations against ISIS and hold more than 10,000 detainees, many of  them hardened ISIS fighters. It was a product of a half decade of hard  work by American and coalition forces and the Kurds to degrade ISIS, to  put them on the run, and stabilize the postconflict region.   Today, only 3 weeks later, as American troops continue their  withdrawal from their bases in northern Syria at the President's  orders, President Putin and President Erdogan have announced a plan to  establish Russian and Turkish control of a region that was once  controlled by American and Kurdish forces. Our partners, the Syrian  Kurds, have been killed and wounded in Erdogan's invasion and forced to  leave their homes in droves. Most importantly, the upper hand we once  held over ISIS has been eroded.   We don't know how many ISIS detainees have escaped from detention  facilities or where they have gone. There seems to be no articulable  plan on how to get them back. In the blink of an eye, President Trump  has undone over 5 years of progress against the Islamic State.   Three weeks after first announcing the troop withdrawal, the  President does not seem to have a clear strategy for securing the  enduring defeat of ISIS and fixing the mess he has created in Syria.  Secretary of State Pompeo does not have a clear strategy. Secretary of  Defense Esper does not have a clear strategy. Every day it seems like  we are going in a completely different direction. One day, reports  indicate the administration was considering a residual force in eastern  Syria; the next report says the administration planned to target ISIS  from Iraq. The next minute, reports said Iraq will not allow our forces  to do that.   What is the strategy here? America's security is at risk. ISIS is  dangerous. ISIS is escaping. How will the administration continue to  bring the fight to ISIS? What will the President do to prevent Russian  and Turkish aggression and the potential slaughter of our allies and  friends, the Kurds? When will the administration present its strategy  to Congress?   We need answers to these questions right away, but, shockingly, the  administration's top officials, Secretary of State Pompeo, Secretary of  Defense Esper, have now canceled two scheduled briefings with the  Senate, and there is no new time on the calendar.  [[Page S6055]]    Secretary of State Pompeo apparently had time to speak to the  Heritage Foundation yesterday, which is four blocks away from the  Capitol, but he doesn't have time to come to Congress, not even to  brief us on Syria?   Secretary Pompeo is derelict in his duty. He has an obligation to  come here. It is not a question of time if he spoke four blocks away at  the Heritage Foundation. He is ducking. We need answers, and if they  don't have answers, we need to have a Q and A, a dialogue, and maybe  that will push them to some answers. It is too dangerous for America to  sit and do nothing--to run and hide, as Secretary Pompeo is now doing.   Today Senate Democrats are holding a special caucus to hear from  Brett McGurk, the former government envoy in charge of countering ISIS  under both Presidents Obama and Trump. While I expect Mr. McGurk's  presentation to be helpful to our caucus, it does not replace the need  for the Trump administration and its officials to come to Congress and  explain their strategy.   At the same time, we should send a message to the President that both  parties oppose his policy in Syria. The House has passed such a  resolution on an overwhelming bipartisan vote, including the Republican  leaders like Leader McCarthy, Representative Scalise, and  Representative Cheney.   I have asked the Senate twice now to take up the House resolution,  only to be blocked by a single Republican Member. I continue to believe  the quickest and most powerful way to convince the President that he is  on the wrong track is for Congress to put a bipartisan, joint  resolution on his desk saying so. That is what the House resolution  does, and the Senate should take it up and pass it.   We all know it is hard to shake the President from his thoughts and  ideas, even when they are creating such disaster. His ego is enormous,  but the one thing we can do is our Republican colleagues joining us in  a resolution that reaches his desk. When Republican colleagues  criticized him about Doral, he backed off. It is the only thing that  can get him to change, and America is at risk.   Why aren't our Republican colleagues stepping forward? Do they care  more about protecting President Trump than protecting America? I hope  not.   I yield the floor.   