 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join my colleague opposite in support of  this particular resolution. I am actually an original cosponsor of H.  Con. Res. 16, which authorizes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the  annual National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor  Guard Pipe Band Exhibition.   Now, this year we will be honoring those fallen soldiers, including  more than 150 who died in the line of duty in 2018; and eight, Mr.  Speaker, are from my home State of North Carolina. I would like to  recognize them right now.   They are: Officer Jason B. Quick of the Lumberton Police Department;  Officer Jared Franks of the Greensboro Police Department; Corporal  Travis Wells from the Dallas Police Department; Trooper Kevin K. Conner  of the North Carolina Highway Patrol; Trooper Samuel N. Bullard of the  North Carolina Highway Patrol; Senior Police Officer Christopher  Driver; Deputy Sheriff David L. Manning of Edgecombe County; and Deputy  Sheriff Alexis Locklear.   It is with sadness that I recognize them, but in honor of their great  service, Mr. Speaker, this resolution demonstrates our bipartisan  support, not only for the men and women in law enforcement who put  their lives on the line each and every day, who leave their families to  serve their community, but the broader family of law enforcement in  general.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, seeing that the gentlewoman has no additional speakers,  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 19 that indeed  authorizes the use of the Capitol Grounds for the annual Greater  Washington Soap Box Derby on June the 15th.   Now, Mr. Speaker, I am being very clear: had I not risen in support  of this, the gentleman from Maryland would have given me what for, not  today, not tomorrow, but from now until the end of time. So I recognize  the gentleman from Maryland's unyielding support for this particular  effort and I join him in that. I certainly also recognize his desire to  really support the youth that get involved in this.   I have been one of the few Members of Congress, other than the  gentleman I just referred to, to actually witness these races.   We don't have those, Mr. Speaker, in North Carolina. I live in the  mountains. If you start a soap box derby up there, we would end up in  Atlanta, Georgia, by the time we were finished.   I can tell you we are very pleased to help. The mission of the Soap  Box Derby is to build knowledge and character and to teach fair and  honest competition. Indeed, it does exactly that.   As the gentlewoman has expressed, it has been around since 1934.   Carrying on this time-honored tradition allows children to  demonstrate their dedication and creativity.   Winners from this local competition will actually go on to other  races and compete, hopefully, at the world championship in Akron, Ohio.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I want to reiterate my support for this  particular resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I was very jovial early on, but I want to get serious  for just a moment. On this floor, you will see passionate debate,  oftentimes, that is divided by this center aisle. Yet, on this  particular issue and others like them, the Boys and Girls Club and  other things that actually minister to the needs of children in our  Nation, the gentleman from Maryland is not only an advocate, he is a  champion.   I want to recognize that this day and thank the gentleman from  Maryland for his leadership, not only on this but on a number of things  that affect our youth in this great country.   Today, we are unanimous in support of promoting that future  generation, and I thank the gentleman for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1331, the Local Water  Protection Act. I thank my colleague from Minnesota (Mrs. Craig) for  her leadership and my good friend from Florida (Mr. Mast) for  introducing this important bill.   H.R. 1331 reauthorizes the Environmental Protection Agency's section  319, which is a nonpoint source pollution control program under the  Clean Water Act. Indeed, the section 319 program takes a cooperative,  nonregulatory approach toward addressing nonpoint sources.  [[Page H3110]]    Reauthorizing this program reinforces the Federal leadership being  provided to help our State and local partners in their nonpoint source  control efforts. This program has benefited water bodies all across the  country, including in my district.   For example, when agricultural runoff impaired the Mills River, a  source of drinking water for more than 50,000 people in western North  Carolina, the North Carolina Division of Water Quality used $450,000 of  the section 319 grant to restore the Mills River and remove it from the  State's impaired list in 2006.   There are hundreds more success stories from States across the Nation  where the section 319 program has addressed nonpoint sources and  restored water bodies.   For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I support this program. I urge all  Members to support the passage of H.R. 1331, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast), the sponsor of this particular  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support.   I thank the leadership of the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Mrs. Craig)  and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast), and I urge all of my  colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler)  for her leadership on this legislation. Nothing is so valuable as  someone who looks at a problem, sees the problem, and then endeavors to  fix it, and that is exactly what the gentlewoman has done.  [[Page H3112]]    H.R. 639 clarifies language that was passed in the National Urban  Search and Rescue Response System Act of 2016 to ensure, as the  gentlewoman was saying, that the Urban Search and Rescue Response Task  Force can include Federal employees.   FEMA's National Urban Search and Rescue Response System was  established in 1989. The system is composed of some 28 task force  teams, and the teams include members from the Federal, State, local,  and private sector, all of those personnel responding together to meet  the needs in times of disaster.   The teams are locally supported but can be called up by FEMA when a  disaster strikes. These men and women are the ones who head into  collapsed buildings and conduct search and rescue missions to save  disaster survivors.   For a long time, the committee worked to clarify protections for  these team members who put their lives literally on the line to serve  their community; and, in 2016, Congress passed the National Urban  Search and Rescue Response Systems Act to do just that. However, there  was one technical fix that needed to happen to make sure that Federal  participants in these teams can continue to be deployed as part of  these task forces.   I want to thank the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler) for her  leadership there because this bill, indeed, does clarify this. I would  suggest that it should have tremendous bipartisan support.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler) for her explanation of  what this bill does.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs.  Hartzler) for her leadership.   It is a good testimony for all of America when we see the efforts of  our first responders coming from Missouri to North Carolina, coming  from North Carolina to California, and in between.   Mr. Speaker, we need to understand that they need our support. This  is an important piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   