 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, every President since 1952 has signed a  national declaration declaring a National Day of Prayer. It is  bipartisan cooperation to recognize people who pray and who set aside  time to spend time with God and pray for the Nation. Quite frankly, for  us as a party and as a body and as a nation, it is a good thing to  pause.   This year, on May 2, with the theme ``Love One Another,'' we will  again have a National Day of Prayer. There is not a requirement for  Americans to pray. There is not a requirement for people to direct  themselves to pray by a certain method at a certain location. It is  just a call to the Nation to say that we have great needs as a country.   As we watch the attacks on synagogues in our country, as we watch  bombings of Christians in Sri Lanka, gun battles that have erupted in  churches in the United States, mosques that have been attacked, people  of faith being targeted simply because of their faith, it is reasonable  for us as a nation to pause and say ``How are we doing?'' as this  year's theme is ``Love One Another.''   We as a nation have a long history of prayer. Hanging in the Rotunda  in this Capitol Building is a painting called the Embarkation of the  Pilgrims. That painting depicts the beginning of America. It has been  hanging in that same spot in the Rotunda since 1843. The painting is  simply of a group of people on a deck of a ship leaving out from Europe  and huddled around an open Bible and praying. The painting was designed  and created to depict how America began in the 1600s--people on the  deck of a ship, around an open Bible, praying.   That is still something I would encourage Americans of faith to stop  and do, and it is still one of the most humbling experiences that I  experience each time someone from my State of Oklahoma catches me, as  someone did this morning, and says: Every day, my wife and I pray for  you.   It is not a terrible thing to do as a nation--to love and pray for  each other and for the future direction of our country.   If I can model for the Nation for just a moment in my own way and  encourage the Nation on our National Day of  [[Page S2537]]  Prayer to pause and pray, I would simply say this:   Let us pray as a nation.   Father, guide us. We need Your help. The controversy, the division in  our Nation, the anger, the struggle. Help us to be able to love one  another. Help us to be able to see each other as You have created us  and to respect You, Your wisdom, and Your guidance. Father, we admit  that we do not know as much as You, so we need Your help. We need Your  insight.   For our first responders and our military scattered around this  Nation and around the world, we pray for Your protection for them. We  pray that You would give them insight to help them to represent us  well.   For members of our State Department, members in our government who  are scattered around the Earth, members of our intelligence community  and others who serve us every day, God, would You guide them and would  You protect them in their tasks and give them the insight they need.   For Federal employees who serve our Nation each day and for members  of our Nation who are finding ways to serve each other in our  communities, would You help us this day to love one another and to be  able to set the tone for a world that is watching us as a nation.   Help us represent well, You, who You have called us to be as  individuals.   In the Name of Jesus, I pray. Amen.   