 Madam Speaker, I thank both my friend from California and  my friend from Indiana, who really did amazing work on this  legislation--not once, but twice, and probably a few times in between-- to get it to this point.   I am delighted to stand on this House floor once again and support  PAHPA, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing  Innovation Act.   This is really important. I think my colleagues have spoken of the  specific reasons that we can talk about here on the House floor. In the  classified settings that we have had, we all know how serious this  threat is and how important it is for us to work together to address  it, and we have done that in the last Congress and now in this  Congress.   So, I want to thank my friend Mr. Pallone, who chairs the committee  now, for continuing this effort to advance this bill forward, and  especially thank Representatives Brooks and Eshoo for their tireless  work to really get this across the finish line.   PAHPA does enable critical partnerships between the Federal  Government and State and local authorities and the private sector. This  will help ensure that our country is responsibly prepared for and able  to respond to public health emergencies.   It is not a matter of if, as everyone said already, but when the next  pandemic or emergency will strike. From pandemic flu to cybersecurity  incidents, our government agencies at all levels must have the tools to  respond to these threats, and we must make sure they have them.   In my own State of Oregon, we face a constant threat from wildfires,  floods, air quality issues, and other things. But we also have begun to  prepare for what we are told will be a devastating earthquake at some  point, known as Cascadia, which could take thousands of lives in Oregon  and leave behind tens of billions of dollars worth of damage and  disable our major airport, take down bridges. Basically, everybody on  the west side of the State would have to come over to the east side.  This is predicted. Earthquakes have happened before; recorded history  shows it; and we are overdue.    So this is the kind of legislation that would help. It would make  sure that they can put a pallet load of the right drugs and medicines  on a plane and get it right there, and they will have a system all  ready to distribute that. That is just one of many things that this  legislation accomplishes.   Sending this to the President's desk is long overdue. I am glad we  are going to have this vote today. Our government officials need these  tools at their disposal, and I thank my colleagues for the terrific  work they have done to get us to this point.   