 Madam Chair, I thank Mr. Gosar and the Congressional  Western Caucus for bringing further attention to the scourge that is  chronic wasting disease.   At the beginning of this Congress, I introduced H.R. 837, which would  require the USDA and the Department of the Interior to collaborate with  the National Academy of Sciences to study the predominant pathways and  mechanisms for the transmission of chronic wasting disease in cervid  populations.   There is a lot of CWD research out there--some good, some not so  good. What we need is an authoritative and comprehensive scientific  consensus on how chronic wasting disease spreads. This study will allow  us to pursue the most effective methods to fight CWD, but we cannot do  this without the proper resources.   I thank the committee and the subcommittee chairs, ranking members,  and staff for increasing CWD funding and for providing language that  encourages greater scientific collaboration within the Federal  Government. This will set us on the right path to understanding how CWD  infects and how it spreads, and it will give the foundation of  knowledge we need to build the right policy.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.    Mr. Chair, section 117 of this bill is just another  example of the anti-American energy agenda being pushed by this  Democratic majority.   The draft Outer Continental Shelf leasing program proposed by the  Trump administration is actually a forward-looking energy policy that  takes full advantage of our vast offshore oil and gas resources. This  includes expanding lease sales in the eastern Gulf of Mexico in a  manner that does not interfere with our critical defense mission.   In fact, fully utilizing our offshore mineral resources in the Gulf  is vital to our national defense because it will make the U.S. more  energy independent and will let us continue to be the worldwide leader  in energy production.   The draft proposal in this program will also create thousands of jobs  and boost economies of energy-producing States like Louisiana.   We should not delay offshore mineral leasing. Any attempt by the  Democrats to stop an America- and Louisiana-first energy policy should  be fought tooth and nail.   Mr. Chair, I thank my good friend for offering this amendment to  strike section 117, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   