 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from  Virginia for his advocacy on this critical measure, and I support him  on it and also for his advocacy on the FIRE Act. It is very similar to  the measure on which I am going to ask for unanimous consent. He has  done wonderful and dedicated work on both measures.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of S.  1247; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I truly regret the objection by my  colleague. I regret even more the reasons for his objection,  characterizing the threat of Russia interference as hysteria.   Well, I suggest that my friend from Kentucky spend a little bit of  time--it will not take a lot--with members of the intelligence  community, any member of the intelligence community, all the members of  the intelligence community, who agree unanimously that the threat of  Russian interference is real. In fact, it is ongoing.   That is the warning we have received from the CIA, the Director of  National Intelligence, and, most pointedly, from the Director of the  FBI. They have warned us, in no uncertain terms, that the Russians are  interfering now, spreading disinformation, creating false accounts and  sites and that they are planning to do it even more intensely. It is  not only the Russians but other nations.   That was the warning of Robert Mueller when he said that the  Russians' interference in our last election was sweeping and systematic  and that they were doing it again and we need to pay attention to it.   That is exactly what my colleagues and I have been doing for the past  few days, raising for floor consideration various election securities  bills. We have done it not only in the last few days but for months-- the PAVE Act, the Honest Ads Act, the SHIELD Act, but my colleague from  Kentucky says it is hysteria.   Well, it is a well-founded fear based on fact. As one of our former  colleagues, Daniel Patrick Moynihan, once said: People are entitled to  their own opinions; they are not entitled to their own facts. The facts  here are indisputable, set forth in numbing detail by the Mueller  report but also by the intelligence community, independently, in the  hearings that have been conducted by various of our committees, in open  and public, in Armed Services and Judiciary, and also behind closed  doors. Some of them the intelligence community--which produced a  report, most recently by the Senate Intelligence Committee, a  bipartisan report, showing how the Russians scan every single State to  penetrate them, seeking to disrupt them, and that is an absolutely  chilling fact-based, evidence-founded prospect that we need to counter,  and that is the reason my colleagues and I have come to the floor for  these measures. A number of them I have been proud to cosponsor and  helped to lead.   The one that brings me here now is the Duty to Report Act, S. 1247,  and it  [[Page S6142]]  very simply says there is a duty to report. If there is an illegal  offer of assistance, if anyone knows of an illegal acceptance of  assistance from a foreign leader or foreign national or foreign  government, there is a duty to tell the FBI or some other law  enforcement official.   The plain fact is our elections are under attack, and 2016 was only a  dress rehearsal.   Just this week, talk about hysteria, Facebook banned dozens of fake  Russian and Iranian accounts attempting to spread misinformation and  disinformation to Americans--the purpose: to disrupt the 2020 election.   It isn't necessarily an ad for one candidate or another. It may be an  ad that seeks to suppress the vote. The point is, that attack will  continue, and opposition to it is based on hysteria about the potential  political implications.   What saddens and angers me is that our Commander in Chief--not just  some of our colleagues--refuses to believe that our elections were  attacked and will be again. He is actively working to undermine our  democracy.   The President's attempts to invite a foreign leader, the Ukrainian  President, to interfere in our democratic elections was a betrayal of  his oath of office and an abuse of power. It is an impeachable offense.  But it will occur again by others, as well as him, if we do not pass  measures like the Duty to Report Act.   It started with a whistleblower complaint, but now we have call notes  between the President and Ukraine President Zelensky, the corroborating  statements of multiple witnesses in the government, and President  Trump's own statements--his own words--on live television, admitting  that he did this. The transcript of his call chillingly shows how he  literally pressured and extorted the Ukrainian President, using the  threat of a cut or elimination of military aid vital to Ukrainian lives  and Ukrainian defense against an ongoing Russian attack, not to mention  the visit to the White House, also used as leverage with these 10  powerful words: ``I would like you to do us a favor though.'' The favor  was digging dirt on a political opponent through a full investigation  to favor himself over that opponent.   The invitation to interfere in our elections goes to the core of our  democratic institutions. It is literally condoning and, in fact,  inviting and encouraging an attack on our democratic institution, and  the President has said, when he was asked, that if he were offered  foreign assistance, he would take it. His son, during the last  campaign, was offered Russian assistance, and his response was: ``I  love it.''   That is not the appropriate response for the offer of an illegal act  of assistance. It should be to go to the FBI or another law enforcement  agency.   Every Republican should be asked to answer the question--in fact,  forced to answer this question: Is it acceptable to solicit or accept  the assistance of a foreign power to win an election?   We cannot allow this kind of practice to become the new normal. It is  already illegal to accept or solicit such an assistance from a foreign  government or leader, and what we want to do is make it illegal to fail  to report it.   Finally, as for my colleagues' objection that it would inhibit  somehow an active and honest campaign, someone who has reason to know  that there is an illegal offer of assistance and someone who knows that  that assistance is being solicited by his or her campaign or a member  of their family, certainly, should feel a duty to report as a matter of  simple patriotism and moral obligation, not to mention legal  responsibility.   With the 2020 Presidential election looming, we must stop this kind  of foreign interference. We must take active and effective measures  against it. We must ensure that the American people--not Russia or  China or Iran, and they are all gunning for our democratic  institution--decide who the leaders of this country will be and what  direction our democracy will take.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   