 Madam President, I rise today to honor the legacy of a  member of our greatest generation, the founder and first commander of  the West Virginia Air National Guard, a World War II veteran, an  American hero, and a friend of both of ours, retired Brig. Gen. James  Kemp McLaughlin.   He was born on December 7, 1918, in Braxton County, to James and  Almira McLaughlin. Kemp was a staunch leader with unparalleled  patriotism, and his devotion to God, State, and country was unmatched.  Gayle and I were honored to call him a friend, and I know I join so  many when I say that West Virginia has lost a shining star. He is  dearly missed.   Ever since the historic beginning of our State, we have never failed  to answer our country's call. No demand has been too great, no danger  too daunting, and no trial too threatening. Kemp took part in some of  the most important battles of World War II. Following his education at  West Virginia University, Kemp joined the U.S. Air Corps at age 23,  shortly before the attacks on Pearl Harbor, the day of his birthday.   He flew nearly 40 B-17 Flying Fortress bomber missions during the  war, including support for the troops on the beaches of Normandy in  1944. In 1934, Kemp led a 350-plane attack on a factory in Germany, a  raid that became known as Black Thursday. On too many occasions, Kent's  planes would be so damaged that it was a miracle he made it back safe.   His actions were instrumental in not only destroying Nazi efforts,  but as one of the ``Mighty'' 8th Air Force in Europe, he was also  instrumental in developing what is known as air superiority, a vital  factor in deciding the outcome of a modern conventional war. He paved  the way for all citizen airmen who strive to follow in his footsteps.   Kemp completed 39 combat missions during World War II and was awarded  the Distinguished Flying Cross four times. His vast experience aided  him years later when he was asked to lead the Air National Guard's  167th Fighter Squadron in Charleston, WV. When that squadron moved to  Martinsburg, Charleston's Guard unit became the 130th Airlift Wing.    Throughout the rest of his extraordinary life, Kemp continued to pay  homage to his fallen comrades and serve his community. He served as  Kanawha County commissioner and as a member of the West Virginia House  of Delegates. He is a legend here in West Virginia and was one of the  most selfless people that I have ever had the pleasure of calling a  dear friend.   As Governor, my most honored titled was that of commander-in-chief of  the Guard. I have seen firsthand how the Air National Guard protects  the citizens of West Virginia when we are in our most desperate hour of  need and how they protect our country when called upon to serve at the  command of the President of the United States. The integrity of our  Guard is due in large part to Kemp's legacy of excellence and his  commitment to seeing our Guard and our home State flourish.   When visitors come to West Virginia, I jump at the chance to tell  them we are home to the most hard-working and patriotic people in the  Nation. We have fought in more wars, shed more blood, and lost more  lives for the cause of freedom than most any other State. We have  always done the heavy lifting and never complained.   We have mined the coal and forged the steel that built the guns,  ships, and factories that have protected and continue to protect our  country to this day. I am so deeply proud of what West Virginians like  Kemp have accomplished and what they will continue to accomplish to  protect the freedoms we hold dear. We have every reason to be proud and  to stand tall knowing that West Virginia is the reason Americans sleep  peacefully at night.   Kemp is survived by his children, Laura, Mary, and Kemp, Jr., and  their grandchildren and great-grandchildren. I know he and Constance,  his lovely wife of nearly 50 years, are looking down on each of you and  all of us with a smile.   West Virginia is great because our people are great--Mountaineers who  will always be free. We are tough, independent, inventive, and honest,  our character shaped by the wilderness of our State--its rushing  streams, its boundless blue skies, its divine forests, and its majestic  mountains. We are West Virginians. Like the brave, loyal patriots who  made our State the 35th star on Old Glory, our love of God and country  and family and State is unshakeable.   I know that 20, 50, or another 156 years from now, that will always  remain the same. That legacy laid the groundwork for heroes like Kemp  McLaughlin, and now, he serves as an inspiration to all who wish to  follow in his footsteps and live a life filled with patriotism,  service, faith, and family.   There are so few of our American heroes left from Kemp's generation.  It is our responsibility and privilege to ensure that their service and  sacrifice is never forgotten. The sun will never set on Kemp's legacy  of service, his generosity, his love for his family, and his devotion  to God, our home State, and our beautiful country.   I know with the condolences of myself and you, Madam President, that  we will always remember and keep Kemp in our prayers.   Thank you, and God bless.   I yield the floor.   