 Madam President, I thank the senior Senator from West  Virginia for his time today, but, more importantly, as the Senator from  Virginia, Mr. Warner, said, Senator Manchin has fought harder than  anyone in this Chamber on behalf of men and women, whether they are  coal miners or their families or their spouses.   This is a very simple debate. It is not a debate about some far-off,  complex issue. This is about a promise--a promise that was made to coal  miners and their families in the 1940s.   The only question--a real simple question--is that we are either  going to keep the promise or not. It is as simple as that. Both  parties, both Houses, and the administration--this is not complicated.  We made substantial progress, but it took far too long, and there are  some people in this Chamber who have been blocking it for far too long  on healthcare. We got that done. That is the good news.   The bad news is, the pension issue is still unresolved. There is  still a lot of suffering, a lot of uncertainty, a lot of trauma because  two branches of government haven't done enough for these families.   I come from a State where large portions of our State were dependent  upon the sweat and the blood of working men and women, especially coal  miners. Stephen Crane, the great novelist, wrote an essay in the early  1900s--actually late 1800s--about all of the dangers in a coal mine and  all of the ways a miner could die. He described the mine as a place of  ``inscrutable darkness'' and ``a soundless place of tangible  loneliness.'' That is how he described the work of the coal miner.   I know we made progress in the intervening generation since then, but  that work has always been difficult. It has always been dark and  dangerous, but the people who did it kept their promise. They kept  their promise to their employer to work every day and kept their  promise to their family. Many of them kept their promise to their  country when they served in World War II or Korea or Vietnam or any  conflict after that, even up to the present day--but especially those  who were serving in those years.   The only question is whether this government and all of us here--and  both parties are on the hook here--whether we are going to keep our  promise along with this administration and any future administration.  It is as simple as that.   We have some work to do here to make sure that promise is fulfilled.  These families, these miners have already kept their promise. They are  done. This isn't something extra we are giving them.   All we are doing is our part. We are obligated here, and I am  grateful that the senior Senator from West Virginia and others have  worked together to make sure that this issue is front and center, even  as we are dealing with a range of other issues.   I yield the floor.   