 Mr. President, I know I am not in the right order, but  since we have a gap here, I thought I would just jump in.   I am honored to be here today for the Johnny Isakson memorial tribute  part two. Being the lower person in the Senate on the totem pole here,  I didn't get a chance to talk last week, but I did sit through the  Senators' remarks, which I found very compelling.   I have found Johnny Isakson to be very compelling. You know, there  are times when you watch a movie or a TV show, and there are these  special moments when two people meet, and there is one person who has  that spark, who has that magic, and when they touch, when they embrace  with a hug or a shake of the hands, all of a sudden, the other person  realizes they are talking to somebody very special. That is Johnny  Isakson. That moment is built around Johnny Isakson.   From the first time I had the chance to meet him on January 3, 2018,  I knew all of those things that are being said about his  bipartisanship, about his friendliness, and about how he wants to work  with people and how he cares about people were absolutely true. I could  tell by the first handshake and the ``Welcome to the Senate, Doug.''   I will say that I think meeting me and having that spark was a real  test  [[Page S6979]]  of Senator Isakson more than anybody in this body because you have to  understand that when we first met, it was about 5 days before his  beloved Georgia Bulldogs were going to face the University of Alabama  in the national championship game.   For those who don't know this, I am telling you, you can think of  ``partisanship'' and ``tribalism'' as political terms here in  Washington, DC, but if you ain't experienced football partisanship and  football tribalism as far as SEC rivals, you ain't experienced nothing.  So the fact that Johnny Isakson embraced me, a Democrat from his  neighboring State of Alabama, was very, very special and something I  will always cherish.   I truly mean that, Johnny. I have watched you as a member of the HELP  Committee with me. I have watched you in so many hearings and listened  to you and your wisdom. That wisdom often came from personal  experiences. Whether it was business or education or whether it was the  tragedy with your grandson, everything about what you have done in the  U.S. Senate has been personal.   I think that is something we should all strive to do. Everything we  do in this body needs to be personal because for all of our  constituents, it is personal to us. It is personal to our States and  personal to everyone, but we don't always seem to act that way. A lot  of times, we act in a way that it seems to be more political than  personal. I have never seen that in Senator Isakson. I have seen that  time and again, where everything he has spoken about--whether or not I  agreed with him was not the issue. I could tell that what he was  speaking of was personal, that it meant something to him, and that he  knew how it was going to affect those in the State of Georgia and  across the United States.   I can remember last year when we were moving toward trying to find a  way to help farmers in south Georgia and south Alabama who had been so  devastated by Hurricane Michael. This was crossing party lines. He and  Senator Perdue and I talked a lot about how this was affecting people  and people's lives and how frustrating it was for all of us to see the  politics kind of take over for a period of--I don't know--4 or 5 months  while these farmers suffered. That is the Johnny Isakson who reaches  across the aisle. That is the Johnny Isakson who cares about people.  That is the Johnny Isakson who goes to funerals and sits in the back of  the room and then works to make sure he does the right thing for all  those who could be affected.   Johnny, I am going to miss you a lot. I enjoy our talks about  football. I enjoy kidding you. I enjoy your ribbing me. But more  importantly, I just enjoy the camaraderie. I enjoy the warmth, the  feeling that I belong here. I, a Democrat from Alabama, belong in this  body--maybe not after 2020. I ain't going to push you that far, Johnny,  OK? I get that. But for me, there has always been a sense that you  belong in this body and you have a voice, and it is an important voice.  We need more of that.   We need to make sure everything Johnny Isakson said is remembered in  this body. We are about to go through some rough seas. The ship of  state, as I have said before, is about to chart some rough seas. We  need to remember the words of Senator Isakson as he leaves this body to  make sure we continue to do the work.   I think what we have done these last couple of weeks is reflective of  the legacy of Johnny Isakson. Whereas what was going on in the House  and what was dominating in the media--we still got an NDAA done, we  still got the FUTURE Act done, and we are still, over in the House,  negotiating USMCA. Things in this body can work if we work together and  we make sure that whatever happens after the first of the year does not  interfere with our ability to relate to each other and to our  constituents and for the people of America.   Johnny, I have been honored and privileged to serve with you. It will  always be one of the greatest honors in my life to have been able to  have served in this body with you. I wish you and your family nothing  but the best in the future. I hope that you will continue to contact me  during the football games and throughout so that we can commiserate the  good, the bad, and the ugly about Georgia and Alabama football. I love  you, and I appreciate you. Thank God you have been here.   I yield the floor.   