 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the weekend, Indiana lost a giant in  Richard G. Lugar. Senator Lugar spent 36 years as a Member of this  body, and I rise today to celebrate his life, which made the world a  better, safer place to live.   I had the pleasure in the early 2000s to work on Senator Lugar's  staff, and I had a front row seat to history, watching a true statesman  at work. He stood by me as I took my oath right here in this Chamber. I  will never forget his support of me and of so many others throughout  the years.   Senator Lugar's reserved and quiet demeanor sometimes might have led  people to believe he was something less than competitive. In truth, he  was one of the most competitive people I have ever encountered. Senator  Lugar was a runner, and his office competed every year in the Capital  Challenge, the competitive race between legislative staffs. Senator  Lugar had a member of his staff actually track everyone's time and  their improvement, or lack thereof, from year to year. I think that  spreadsheet still exists somewhere today. When I was going through the  hiring process to be a legislative assistant in the Senator's office, I  went through the normal series of questions--my academic background, my  professional experiences, my policy knowledge, my interest in working  in the office. But at the very end of the interview, the Senator asked  me a pointed question. He led into the question by indicating that he  had seen listed some hobbies on my resume, and one of those hobbies was  running. So he asked me pointedly: How fast can you run 3 miles? I  quickly told him I thought I could break 18 minutes. A half hour later,  I got a phone call saying I was hired. Looking back, I am not so sure  it was because of my policy chops.   I learned a lot working for this man. I fondly remember his penchant  for ice cream and the stacks and stacks of books in his office. I  believe he read every one.   Senator Lugar would from time to time invite staff members or interns  to run with him on the Mall. There was one rule: Never ever run in  front of the Senator. He was, after all, a leader, a Rhodes Scholar, a  Navy veteran, mayor of Indianapolis where he spurred economic growth,  which is still spoken of today, by consolidating the city and county  governments into Unigov.   As a U.S. Senator, he led on food security, energy independence, and  free trade. At a time when nuclear proliferation was regarded as  civilization's greatest threat, Senator Lugar helped save the world.  The Nunn-Lugar Act, for which he is most well known, has led to the  securing and destruction of thousands of weapons of mass destruction  and delivery devices.   Dick Lugar was a very shrewd politician until his last days. His  instincts were very good. I know this from personal experience. In  fact, last year, he and I did a forum together at Indiana University.  Present on the panel were a former World Food Prize winner, the leader  of an international NGO, Senator Lugar, and I. After formal  presentations were done and some questions were asked by the moderator,  questions were opened up to the audience. Some particularly difficult  questions were tendered initially, and whenever one of those questions  was asked, Senator Lugar would put on that trademark smile of his--and  everyone back  [[Page S2501]]  home knows what I am talking about. He would just look over at me and  let the junior Senator from Indiana field that question. After about  three or four times, I decided it was his turn, so I tried to use his  method right back at him. He simply smiled back at me until I couldn't  stand the silence anymore. I was the first to break. The man still had  the gift. The entire audience laughed. He was not to be underestimated.   He was not to be underestimated as a boss in the impact he could have  on a young, idealistic staffer looking for role models in public life.  He was not to be underestimated as a mentor who understood that the  most important thing a leader can do is to simply set a good example-- comport yourself in a way that others might want to model. He was not  to be underestimated as a human being. Richard Lugar had a heart. He  ran for office not to be somebody, but to do things, important things  to improve the lives of hundreds of millions--in the end, billions of  people around the world.   Dick Lugar was the gold standard. He leaves a legacy as an exemplar  of wisdom, civility, and bipartisanship. Always staying true to his  temperament, he was a quiet man, a dignified statesman. He thought  before he spoke. He emphasized substance over personality. In short, he  set the bar for public leaders, and he set it high. I would go further  and say that he set the bar high for leaders, more generally.   We should all look to Dick Lugar. We should all learn from his  example.   I am not sure we will ever see another Richard Lugar. I sure pray we  do. May God watch over him and his family during this difficult time.   I yield the floor.   