 Mr. President, I rise today with my colleague from Ohio,  Sherrod Brown, to mark the bicentennial anniversary of the birth of  Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise. Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise founded the Central  Conference of American Rabbis in 1889, and this year, its members are  celebrating the 130th anniversary of its establishment at their annual  convention in my hometown of Cincinnati, OH. Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise is  widely acknowledged as one of the fathers of American Reform Judaism.  We would like to recognize the bicentennial anniversary of Rabbi Isaac  Mayer Wise's birth, as well as his extraordinary professional  achievements, which have had an indelible effect on the religious life  of the American nation.   He created three major American institutions, all still vibrant  today: the Union of American Hebrew Congregations, now the Union for  Reform Judaism, in 1873; the Hebrew Union College, HUC, in 1875; and  the Central Conference of American Rabbis, CCAR, in 1889. As founding  president and faculty member of HUC for 25 years, Wise shaped and  established Jewish seminary education in America. As CCAR president, he  guided a fledgling American rabbinate to take its place within the  broader American clergy as equal partners. Celebrating the 130th  anniversary of its founding in 2019, the CCAR is today the world's  oldest and largest rabbinical association.   In 1854, Wise founded and edited a weekly newspaper, the Israelite-- later, The American Israelite--in Cincinnati. The following year, Wise  founded and edited a German language newspaper, ``Die Deborah.'' Wise  was also a scholar and educator. He authored over a dozen volumes, both  fiction and nonfiction, many of which dealt with intergroup relations  and the place of the Jew within American society.   It is a deep source of pride to us and so many Ohioans that the roots  of Reform Judaism run through Cincinnati and endure there. We are so  proud of Hebrew Union College and all who serve there and learn there  now, and we know that all leads back to the man we honor today, Rabbi  Isaac Mayer Wise.   Isaac Mayer Wise was an American icon. His writings have been studied  by scholars of many disciplines and backgrounds and we are proud to  recognize him today.   