 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representatives Deutch and Buchanan  for this bill. I am very excited to be able to vote for it today.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the PACT Act, and am grateful for  the support that it has. As a longtime animal lover and advocate, and  somebody who worked to take care of the puppy mill issues that we have  in my own State of Iowa, I know more than anybody that there is nothing  like bringing animals to the forefront that brings people together.   This is absolutely a bipartisan issue. And while the Animal Crush  Video Prohibition Act prohibits trade in obscene video depictions of  live animals being tortured, as Representative Deutch said, the bill  did nothing to prohibit the underlying conduct of the cruelty itself.  This is what the PACT Act does.   It strengthens the animal crush video law by prohibiting animal  cruelty, regardless of whether a video is produced. There is documented  connection between animal cruelty and violence to people. In fact,  studies show animal abusers are five times more likely to commit  violent crimes against people, and it is linked to domestic violence,  as well as child and elder abuse.   The PACT Act gives Federal law enforcement and prosecutors the tools  they need to combat extreme animal cruelty and to protect our  communities at the same time. Whether it is the veterinarian in my own  State of Iowa--ranked 49th when it comes to animal welfare laws--who  was recently arrested for debarking dogs by shoving rod-like objects  into their vocal chambers without anesthesia, or whether it is in my  neighboring State of Nebraska, where a man was recently accused of  severely burning a cat by holding it under water, scalding hot water,  across this country, people are torturing animals and it absolutely has  to stop.   So tomorrow, on Make a Dog's Day, which is in support of encouraging  dog adoption, let's do these companion animal friends of ours one  better by a unanimous vote for the PACT Act today and put an end to the  horrible acts of cruelty that should not be allowed in this country.   