 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Kenneth Lee to the United States Court of Appeals for the  Ninth Circuit.   Mr. Lee has been nominated to a California seat on the Ninth Circuit  over the objections of Senator Harris and myself. Neither Senator  Harris nor I returned blue slips for Mr. Lee; yet the majority moved  forward with his nomination, disregarding our concerns.   In doing so, the majority is violating Senate norms and traditions  by--for the first time ever--ignoring the lack of a blue slip from the  Judiciary Committee's ranking member. Let me repeat: This has never  been done before.   There was no need to proceed with Mr. Lee's nomination over our  objections.   As has been true of many of my Democratic colleagues, Senator Harris  and I made it clear to the Trump administration that we were ready to  work with the White House to find a consensus pick for this and two  other Ninth Circuit California seats.   Sadly, our willingness to work with the administration has not been  reciprocated. Once again, the majority is insisting on moving ahead  with a nomination, despite the strong objections of both home-State  Senators.   Senator Harris and I refused to return blue slips for Mr. Lee for two  key reasons.   First, Mr. Lee has a long record of controversial writings and  statements on race and diversity, immigration, affirmative action,  women's rights, and other issues.   Second, Mr. Lee failed to disclose dozens of problematic writings to  our in-state judicial commissions and to the Judiciary Committee  itself.   That failure raises significant doubts about Mr. Lee's candor and  judgment, and it should be concerning to all Members of this body. In  fact, when another nominee for the Ninth Circuit, Ryan Bounds, also  failed to turn over his writings, his nomination was rejected by the  Senate.   Mr. Bounds had failed to identify to Oregon's in-state judicial  screening commission at least five articles that took controversial  positions on issues including campus sexual assault and diversity at  institutions of higher education, whereas Mr. Lee failed to disclose  either to my and Senator Harris's screening commissions or to the  Judiciary Committee itself more than 75 articles.   Importantly, several of Mr. Lee's articles demonstrate a continuity  between what he wrote and the positions he has continued to advocate  well into his legal career.   For example, Mr. Lee was a vocal critic of affirmative action,  writing: ``Our stance on affirmative action has always been that it  ultimately hurts the recipients instead of helping them. . . . Black  students will unfortunately be treated as inferiors because people will  always assume that they were accepted solely because of their race.''   In a 2003 piece, written while he was a practicing attorney, Mr. Lee  criticized the Supreme Court's opinion in the Bakke case, which upheld  the use of race as one of several criteria to be considered in college  admissions.   Mr. Lee wrote that ``[t]he Supreme Court can no longer hide behind  the wishful thinking of Bakke,'' which he said ``was based on the naive  assumption that universities would consider race merely as a tie- breaker.''   Mr. Lee has not backed away from his opposition to affirmative action  and so the Congressional Black Caucus wrote a letter stating: ``While  many of [Mr. Lee's] most disturbing writings have come from when he was  in college and law school, there is every indication that these views  were well-settled and carried through his career.''   In a 2005 article, written years after he graduated from law school,  Mr. Lee criticized President George W. Bush's plan to allow  undocumented immigrants to work legally within the United States.   Mr. Lee wrote: ``By describing illegal immigrants as `hard-working  men and women' who are pursuing `better lives,' [President Bush] blurs  the distinction between illegals and those who came to America  following the rules.''   Mr. Lee's portrayal of undocumented immigrants is both inaccurate and  troubling.   Mr. Lee has also taken extreme positions on women's rights. He argued  that feminism ``is not about extending equal rights and opportunities  to women . . . [but] is about adhering to a stifling orthodoxy.'' He  attacked feminists for ``support[ing] unfettered abortion-on-demand.''   As NARAL put it in a letter submitted to the committee, Lee's  writings ``suggest a disdain for women that is concerning in any  context, but especially so for someone up for a lifetime seat on the  federal bench.''   In conclusion, I believe Mr. Lee's record shows that he is far  outside the legal mainstream.   Given the positions he has taken in dozens of articles and given his  failure to disclose writings to my commission and to the Judiciary  Committee I cannot support Mr. Lee's nomination to the Ninth Circuit.   I will vote against Mr. Lee and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   