 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Chair, my amendment would maintain congressional oversight over  certain weapons sales and ensure that dangerous weapons do not end up  in the wrong hands.   Whatever our views on firearm policy may be, we should all be able to  agree that putting more firearms in the wrong hands would make the  world a lot more dangerous.   Since the passage of the Arms Export Control Act in 1976, the State  Department has overseen licensing authority for exporting deadly  weapons, supported by congressional oversight authority.   Under Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents alike, this has  been the system in place, so the experts who spend their lives  monitoring hotspots around the world can put U.S. national security  interests first, and not profits for weapons manufacturers.   That is why many Members have expressed concern about the Trump  administration's plan to change our firearm export licensing system.   Under the administration's plan, firearms and other items in  categories 1, 2, and 3 of the United States Munitions List would move  from the Commerce Control List. That may sound like a technical change,  but it would have real world consequences.   Congress would lose oversight over sales, preventing this body from  objecting to sales that could harm national security or lead to human  rights violations.   We would also be taking licensing authority for exporting deadly  weapons away from the State Department and giving it to the Commerce  Department, without any clear evidence that Commerce has the expertise  or capacity to handle this new responsibility.   This amendment would stop that plan from going forward.   To be clear, this amendment would not prevent the export of firearms.  This amendment would not create any new restrictions on firearms  exports.   This amendment would simply keep the status quo in place so we can  focus our efforts on strengthening the current system.   When it comes to keeping firearms out of the hands of terrorists and  drug cartels, we should err on the side of caution.   That is what this amendment does.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, it is true that parts and  components for military equipment have been moved to the CCL. However,  none of the items previously transferred from the USML to the CCL were  complete weapons that would allow a soldier to aim and fire on a  target.   The Obama administration did not move, or even propose to move,  firearms and ammunition. They saw what happened at Newtown and knew  that we needed to be cautious about these weapons.   If the administration's proposal goes through, it would be the first  time that the Commerce Department was put in charge of licensing for  lethal weapons designed to kill people. This is not business as usual.   Voting ``yes'' on this amendment will prevent this administration  from going beyond what the Obama administration chose to do by ensuring  that exports of firearms and ammunition remain under the jurisdiction  of the State Department, with congressional oversight.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    Madam Chair, no one here is arguing  against firearm exports, and no one here is trying to place new  restrictions on manufacturers. What we are asking is to keep the system  we have so that Congress can continue to do its job and make sure that  deadly weapons don't end up in the wrong hands.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   