 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of David Bernhardt to be Secretary of the Interior.   I opposed his nomination as Deputy Secretary of the Interior because  of his numerous conflicts of interest as a former lobbyist.   Bernhardt's tenure, both as Deputy Secretary and now the Acting  Secretary at Interior, has since confirmed my initial concerns and  given rise to new ones.   As a former partner at a powerful DC lobbying and law firm, Bernhardt  represented numerous oil, gas, mining, and water companies with ongoing  business before the Department that he now oversees.   The Washington Post recently reported that he has at least 22 known  conflicts of interest, the most of any of President Trump's nominees.   This is particularly concerning given that Mr. Bernhardt's recusals  mandated by President Trump will expire in August, and he has refused  to commit to continuing recusing himself beyond then on any issues that  could benefit former clients.   In fact, during his recent confirmation hearing, Bernhardt stated  that recusal isn't ``really is the best strategy''--an unacceptable  stance.   By refusing to recuse himself, Bernhardt has shown a potential  willingness to put his former clients' needs before the public good.   One troubling example is his relationship with Cadiz, a company that  wants to profit by draining a critical aquifer in the Mojave Desert.   Before coming to the Department of the Interior, Mr. Bernhardt was a  partner at and led the natural resources division of Brownstein Hyatt  Farber Schreck, Cadiz's lobbying firm that retains a financial stake in  the project.   This project would destroy the treasured California desert that I  have fought my entire Senate career to protect.   In order to sell the water, Cadiz needs to build a more than 40-mile  pipeline through the desert to connect to an aqueduct.   Several months after Bernhardt was nominated as Deputy Secretary, the  Department of Interior temporarily suspended its own solicitor's  opinion requiring Cadiz to get Federal permits to build its pipeline  along a railroad right-of-way.   That solicitor's opinion was ultimately reversed 2 months after he  was confirmed, completely removing the Federal permitting authority for  this project.   The timing of this decision is extremely troubling, particularly in  light of the Interior Department's own independent science that has  repeatedly questioned the sustainability of this project.   The U.S. Geological Survey, which is part of the Interior Department,  stated in 2002 and confirmed in 2017 that the natural recharge rate of  the aquifer is only 2,000 to 10,000 acre-feet per year. Cadiz proposes  to withdraw water at more than 50,000 acre-feet, or 16 billion gallons,  per year for 50 years.   Taking that much water would rob the desert of its most precious  natural resource and harm the surrounding flora and fauna.   Now the Federal Government, despite its own science saying Cadiz  would take too much water and legal opinions requiring Federal review,  has removed itself from the permitting process.   Even the mere appearance of favoritism or special favors for Cadiz is  extremely inappropriate and a concern with this nomination.   I am also concerned that throughout his tenure at Interior, Bernhardt  has shown a willingness to ignore the public's interest for political  purposes.   During President Trump's government shutdown--the longest in U.S.  history--Acting Secretary Bernhardt kept most of the national parks  open to avoid public backlash for the shutdown.   Left open but severally understaffed, major damage occurred to parks  across the country. Few places felt the impact of his poor decision  more than Joshua Tree National Park.   Iconic Joshua trees were cut down, cultural artifacts stolen or  destroyed, and pristine desert habitat marred by vehicle traffic.   I have twice requested from Mr. Bernhardt a full accounting of the  damage and costs of his decision and have not received a response.   I am also deeply concerned by steps Interior has recently taken to  expand offshore oil drilling, despite bipartisan opposition from  coastal States.   Californians don't want new offshore drilling along our coast. We  still remember the horror of the 1969 Santa Barbara spill, when an  offshore oil rig leaked more than 100,000 barrels, the third largest  oil spill behind the Exxon-Valdez and Deepwater Horizon disasters.   There has been no new drilling in State waters since that spill and  no new drilling in Federal waters off the coast of California since  1984.   Now, the Department of the Interior is openly discussing the option  of restarting such drilling.   Bernhardt's ties to the fossil fuel industry give me zero confidence  that the Interior Department will reach the right conclusion if he is  confirmed.   For the reasons I have stated, I cannot vote to confirm Mr.  Bernhardt.   Should he be confirmed, I again ask that he fully recuse himself from  all matters related to former clients during his tenure as a lobbyist.   I urge my colleagues to carefully consider this nomination before  voting.   Thank you.   