 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   It is fitting that H.R. 987, a bill that would protect the progress  of the Affordable Care Act, should include language that would  reinforce the Federal navigator program, which provides outreach,  education and enrollment assistance to consumers looking to buy health  insurance.   This administration has slashed funding for Federal marketplace  navigators in recent years, with some States facing cuts near 96  percent, undermining the exchanges and hindering the ability of  consumers to choose the insurance plan that works best for them.   My background in education makes it hard for me to understand why we  would ever want to eliminate tools to help educate the public about how  to access healthcare. It is even harder for me to understand why we  would want to limit this critical funding just to States that operate  within the Federal marketplace.   Residents in States like California, New York, Minnesota, and  Connecticut deserve to have the same opportunity as people throughout  the rest of the country to learn about their healthcare options, to  learn how to sign up for coverage, and to learn how this coverage will  work.   And so my amendment would open navigator funds to State-run  marketplaces, so that my home State of Connecticut, and the 11 other  States that operate a State-based exchange, could benefit from this  funding.   The Affordable Care Act helped more than 20 million Americans sign up  for health insurance. People of color experienced some of the largest  gains in coverage under the Affordable Care Act, finally reducing  longstanding racial disparities.   But in recent years, my own State's exchange, Access Health CT  Exchange, experienced a marked decrease in enrollment with communities  of color; a worrisome sign that the progress that has been made in  healthcare coverage with the passage of the Affordable Care Act may be  slipping through our fingers.   Cutting funding to the navigator and outreach programs represents  underhanded attacks on the people that need healthcare the most. It is  part of this administration's subtle strategy to roll back the  protections of the Affordable Care Act by reducing healthcare access as  a last-ditch effort.   The simple fact is that brokers do not always serve these  communities. There is an urgent need to reinforce and expand outreach  programs to make sure that we are reaching people in all zip codes, of  all demographics.   State-based exchanges are already doing their part to be flexible, to  invest  [[Page H3881]]  in outreach, and to partner with all communities. Access Health CT even  expanded their open enrollment period this year after the Texas v.  United States decision was unveiled in December. The exchange knew that  it had to combat misinformation--that the Affordable Care Act was still  intact, despite the Texas decision--and that people could still sign up  for coverage.   State-based exchanges need all the help they can get to support these  efforts.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have?    Mr. Chair, I want to point out that an estimated 90  million Americans still have low health literacy. These people are  disproportionately lower-income Americans, elderly Americans, and  Americans with low English proficiency.   There is a clear need and urgency for the Federal Government to help  these people in States that operate State-based exchanges, and there is  precedent for my amendment. My State exchange has received roughly $3  million for the In-Person Assister program from the Federal Government.   The bottom line is that the rules of the road have changed since  changing the requirement to provide healthcare coverage to all  Americans. There has never been a greater need to shore up programs  that make certain working Americans, especially underserved  populations, are protected and insured; that people in all communities  know what their options are and know when and how to access these  benefits.   I strongly support H.R. 987. I think that my amendment will make it  even better.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pallone), the leader of this important bill.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   