 Mr. President, it is my honor to be here with my fellow  woman Senator from the State of Iowa. I enjoy learning more about Iowa  and about the strength of Iowan women and in our Nation.   I join my colleague to highlight and celebrate not only the women  leaders in the Senate but the millions of women throughout history and  across the country who have made and continue to make a difference in  their homes, in their communities, and in society in general.   I am very proud to represent the State of West Virginia--a State with  a long and rich history of female trailblazers. It is a State that  respects and celebrates those women. Maybe you have heard that phrase  ``mountain mamas.'' Well, Mother's Day was actually originated in West  Virginia by Grafton resident Anna Jarvis in 1908. President Woodrow  Wilson made it an official national holiday in the year 1914, and it is  an annual reminder today to cherish and thank one of the, if not the,  most influential women in many people's lives--their mothers.   I miss my mother every day. I know my mother, who was the First Lady  of West Virginia, was an incredible role model for me and an  inspiration. Seeing all she did for our State and for our fellow West  Virginians through her public service was a driving force throughout my  life. Not only that, she was a great and loving mother, and as I said,  I still miss her every day.   Another West Virginia woman who has been an incredible inspiration is  Katherine Johnson. Katherine was born in White Sulpher Springs, WV, in  1918. In her being brilliant with numbers, she attended West Virginia  State College and was later one of the first Black students to  integrate West Virginia University's graduate school in 1939. That is  pretty notable in and of itself, but Katherine didn't stop there.   In 1953, she took a job at NASA and began working as a human  computer. She literally calculated how to get men into space. Remember,  with the launch of the Soviets' satellite Sputnik in 1957, the space  race was on. America needed a win, and Katherine Johnson played a major  role in facilitating that win. Her work put John Glenn into space and  into history. The success of that mission marked a turning point in the  space race altogether, and it made a significant impact in the future  of space travel and exploration. Some may better recognize Katherine's  name from the movie ``Hidden Figures.''   I am proud to say that in tribute to Katherine and her incredible  legacy at NASA, I introduced legislation to rename West Virginia's only  NASA facility after her. President Trump signed that bill into law last  year, and Fairmont, WV, is now the home of the Katherine Johnson  Independent Verification & Validation Facility. At 100 years young,  Katherine still serves as a tremendous role model to me and to women  everywhere.   Of course, all of our States are home to brilliant women. My home of  West Virginia is home to numerous amazing women who have made  significant contributions, and we are proud to claim them all.   I don't know if one remembers America's sweetheart of 1984, Olympic  gold medalist Mary Lou Retton, who is a native of West Virginia; Mother  Jones, who is a champion of the working class and a labor organizer who  campaigned for the United Mine Workers; Pulitzer Prize-winning author  Pearl S. Buck; the host of the ``TODAY'' show, Hoda Kotb; actress and  advocate Jennifer Garner; and Saira Blair. Many of you have never heard  of Saira Blair. Several years ago, at the age of 18, she became the  youngest person ever--male or female--to get elected to a State or  Federal office. She served in the West Virginia House of Delegates.   These incredible women and so many others have helped to shape  history and society, and they have paved the way for the next  generation of leaders--girls and young women who might not yet have  realized or achieved their full potential.   In 2015, I was sworn in as West Virginia's first female Senator. This  distinction is a privilege for me, and it is an honor. It is certainly  nothing I take lightly. I may well be the very first female Senator  from West Virginia, but I am very confident that I will not be the  last--certainly, not if I can help it.   So, shortly after I came to the Senate, I started an initiative  called West Virginia Girls Rise Up because I want to inspire the next  generation of leaders. Through that program, I visit fifth grade girls  across the State. We talk about their dreams, what they can be when  they grow up, and how they can be the best versions of themselves.   As a matter of fact, the Senator from Iowa mentioned the astronaut,  Peggy Whitson. She was with me when I did two Girls Rise Up in West  Virginia, and we talked about three different accomplishments that  girls can do to reach their full potential--education, physical  fitness, and self-confidence. I believe these are the building blocks  for a successful future for whatever you want to do.   Then we set goals. Maybe it is reading more. Maybe it is eating  healthier. Maybe it is raising your hand more in class. Most  importantly, I challenged these girls to achieve these goals.   What I hope the girls get out of this is that you can reach a goal  you set for yourself now--or at least really work hard to--and you can  reach your next goal when you get older. Then you can reach your next  goal and your next goal and your next goal, until you find yourself  doing groundbreaking research in a lab, being a CEO of a Fortune 500  company, designing a skyscraper at an architectural firm, or working to  make our country a better place from the floor of the U.S. Senate or, I  will add, as President of the United States.   The possibilities are endless, but the common thread is this: Think  about what it is you want, work hard to make your dreams a reality, and  have confidence to never back down.   As I travel across West Virginia with my West Virginia Girls Rise Up  Program, I am constantly amazed at the  [[Page S2026]]  potential of the young women I see. I know the same is true in States  across this country.   I hope those girls are watching us here in this Chamber today. I hope  they are hearing the stories of the incredible women and trailblazers  who have come before us. I hope they are thinking to themselves: That  could be me one day.   I am incredibly proud to be a part of what female leaders are doing  right now, but I am more incredibly optimistic to see what our future  female leaders will do in the years ahead.   I yield the floor.   