 Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk and  I ask for its consideration.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chairwoman, as I stand here this morning, my district and the  entire Houston region are underwater again. A severe rainstorm swept  across the Houston area last night. Our bayous, creeks, and tributaries  are over their banks. Rivers are cresting near record levels and may  surpass them before the weekend is over. Nearly 90,000 residents have  gone without power, and many are trapped by floodwaters.   Parts of our area had up to 7 inches of rainfall within just a few  hours last night, and it is still raining. It is the worst rainfall we  have had since Hurricane Harvey. And last night, I heard from my  constituents, it felt like Harvey and they were afraid.   As Members of this body will recall, Hurricane Harvey hit Houston and  the Gulf Coast in August of 2017. It dumped nearly 60 inches of rain;  it claimed 68 lives; and it caused an estimate of $125 billion in  damages. It was the second most expensive hurricane in United States  history.   Members of this body responded to Harvey's devastation. In February  of 2018, this body appropriated more than $4 billion to Texas, through  the Department of Housing and Urban Development Community Development  Block Grant Disaster Recovery funds, explicitly to rebuild and mitigate  against future storms, storms like the one we are having right now.   But nearly a year and a half after those appropriations were made,  those funds have not arrived. Why? Because the Department of Housing  and Urban Development has not published the rule governing the fund's  use in the Federal Register.   Most recently, HUD told our State agencies that the rules were set to  publish on May 1 of this year; but again, the day has come and gone,  and all we have is silence.   This is unconscionable. It is for this reason that I offer this  amendment today. My amendment requires the publication of the rule  governing the 2017 CDBG-DR fund's release within 14 days.   I am joined in this amendment by my Republican colleagues as  cosponsors, and I would like to thank Mr. Graves and Mr. Rouzer for  cosponsoring this truly bipartisan amendment. I know they have worked  tirelessly on these issues for a while, and I appreciate their  partnership on this issue.   I also thank my colleague and cosponsor from Houston, Congresswoman  Sheila Jackson Lee.   I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank my cosponsors and my colleagues  for their support of this amendment.   I agree. The time for action is now.   Madam Chair, for the reasons that we have set forth, I urge all of my  colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   