 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the  Republican motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, a budget is a statement of our values, and  an appropriations bill puts those values into action. That is why this  bill invests for the people.   We have chosen to strengthen critical domestic initiatives that give  every American a better chance at a better life. We have invested in a  mix of defense, diplomacy, and development that will keep our country  safe and restore our reputation in the world.   This MTR is a chance, it is an opportunity for Republicans to share  these priorities and explain how they would do things differently. And  with this MTR, the minority is giving a clear answer. They have no  plan, no priorities, no idea of where we go for the good of our  country.   Instead of working to strengthen our Nation, Republicans' only  proposal is to slash funding that working families depend on.   Mr. Speaker, just consider the many critical activities that this MTR  attacks: Head Start centers for our children; childcare assistance for  families; support for students and teachers; job training for  unemployed workers; resources to address the opioid epidemic;  lifesaving medical research at the NIH; water infrastructure projects;  energy efficiency and transformational science. All of these  initiatives would be delayed, delayed, delayed.   Mr. Speaker, the minority wants to tell you that this amendment is  about responsible funding levels, and that couldn't be further from the  truth. So let me set the record straight.   Unless Congress acts, unworkable budget caps that snap back into  place in fiscal year 2020 will cause deep cuts to both defense and  nondefense spending.    This MTR would jeopardize our national security. It would slash  critical services for children and families, and take our country back,  back, back.   We cannot, we must not allow our country to careen off this fiscal  cliff. Instead, we must raise the caps, invest for the people,  bolstering our national security, addressing critical needs across our  country.   House Democrats have made our position on raising the caps clear. It  is time for President Trump to rein in his assistant, Mr. Mulvaney, and  agree to a reasonable caps deal.   But Congress can't wait for the White House to come to its senses. If  we do, we might very well have another government shutdown.   To that end, the House voted to deem funding levels that are  reasonable, responsible, and allow us to move our country forward.   When Republicans were in the majority, they also deemed funding  levels. Unlike ours, however, their funding levels were wildly  unrealistic.   We have chosen a different path, and that is why I am so proud to  support these bills which ensure that America is safe, strong, and  moving forward.   This MTR sets us on a bleaker path, shutting families out of  childcare, starving our schools, stopping lifesaving research, and  sticking our heads in the sand on the climate crisis.  [[Page H4796]]    The choice is clear. Vote ``no'' on the MTR. Let's invest for the  people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent, in the engrossment  of H.R. 2740, the Clerk be authorized to make technical and conforming  changes to reflect the actions of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to  include extraneous material on H.R. 3055.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, today we continue investing for the people with H.R. 3055,  consisting of five fiscal year 2020 appropriations bills that offer a  brighter future for American families and make American communities  safer and stronger.   This legislation invests in America's infrastructure. It would  provide billions for the roads, highways, and transit systems of  tomorrow. It would strengthen and modernize public housing. It would  expand programs that ensure every community has clean and safe drinking  water, and it would help bring the promise of broadband to more rural  communities.   This legislation would protect our environment and tackle the climate  change crisis. It rejects misguided cuts to the EPA and would expand  climate research. And it would prioritize resilience to the effects of  climate change in key Federal programs.   Finally, among many priorities, this legislation would strengthen our  democracy. Strong funding increases would enable a thorough and  accurate 2020 Census, improve civil rights enforcement, and help  protect voting rights.   This legislation is the product of hard work and input from Members  on both sides of the aisle. I am very proud of our talented  Appropriations subcommittee chairs and our outstanding staff, and I  look forward to discussing more about what this package does for the  people.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I am very pleased to yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano), the chairman of the Commerce,  Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price), the chairman of the  Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop), who is the chairman of the  Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I yield the gentleman an additional 30  seconds.    Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the chair of the Interior, Environment, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the chairwoman of the Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   H.R. 3055 is a bill full of important investments that would make a  real difference in people's lives. It truly is a bill for the people.  It would improve quality of life, strengthen communities, and offer a  brighter future for our Nation. I urge support.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   