 MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentleman from the  great State of New York for yielding and for his outstanding leadership  on the Judiciary Committee.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 777, the Debbie  Smith Reauthorization Act, as amended. I was pleased to introduce this  bill with my colleague and good friend Ann Wagner of Missouri.   I first passed this bill in 2004. This critical State backlog grant  program provides funding for forensic labs and local law enforcement to  process DNA evidence, including rape kits.   In 2001, I invited a woman named Debbie Smith to testify before the  Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Debbie was a rape survivor,  and I remember being struck by her story of waiting more than 6 years  for her rape kit to be processed. And Debbie's story is not unique.   Across this country, DNA evidence collected at crime scenes sits in a  backlog, because forensic labs have limited capacity or resources to  process it in a timely manner.   So I wrote and passed the Debbie Smith Act, which at the time was  called the most important antirape legislation ever signed into law.   The results of the grant program speak for themselves. The National  Institute of Justice reports that since 2005 Debbie Smith funding is  responsible for 192,000, or about 42 percent, of DNA matches in the FBI  database.   So when it can match and convict a rapist, it prevents future rapes.  The FBI says rapists will attack roughly seven times, so if you catch  that person and put them in jail, you protect other women from being  hurt.   And as improved technology enables collection of DNA evidence, demand  for grant funding has dramatically increased. We need this funding.  This funding keeps rapists and other criminals off the street, and  perhaps more importantly, the program can deliver some measure of  justice to survivors of violence.   Unfortunately, this Debbie Smith Act authorization expired on  September 30. And the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act passed  by this House that included an extension of the Debbie Smith program  has not been passed in the Senate.   I truly want to thank not only Chairman Nadler, but also Speaker  Pelosi, Leader Hoyer, the entire Democratic Caucus for recognizing the  importance of this grant program and moving H.R. 777 forward.   Despite its lapse in authorization, we have an opportunity to make  sure that this successful program continues to help solve and prevent  violent rape and protect survivors.   The Debbie Smith Act has always enjoyed broad bipartisan support, and  I hope we continue that tradition today. I urge all of my colleagues to  support the reauthorization of the Debbie Smith Act. It protects women  from sexual violence. It is important.   And, again, I thank all of my colleagues that have supported this  legislation in the past, particularly Ann Wagner, who has championed  fighting sex trafficking and protecting women in other areas.   