 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor on what is now day 19  of the Trump shutdown--an epic Presidential temper tantrum that forces  the rest of us to, once again, plead with the President to stop hurting  the American families he promised to represent. This time, it is  because President Trump marched our country right into a government  shutdown, paralyzing Federal Agencies and preventing them from carrying  out the most basic government functions.   What does this government have to show for it? Eight hundred thousand  hard-working Americans, some off the job and some still asked to come  in. Their bills are mounting and no money is coming in. That includes  the air traffic controllers in my home State of Washington who wrote me  letters. They don't question whether they will keep showing up to do  the job they love--a job that keeps the public safe--but they have no  idea when they will get their next paycheck. That means stress, stress  about providing for their families, stress about being able to pay  their mortgages, pay for preschool, pay down post-Christmas bills. They  are forced to bear the brunt of this Trump shutdown.   It is not just Federal workers. Thousands of senior citizens and  individuals with disabilities are facing possible eviction as HUD  scrambles to figure out how to make housing payments. Our national  parks, the crown jewels of our country, are no longer adequately  maintained for public use, while the small businesses right outside the  parks that rely on visitors, like those outside Mount Rainier National  Park in my home State of Washington, are feeling the pain and cutting  back on staffing. Our farmers and our tree fruit growers are unable to  get their applications processed through the shuttered Farm Service  Agency. Millions of low-income families are now unsure if they will  receive the help they need to put food on the table for their children  in the coming weeks.   I could go on, but I don't need to. With each passing day, it is very  clear just how much this Trump shutdown is hurting families in every  community in every State of our country, and no prime time address or  fearmongering trip to the border is going to change that reality.   To President Trump, I say: Enough with the tweets, enough with the  fact-twisting. It is time to stop playing politics and finally agree to  end this shutdown that you began. Stop trying to bully your way out of  this mess.   To my Senate colleagues, I say: In case it is not crystal clear,  ending this nightmare is not complicated. Three weeks ago, in this very  spot, we passed a bill that kept the Federal Government open without  funding Trump's wasteful wall, the one he promised Mexico would pay  for. That bill was very simple. It was all about keeping our government  open and avoiding a completely unnecessary crisis.   Democrats supported the bill. Republicans supported it. In fact, it  passed unanimously because we know the people we represent have no  interest in elected officials playing games with their lives and  livelihoods.   Now the Democratic House has followed suit. They have passed a bill  that will do the same thing. Yet that simple solution--keeping our  government funded, on schedule, and without interruption--has been  stopped in its tracks by President Trump, who apparently sees no  problem with keeping the government shut down for months or even years,  as he said, all to fulfill a shallow campaign promise that everyone  knows will do nothing to truly address our broken immigration system  and keep our country safe.   What we have here is a crisis of the President's own making, from top  to bottom. I, for one, find it simply outrageous that instead of  searching for real solutions or working with Congress in good faith,  the President is dug in and demanding American taxpayers bail him out  to save face.   Members of this Congress were elected to make decisions that help the  American people. We were not sent here to provide cover for the  President.   I urge my Republican colleagues to make it your priority to work with  us to fund our government and end this completely unnecessary crisis.   This started out as a Trump shutdown, but with every day that passes  that the Republican Senate will not act, Republican leaders take more  and more ownership, along with every Republican Senator who supports  them.  [[Page S89]]    Some Republicans in the Senate are already standing up, and I commend  them. They want to work with us to stand up to President Trump and to  end this shutdown, and they would like the opportunity to vote to do  just that, but not enough yet, and the clock is ticking.   I say this to Republican leaders: Work with us to restore certainty  to the American people--from the hundreds of thousands of Federal  workers who are being forced to forgo their paychecks to the small  business owners, to the farmers, to the seniors and low-income  families, to the air traffic controllers and all those people whose  lives are being unnecessarily thrown into chaos and who deserve a fully  functioning government.   The President of the United States may be throwing a tantrum and  playing political games, but the people we represent and our country as  a whole deserve a whole lot better.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   