 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the Violence  Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2019. This bill passed the House  by a vote of 263 to 158, with 33 Republicans supporting it.   A week ago, along with every other Senate Democrat, I introduced the  bill in the Senate. People on the frontlines helping these victims  wrote this bill. This bill is not a Democratic bill. It is not a  Republican bill. This bill is a survivors' bill. It is written with the  help of survivors who know what is needed in the real world.   The bill accomplishes two things. It preserves the advancements we  made during the last reauthorization in 2013, and it includes certain  meaningful improvements to the law. In particular, there are three key  elements.   One, it expands jurisdiction over non-Native Americans for domestic  violence offenses and crimes against children, elders, and law  enforcement. Violence is a big problem on Tribal lands, and the best  way to address it is to allow the Tribes themselves to prosecute these  crimes. Unfortunately, some, instead, want to circumvent the Tribal  justice system that we know works, and this moves us in the wrong  direction.   Secondly, the bill builds on existing antidiscrimination protections  for the LGBT community. In the 2013 reauthorization, Congress declared  that Federal grant recipients could use funds to train staff to  recognize and combat discrimination against LGBT individuals.  Unfortunately, the law wasn't clear, and organizations are still  uncertain if they can use funds for this purpose. This bill simply  clarifies that intent. It is a small but very important change to help  this at-risk community. There has been surprising resistance from some  on the Republican side to include this modest language.   Third, our bill keeps guns out of the hands of domestic abusers. It  does this by adding intimate partners and stalkers to the existing list  of individuals who can be banned from possessing firearms. We know the  presence of a firearm in a domestic violence situation increases the  odds of a woman being killed by 500 percent. That is a major increase  in risk. It only makes sense to take guns away from convicted domestic  abusers who may use them to kill their spouses or partners.   There is simply no way to stop domestic violence, but I think we have  a duty to do all we can, and this bill makes significant improvements  in the law.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be  determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the Democratic  leader, no later than before the end of this year, the Judiciary  Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 2843 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the only amendments  in order be two germane amendments per side; that the debate on the  bill be limited to 1 hour and amendments limited to 30 minutes each,  equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; that upon  the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote in relation to the  amendments; that upon the disposition of the amendments, the bill, as  amended, if amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on  passage; and finally, that amendments and passage be subject to a 60- affirmative vote threshold, all with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I would ask the Senator to yield for  just a moment. I know we had some good discussions, and they broke off.  I am very happy to continue to work on this. I felt it was important to  enter the House bill because of the three very important provisions  that I just went over, which are, in essence, the three improvements on  the bill, if you will.   I have no problem sitting down now so that we can discuss it. If we  could find a way that we can agree, I think that would be just fine.  But in the interest of time and because there has been a substantial  period of time, I just decided to introduce it. The three issues are  Tribal sovereignty, the LGBTQ people, and the gun provisions. Those are  the three new House provisions.   I hope that Senator Ernst and I can sit down and discuss it. I would  be very happy to do this--sit down and discuss, if she would like.   Thank you.    If I may, in response to the Senator--I am very happy  to accept the invitation. We can sit down and continue to work on this,  but I would point out that these three provisions have tremendous  support: the Tribal sovereignty, the protections for the LGBT  community, and spouse protections when a spouse has a weapon. Those are  rather difficult over here. They were not in the House. But who knows?  Maybe we can work something out, and I am happy to try.   