 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Cole for yielding  me the time.   Madam Speaker, if the previous question is defeated, we will amend  the rule to bring an extension of the Violence Against Women Act, which  I have titled the Protecting Women Act of 2019.   Without action, the Violence Against Women Act will expire tomorrow  at midnight. Madam Speaker, I am a survivor of domestic violence, and  as a survivor of domestic violence, I am calling on all of my  colleagues to reauthorize this critical bill that helps women and  children who have experienced the trauma and pain of abuse and who need  our support.   While we may not agree on every provision of the current Violence  Against Women Act, I think we can all agree on the overall importance  of this law and the programs and services it provides.   Since the Violence Against Women Act was first signed into law in  1994, it has played a vital role in supporting American women who have  experienced domestic violence, sexual assault, dating violence,  stalking, and trafficking, and improving our response to these crimes  while we work to prevent them altogether.   Progress has been made, but there is more work to do. In fact,  according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about one  in three women and one in six men experience some form of contact  sexual violence during their lifetime.   I am confident that every Member of this body believes those  statistics are unacceptable. I know that we agree that we must end  domestic violence and care for victims left in its wake. We need to  enhance awareness, work for prevention, and ensure those harmed  physically and mentally have access to the resources and support they  need.   A clean extension of the Violence Against Women Act through the end  of the fiscal year ensures that the law and the programs it supports  remain in place.   It ensures there isn't a lapse in services for those in need while we  discuss ways that we can strengthen and improve it together.   As a co-chairwoman of the bipartisan Congressional Caucus for Women's  Issues, I want a bill that every woman in this Chamber can support. I  know that my co-chair of the Caucus, Congresswoman Brenda Lawrence, has  also told me she wants a Violence Against Women Act that every woman in  this Chamber can support.   That is why, if the previous question is defeated, Republicans will  seek a vote on a clean extension of the last Violence Against Women Act  reauthorization. This will give us time, Republicans and Democrats, to  work toward a bipartisan solution that helps women and girls, protects  religious liberties, and protects women and children.    I hope all my colleagues will recognize the importance of acting now  to prevent a lapse in authorization and defeat the previous question so  that we can work to protect the vulnerable from these heinous crimes.   