 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 5, the so-called Equality Act, should really be  called the ``Forfeiting Women's Rights Act.''  [[Page H3936]]    According to multiple experts, lawyers, and organizations, H.R. 5  would indeed prohibit, in all circumstances, under penalty of Federal  law, any acknowledgement of the reality of biological sex; would allow  anyone at any time to declare that he or she identifies as the opposite  sex, without any medical or psychological diagnosis.   It would erase women and girls' rights by requiring facilities, such  as schools, churches, dormitories, domestic violence shelters, homeless  shelters, to allow biological males who identify as women in women's  bathrooms, women's and girls' shelters, women's and girls' showers, and  in women's locker rooms.   This will indeed violate women's privacy and can ultimately violate  their safety.   The danger to women when biological men seek to claim female identity  should seem obvious, but it is being ignored by proponents of this  bill.   H.R. 5 puts women at risk by promoting a Federal law that would  overrule any restriction on gender identity claims and abolish the  protections of biological sex-specific practices and spaces.   H.R. 5 will eliminate women and girls' sports by requiring that men  and boys be allowed to compete in women's and girls' sports. This is  already happening.   H.R. 5 will also require doctors to provide sex change surgeries and  sex change hormones to adolescents without parental consent and without  a medical or psychological diagnosis. This could permanently sterilize  young girls.   H.R. 5 denies constitutional religious protections by totally  eliminating the bipartisan Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was  supported by so many Democrats back then, and this is being done for  the first time ever since the act was passed.   Congress should only pass laws that protect women, not threaten,  silence, or abandon them.   In fact, H.R. 5 puts everything that women have worked so hard to  gain, opportunities and protections, at risk.   I believe that in our society, laws should seek to protect the safety  and privacy of every woman and girl.    Madam Speaker, this bill actually does the opposite.   H.R. 5 prioritizes the rights of some Americans over the rights of  others. This is not equality. This is far from it.   Madam Speaker, I speak before you now willing and desiring to work  with any and all of my colleagues on policies that will truly promote  women's rights and equality. However, this bill, unfortunately, does  neither.   Madam Speaker, with that, I urge opposition of this bill.   