 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I came to the floor this morning to  address what has been an alarming and inaccurate information campaign  that is being spread about the international family planning amendment  included in this year's State and Foreign Operations appropriations  bill.   I would note that while this amendment is referred to as the  ``Shaheen amendment'' in alarmist and inaccurate blog posts, it is  actually bipartisan language that was agreed to by both the  subcommittee and full committee chairs of the Appropriations Committee  and ultimately approved unanimously by Republicans and Democrats in the  committee. Yet articles and op-eds online have condemned the amendment  as pro-abortion. I was surprised to hear this given that, despite my  objections, the amendment does not address the Mexico City policy--or  the global gag rule, as it is known--abortion services, or information.  In fact, this is the first time in 18 years--I am going to say that  again. It is the first time in 18 years that members of the  Appropriations Committee were prevented from offering a bipartisan  amendment that would strip the bill of the Mexico City provision.   Instead of allowing the established committee process to amend the  SFOPs bill with this provision, the entire bill was pulled from  consideration. In response to that, in an effort to ensure the bill  wasn't endangered, I worked with my colleagues Senator Collins of Maine  and Senator Murkowski of Alaska and with Republican leadership to limit  the scope of the amendment so we could allow the appropriations bill to  go forward.   It is false--absolutely, positively false--to say this amendment  funds abortions abroad. In fact, it is wrong to say, and inaccurate to  say, that any U.S. assistance goes to funding abortions at home or  abroad. In compliance with U.S. law, family planning funding does not  and never has gone to abortion services. I hope everyone is clear about  that. Under our law, family planning funding does not go to support  abortion services.   Now that I have outlined what this amendment does not do, let me  discuss what it does do. It provides an increase of $57.5 million for a  total of $632.5 million for existing international family planning  accounts. This money funds programs and services that provide modern  contraceptives, which 214 million women around the world who want to  avoid pregnancy are not able to access.   Again, I don't know when the debate around abortion came to include  contraceptives and family planning. It also would allow for the healthy  timing and spacing of births, which is very important to the health of  infants and it is important to the health of women to be able to space  the births of their children to recover between births. It provides  education information and counseling about family planning issues. It  ensures access to antenatal and postnatal care for a healthy mother and  baby. It provides for HPV vaccination and prevention, something very  important to the health of children.   These are a few of the critical services the assistance provides. The  impact of these services is very real.   According to the Guttmacher Institute, with each additional $10  million the U.S. dedicates to family planning and reproductive health  programs, 400,000 more women and couples receive contraceptives  services and supplies. With the $57.5 million increase provided for in  this amendment, more than 2.2 million women and couples  [[Page S7008]]  will have that access. That will result in 654,500 fewer unintended  pregnancies, 291,500 fewer unplanned births, 280,500 fewer induced  abortions. If you care about abortion and you don't believe that is the  right alternative, then you should support family planning because that  gives families and couples an option to ensure they can have the  children they want, and it would provide for 1,320 fewer deaths of  women.   While these numbers are stark, the transformative effect of simply  having access to family planning information and services on the lives  of women and their families should not be underestimated.   The most vulnerable women who are reached by family planning programs  report that learning about family planning options, receiving services  to prevent unwanted pregnancies, and ensuring that wanted pregnancies  are healthy and happy so the babies they want to have are healthy and  happy gives them some control over their lives. Many women are making  healthcare choices for themselves and their families for the very first  time with help from these programs.   These critical programs change lives, and our partners who implement  these programs are indispensable. In October, USAID Administrator Mark  Green said he could not ``imagine an effective development Agency that  doesn't partner with the community of faith.'' Luckily, he doesn't have  to. For those people who were worried that family planning programs are  not going to be implemented by our faith community, that is just wrong.   The family planning account goes to a range of program implementers,  including healthcare providers, international NGOs, and faith-based  organizations alike. All of these organizations have the goal of saving  women's lives and saving the lives of their children. They need more  resources, not fewer, to do this work.   What else does the international family planning amendment do? It  includes an additional $33 million to USAID's family planning account  for money that is rerouted away from the U.N. Population Fund.   Again, unlike what the blogs are mistakenly saying, this is not money  that currently goes to UNFPA's lifesaving operations. Instead, it will  be redirected back into the family planning account and contribute to  the programs I just outlined.   Third, the amendment requires the Government Accountability Office to  produce a report that evaluates the efficacy of family planning  programs and their structure. Again, this was another bipartisan effort  with my Republican colleagues to ensure that our U.S. dollars are most  effective and they contribute to programs and services that are most  effective. Again, if you have a concern about how family planning  dollars are being spent, then you should support this amendment because  it is going to give us data and information to show what is effective  and what isn't.   Finally, the amendment includes language to reaffirm an existing  nondiscrimination policy within USAID. This is an existing  nondiscrimination policy. This is not a new policy. That policy within  USAID ensures the services funded by these accounts reach all segments  of the population.   As I said, this is not a new policy. The anti-discrimination policy  has existed for several years, and it is not targeted toward faith- based organizations, despite what some of the blogs mistakenly are  putting out there. In fact, the complaints I have heard in my office  about single women being rejected for services didn't touch on work  that faith-based organizations are doing.   I hope all of our colleagues in the Senate will not allow  misinformation about the family planning dollars that are in the State  and Foreign Operations bill to dismantle what has been a very important  bipartisan achievement. Its impact is too great and its programs are  too important to let them be killed by a campaign to try and mislead  people about what is in the amendment.   I yield the floor.   