 Madam President, I rise to join my colleagues in  speaking about our 9/11 heroes. I thank Senator Schumer for his  extraordinary leadership, his unwavering support, his dedication to  taking this across the finish line, and his unbelievable willingness to  lift up the voices of people who were not being listened to. Thank you  to Senator Schumer.   I want to first note that while we are debating this bill, there is a  wake happening on Staten Island right now for  [[Page S4997]]  Detective Christopher Cranston. A father of 5, he was only 48 years  old, but he will be buried on Thursday because of the months of work he  did on the pile at Ground Zero at Fresh Kills Landfill. He spent his  20th anniversary just a few weeks ago in chemotherapy.   The eyes of the Nation are looking at this Chamber today to see if we  finally will stand by our 9/11 heroes for the rest of their lives. In a  few minutes, heroes such as James Zadroga, Ray Pfeifer, and Lou Alvarez  will have their names etched into the history books forever, which is  where they belong.   Their families are in the Gallery today--here again, walking the  halls of this Chamber and this Congress to be heard, here again to ask  one more time that this body do what is right: to stand by them in  their gravest time of need. Their families are here today to watch  whether this Chamber will do what is right. They are standing here with  so many others in the 9/11 community who have fought so hard to demand  that Congress do the right thing.   Let's honor their service today. Let's actually honor their  commitment to coming here time and time again, not for themselves but  for their brothers and sisters who are sick, who are still dying all  across this country. Seven are dying a week. Let's honor the ultimate  sacrifice they paid for responding to the call of duty when the Nation  needed them most. Responders came from every State across this country.   Last week, we lost Richard Driscoll, the 200th FDNY firefighter to  succumb to a 9/11 illness. More police officers have died since 9/11  than on 9/11. More than 10,000 people have been certified with a 9/11- related cancer, with more being diagnosed every day. More will get  sick. More will die. Some of them will not be diagnosed for years. That  includes responders, and it includes the residents, teachers, and  students who stayed downtown because the government told them the air  was safe. They told them it was safe to breathe, even though it was  not.    This bill will not change any of that, but we can finally let the  people in the Gallery, who are sitting here watching us today and  witnessing this, go home knowing that the government will truly never  forget. We owe them that promise. Today, we have the opportunity to let  them get back to their lives, to be with their families, and to exhale.  They at least deserve that.   I thank Senator Gardner for his leadership on this bill. I thank  Senator McConnell for staying true to his commitment. As I said  earlier, I thank Senator Schumer for being a tremendous advocate,  leader, and partner who never, ever, gave up. And I thank every single  person who has spent their time and energy coming here again and again  over these many years to advocate for this bill and for their brothers  and sisters.   I ask every Senator to have empathy--just that bit of care for  someone else--to vote yes on this bill and stand by our first  responders. I also urge every colleague of mine to reject the  amendments that are being put forward.   First is the amendment from my colleague from Utah. Unfortunately,  this amendment would accomplish only one thing. It would make these  first responders have to go through this entire process again in just a  few years. It would force sick and dying police officers, firefighters,  and other 9/11 first responders to waste even more of their precious  time coming here, away from their families, away from their loved ones,  away from their cancer treatments, away from their last moments in  their homes and communities, traveling back and forth to Washington and  lobbying Congress to pass the bill for the fourth time. Do not fall  into this trap.   Our 9/11 heroes deserve this program as it is written in the bill,  without these amendments, which will only force them to have to come  back here again and again. Stand up for our heroes. End the games.  Let's reject this amendment, pass the bill, and let our heroes go home  and live in peace, where they can breathe and finally exhale.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Utah.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak  for 1 minute.    Madam President, after this vote, the people in the  Gallery above us, these brave men and women who have suffered  unbelievably, will not have to come here again.   This should never have been a fight. It should never have taken this  long to pass this bill and make it permanent. It should never have been  a question. But now, finally, we have the chance to get this job done  for our 9/11 heroes once and for all--our firefighters, our police  officers, our EMTs, our construction workers, our survivors, our  families who stayed in their homes at Ground Zero because EPA told them  the air was safe.   This bill is a signal from our Nation, from this body, from Congress,  that we are representing people in all 50 States and that the Senate  will live up to the words it has said over and over again, ``never  forget''--that we will never forget our 9/11 heroes and that we will  never stop helping them when they are in need.    We will pass this bill for them, once and for all,  so they can get back home where they belong.   I yield the floor.   