 Madam Speaker, I rise today in direct opposition to  this rule and in opposition to the divisive partisanship that is on  display right now in this House of Representatives.   It is no secret Democrats have wanted to impeach President Trump from  day one, regardless of any fact.   They knew the result they wanted; they just needed time to figure out  how to get there.   So they began their impeachment inquiry behind closed doors,  selective leaks instead of transparency, no due process.   Once they crafted their perfect narrative, they moved on to public  hearings.   They hoped the American people wouldn't notice that they failed to  uncover one piece of evidence to justify impeachment.   They failed to make the case for this drastic action, and yet here we  are.   For the first time in history, a President is on the brink of being  impeached with the votes of one single party.   But let's be clear about one thing: This impeachment obsession is not  about accountability; it is not about justice; it is not even about the  Constitution.   It is about pure partisan politics at its worst, and you are watching  it right here.   The American people see right through this today. They have seen the  rigged process; they have seen the lack of transparency and the  complete absence of any supporting evidence.   They know that Washington is broken. That is why they sent us here:  to fix it.   But instead, House Democrats are dividing the country and further  shaking the people's trust in this Congress.   It is a sham impeachment. It has been carried out at the expense of  hardworking Americans who just want us to move forward.   Madam Speaker, this charade should go no farther. We should stop  wasting time and focus on what keeps our Nation moving forward: helping  workers and families thrive, protecting the safety and security of our  country.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against the rule so we  can get back to work for the American people.     Madam Speaker, I will include in the Record my  opposition to these Articles of Impeachment.   