 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, while I am so sad to be here, I am always  glad to have the opportunity to recognize Senator Kay Hagan.   There are certain people who carry with them a warmth and kindness  that lift up others, even in places that are not always warm or kind  and even when the going gets tough. Kay was exactly that kind of person  and one of the best examples I can think of. She wasn't only that--not  at all. As another mom in the Senate, I saw how deeply she was  dedicated to her family--her husband, Chip, and her children,  Jeannette, Tilden, and Carrie. Kay was smart, witty, and fierce, and  she was an unwavering champion for North Carolina families and  communities.   Nine years ago almost to this week, Kay came to the floor to advocate  for health reform, and she did it as she always did--by putting North  Carolinians first.   Kay came here and she shared the story of Tim and Marilyn, a family  from Mooresville, NC. They had racked up tens of thousands of dollars  in debt because Marilyn's preexisting condition meant her only option  was a high-cost, high-deductible plan. Kay called powerfully for  protections for preexisting conditions.   Nearly a decade has now passed since the Affordable Care Act became  law, so not everyone remembers how, in that fight, every single Senate  vote mattered, and there were certainly some Senators who listened to  the pundits and the naysayers at the time who wanted the bill to fail.  Kay tuned out all of that and listened to people from her home State,  like Tim and Marilyn, instead, and because she did, more than 4 million  North Carolinians with preexisting conditions have protections in law  today. They have the peace of mind Kay wanted so badly for Tim and  Marilyn and every one of her constituents.   Democrats are going to be talking a lot about healthcare this week,  and in particular, we are taking a very important vote on upholding  those protections that Kay fought so hard for. So especially throughout  this week, I will be thinking about Kay. I will be thinking about the  difference her love for her State has made in the lives of people  across North Carolina and our country. I will be grateful, as so many  others are, for her amazing friendship, her wisdom, and her willingness  to stand up for what is right.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   