 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in  support of the impeachment of President Donald J. Trump.   President Trump abused the power of his office for his own personal  and political gain at the expense of our national security.   President Trump's wholesale obstruction of Congress is unprecedented,  indisputable, and impeachable. President Trump is the first President  in history to openly and completely defy all aspects of the  constitutional impeachment process.   In an attempt to cover up his abuse of power, he ordered the entire  executive branch not to participate in the inquiry and directed it to  defy lawful subpoenas from Congress.   As chairwoman of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, I find this  obstruction particularly offensive.   Even President Nixon accepted Congress' impeachment authority and  allowed his aides and advisers to produce the documents to Congress.  And President Nixon allowed current and former staff to testify in both  the House impeachment and the Senate Watergate investigations,  including his chief of staff and White House counsel.   By contrast, President Trump, without any legal basis, directed  current and former officials not to cooperate with the House's inquiry,  which resulted in nine administration officials defying subpoenas for  testimony. And in response to the House's inquiry, President Trump  refused to turn over even one single--not one single--document to  Congress in response to lawful subpoenas.   Put simply, President Trump's actions are even worse than Nixon's.   Let me repeat that. President Trump's actions are even worse than  Nixon's.   Our Founding Fathers established a system of checks and balances that  spread out power between the branches of government. They decided that  no one would be a king, that no one is above the law, including the  President. And they gave the responsibility of impeachment solely to  the people's House.   When President Trump defies our subpoenas and obstructs our  impeachment inquiry, he seeks to place himself above the Constitution  and above the law.   We cannot let that stand; and if we do, then that is the end of  Congress as a coequal branch of government, and we have allowed  President Trump to elevate himself above the law.   It is our solemn duty, under the Constitution, to impeach President  Trump for his blatant abuse of power and his obstruction of Congress.   