 Madam President, I come to the floor today not in  celebration but in frustration to once again mark Equal Pay Day. It has  now been 50 years since Congress passed the Equal Pay Act. It is a  bipartisan law signed by President Kennedy and intended to ensure equal  pay for equal work. While this was a strong step in the right  direction, the sad reality is that today the gender wage gap still very  much exists.   Today women, on average, make 80 cents for every dollar a White man  makes, meaning the average woman has to work up until today to earn  what her male colleagues made in 2018. For women of color, the pay gap  is even worse. African-American women working full time only make 61  cents for every dollar a White man makes, meaning they have to work  until August to earn what a White man made in 2018. American Indians  make only 58 cents for every dollar, meaning they have to work until  September to catch up with their White male colleagues. Latinas, on  average, are paid 53 cents for every dollar their White male colleagues  make. They will have to work until November--almost a full year--to  earn what White men made last year.   The wage gap also hurts mothers who, on average, only make 71 cents  to every dollar fathers earn. The gender pay gap starts when women are  entering the workforce, and it widens throughout their careers. Pay  inequity will cost the typical woman more than $400,000 over the course  of a 40-year career. Sadly, by the way, that number tops $1 million for  Latina women, meaning women have to work longer and still have less to  save for retirement.   The gender wage gap doesn't just hurt women; it hurts families,  communities, and the economy. Women are the primary or sole breadwinner  in more than 40 percent of American families, meaning families have  less money to pay for groceries, childcare, support businesses in their  communities, and stay financially secure and independent.   That is why it is so important that we pass the Paycheck Fairness Act  today--not tomorrow, not next year. We need to pass this now. Every  year the wage gap grows, and it is far past time we close the loopholes  in the Equal Pay Act and give women the tools and the protections they  need to be sure they are being paid fairly.   This should not be a partisan issue. The Equal Pay Act was passed  with bipartisan support. The Paycheck Fairness Act passed the House  last week with Republican support. Women across the country, regardless  of their skin color, where they live, or whether they are Republican or  Democratic, deserve to be paid the same as their male colleagues doing  the same work.   I hope my colleagues across the aisle will join us today in  supporting this critical legislation. Our economy can only succeed if  women can succeed.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of H.R. 7, which is at the desk; that the  bill be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action  or debate.    Madam President, let me just respond by saying the  Paycheck Fairness Act that we are asking to go today and have been  denied the opportunity to do so makes very important updates to the  Equal Pay Act.   It reaffirms that every worker in America has the right to receive  equal pay for equal work. It protects women from retaliation for  talking about salary information with coworkers. It allows women to  join together in class action lawsuits, and, importantly, it prohibits  employers from seeking salary history so the cycle of pay  discrimination cannot continue.   This bill has the support of Republicans and Democrats and millions  of  [[Page S2178]]  workers in this country, and I really hope this Senate can reconsider  and bring this important piece of legislation up that has passed the  House.   I thank my colleagues who are out here today supporting this effort.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following fellows on the HELP Committee be granted floor privileges for  the remainder of the 116th Congress: Meghan Mott, Garrett Devenney,  Brian Keplun, Lindsey Tepe, Erika Nuerenberg, and Yesenia Ayala.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mary  Polanco, a fellow from the Air Force assigned to my office, be granted  floor privileges for the remainder of this year.   