 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 61, I call up  the bill (H.R. 648) making appropriations for the fiscal year ending  September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert  extraneous material on H.R. 648, currently under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Trump shutdown, now in its 33rd day, must end. It  must end without delay so the Federal Government can get back to fully  working on behalf of the American people.   Just this morning, President Trump's chief economic adviser warned  that the shutdown could lead to zero economic growth this quarter. Let  me repeat: zero economic growth.   The solution is simple. Reopen the government, pay our Federal  employees, and then negotiate border security and immigration policy  proposals that can command bipartisan support.   It is simple. The bill before us is yet another step in that  direction. Today, Democrats put forward six conference reports  negotiated last December when Republicans controlled the House, the  Senate, and the White House. In fact, Republicans have even urged us to  bring them to the floor.   If Republicans are serious about governing with us for the betterment  of all Americans, then they should vote for these six conference  reports and reopen the agencies covered by those bills.   In addition, Chairwoman Roybal-Allard is bringing forward a  continuing resolution for the Department of Homeland Security through  February 28. This legislation will open the Department of Homeland  Security and pay its employees while President Trump and Congress  negotiate border and immigration policy beyond the $1.6 billion in  border security-related measures in the bill we consider today.   This bill provides $563.4 million for immigration judges to reduce  the backlog of immigration cases and $524.2 million for construction at  ports of entry to facilitate lawful entries and trade.   There is $527 million to assist Central American countries as they  work to improve security and economic stability in the State and  Foreign Operations portion of the bill, which Ranking Member and former  full committee Chairman Rogers negotiated with me and Senators Graham  and Leahy.   The State and Foreign Operations division also no longer includes  poison pills, such as the expansion of the global gag rule, which would  have tied up $8.8 billion in funding for lifesaving nutrition programs  and efforts to prevent malaria, TB, and HIV.   It no longer bans funding for the United Nations Population Fund,  protecting maternal and child health and access to family planning  services.   A strong international affairs budget of $54.2 billion will help  stabilize the world's economy, meet unprecedented humanitarian needs,  and continue our fight against radical extremism and terrorism.   These bills were written by the Republican-led House and Senate,  together with Democrats. I will repeat that. These bills were written  by the Republican-led House and Senate, together with Democrats.  Neither Democrats nor Republicans got everything they wanted, but we  compromised for the betterment of the United States.   These bills should be enacted to end the Trump shutdown for all  Americans, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Before I yield to our next speaker, I just want to make our position  very clear. The solution to the Trump shutdown is simple: Reopen the  government; pay our Federal employees; and then we can negotiate,  Democrats and Republicans. Our proposal will form the basis for these  eventual negotiations. Let's open the government and then get to work.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Serrano), my good friend and the chair of the Commerce, Justice,  Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, before I introduce our next speaker, I want  to thank the distinguished gentleman, Mr. Rogers, for alluding to the  good bipartisan work we did, the $800 million for education and  healthcare. It was a good bill. Frankly, that is why we need to pass  these bills and, I agree with the gentleman, take the time to negotiate  border security where there may be some differences. So let's open the  government, pass those good bills that we worked on together, and then  take some time to talk about border security.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Price), who is the chair of the Transportation, Housing and Urban  Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee and is my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Bishop), who is the chair of the Agriculture, Rural  Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), my good friend, the chair of the Interior,  Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois  [[Page H1155]]  (Mr. Quigley), my good friend and the chair of the Financial Services  and General Government Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), my good friend and the majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, Democrats have been clear throughout the  Trump shutdown. We support investing in strong, smart, and effective  border security, and we are prepared to negotiate once the government  is reopened.   The solution to the Trump shutdown is simple: Reopen the government;  pay off Federal employees; then negotiate on border security. Our  proposal will form the basis for these eventual negotiations.   It is time to end the Trump shutdown. Vote for this package of six  bills that reflects conference agreements where we worked together from  last year. Reopen most of the government. Let workers get paid. Vote  ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion.    Mr. Speaker, I want to make it very clear to my  colleagues: This motion to recommit will ensure the government remains  closed. It will be irresponsible to adopt this motion.   This means all those people who are not getting paid will continue  not to get a paycheck to support their families. They will not be able  to go to the supermarket and act like normal families. This is totally  irresponsible.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to strongly reject this motion, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   