 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, as a mom, I have spent hours in doctors' offices with sick  kids. Nothing is more frustrating than when a doctor has to spend more  time looking at their computer screen than helping our children.   I have taken time off work only to end up sitting in waiting rooms  because a doctor is running behind, all because of a mountain of  paperwork that they must do for every single person that they see. And  I have seen doctors who are frustrated at their computers trying to  find the information they need.   I have also heard from my constituents in Iowa that when they go to  the doctor's office, they don't want to feel like it is an oil change,  a quick ``check under the hood'' and then a mountain of forms. And it  is not the doctor's fault. They have to comply with all of these  administrative rules and codes.   Parents like myself, those doctors, and everyone in the healthcare  industry, know that something has to change. And that is why I am  offering my amendment today.   My goal is to create a grants program to help reduce all this  excessive and unnecessary paperwork on doctors and healthcare workers.  It will help doctors spend more time with their patients, including  children like mine and those across Iowa. It will save money, because  it makes required medical administration more efficient. My amendment  will reduce the time crying kids have to wait for their parents to fill  out that paperwork before they go into the doctor's office. And my  amendment will cut red tape and Federal spending.   This amendment cuts Federal healthcare administrative work by 50  percent in 10 years. I spent 10 years working for the State of Iowa,  and I focused on making government more efficient, so I absolutely know  how to find government waste and how to cut it, and I think it is  important that we look at that.   As an efficiency expert and a mom of two boys, I am proud to  introduce this amendment today. Health administration costs are out of  control. We spend $500 billion on all types of duplicate administration  every year. My amendment creates $250 million in grants for States each  year, because when excess administrative work costs nearly $250 billion  per year, that is 1,000 times more. In other words, if we reduce  administrative waste by more than 0.1 percent, these grants would  already pay for themselves. And this amendment is going to cut away way  more waste than 0.1 percent.   I have the opportunity to travel all 16 counties in my district every  month, and I have met with doctors, nurses, and physician assistants,  they have all told me how exhausting and unnecessary all that extra  work is.   In 2016 doctors said they are spending almost twice as much time on  administrative work than they are with their patients. That is just  wrong. And that same study also found that when a doctor is in the exam  room, more than one-third of that time is spent on desk work.   Our rural and small communities are struggling to hire enough  doctors, and I am already working on attracting doctors to our State,  but we also need to protect and keep the doctors that we have, and  doctors want to help patients, not do paperwork.   Last month, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services released  new guidance to help reduce documentation burdens and ensure doctors  have more time with their patients. That was the first time in 25 years  we have updated these regulations with the specific purpose of reducing  paperwork. My amendment creates grant programs to get that done.  [[Page H10214]]    Look, I get it, Mr. Chair, if you are filling out 30 pages of  paperwork, you probably won't like this amendment if you like doing  that. If your favorite place is a doctor's waiting room and you want to  spend more time there, I will understand you not wanting to support my  amendment. Or if you always dreamed of being treated like you are a  computer code and not a patient, then you can vote ``no'' on this  amendment.   But I am pretty confident you are like me and you hate those things.  So vote ``yes'' if you want doctors to focus on your kids. Vote ``yes''  if you want shorter wait times and more time with your doctor. Vote  ``yes'' for all that, while you are also saving Federal Government  money. And by the way, if you are going to miss the waiting room, I  would be happy to sign you up for a ``Highlights'' magazine  subscription to come to your home.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Representative Brady for his support  for this amendment.   I appreciate anybody who also wants to look at efficiencies within  government. It is something that we need to spend more time on, so I am  grateful for your support and I look forward to working with you and  moving this agenda forward.   Mr. Chair, I would still continue to urge all of my colleagues to  vote for H.R. 3, so that we can make this a reality, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   