 Mr. President, I understand the majority is  considering another change to how judicial nominees are considered.   My understanding is the majority leader may move to break the rules  of the Senate and cut the time that Senators can debate nominees after  cloture is invoked from 30 hours to 2 hours.   Just yesterday, the Senate rejected this change. The Lankford  resolution was voted on and did not receive 60 votes, let alone the 67  votes required to change the rules.   The resolution would also have changed postcloture debate time on  circuit court and Supreme Court nominees from 30 hours total to 30  hours divided between the majority and minority leaders or their  designees. This means debate on a Supreme Court nomination could be  limited to only 15 total hours of debate.   Despite bipartisan opposition to the Lankford resolution, the  majority is now considering limiting debate time by breaking  longstanding rules of the Senate.   Changing the rules is not only unnecessary, but also is dangerous,  especially when we are talking about lifetime appointments. Further,  given this administration's failure to properly vet its own nominees,  the Senate should not restrict critical vetting and due diligence.   There is simply no need to limit debate on President Trump's judicial  nominees. In fact, President Trump's judicial nominees have been  confirmed at a record pace.   Through his first 2 years in office, President Trump had more circuit  court nominees confirmed than any other President had at the same point  in their tenure--30 total. That is on top of two Supreme Court Justices  and 53 district court judges.   Further, the current administration's circuit court nominees have  been confirmed nearly twice as fast as President Obama's, 256 days for  President Obama's nominees versus 139 days for President Trump's  nominees.   The rules change is also unnecessary because Senate Democrats are in  no way obstructing confirmations. Senate Democrats have not required  cloture votes on more than half of President Trump's district court  nominees.   On average, the Senate has used only 3 hours of floor time for debate  on President Trump's district court nominees.   In addition, a higher percentage of President Trump's district court  nominees have been confirmed by voice vote as compared to President  Obama's district court nominees, 49 percent versus 35 percent. In other  words, Senate Democrats have not required the majority to hold rollcall  votes on nearly half of President Trump's nominees to the Federal  district courts.   Finally, Democrats have worked with the Trump administration to  identify qualified judicial nominees.   For example, Delaware's two Democratic Senators, Senators Carper and  Coons, worked with the White House to identify two qualified nominees  to be judges on the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware.   Senators Durbin and Duckworth of Illinois worked with this  administration to identify two highly qualified nominees to be judges  on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. Both of those  nominees were confirmed unanimously.   In addition, we are right now in postcloture time on the nomination  of Roy Altman to the Southern District of Florida. Several Democrats  voted for Mr. Altman in committee, and Democrats have not demanded a  full 30 hours of debate time on Mr. Altman's nomination.   Despite all of this, Republicans are nevertheless breaking the rules  and pushing the Senate closer to a body that is governed simply by the  whim of the majority.   All of this leads to an unmistakable conclusion--shortening debate  time is unnecessary. It is a response to a non-existent problem, and it  is simply a power grab meant to stack the courts at an even faster  rate.   It is also important to stress why it is so dangerous to allow the  Trump administration to stack the courts in this way, without adequate  debate time.   We have seen this administration fill lifetime positions with young,  inexperienced nominees who are often outside the legal mainstream. We  have seen them try to do this without properly vetting those same  nominees, as in the case of Brett Talley, who failed to disclose to the  Judiciary Committee nearly 15,000 online comments, including one in  which he defended the founder of the KKK.   The Senate needs sufficient time to scrutinize the records of these  nominees--nominees like Matthew Kacsmaryk and Patrick Wyrick, who have  led efforts to undermine the Affordable Care Act; nominees like Brian  Buescher, who has argued that States should go after women's  reproductive rights ``bit by bit''; and nominees like Wendy Vitter, who  refused to acknowledge that Brown v. Board of Education was correctly  decided and who falsely claimed there is a connection between the use  of contraceptive pills and the incidence of cancer.   Two hours is simply not enough time to scrutinize these nominees'  records, especially when so many of this administration's judicial  nominees fail to disclose materials to the Judiciary Committee.   In conclusion, all Senators, and not just those on the Judiciary  Committee, need adequate time to review the records of these judicial  nominees, who, if confirmed, will serve for life.   All Senators need adequate time to make an informed decision about  whether these nominees are qualified to decide the fate of thousands of  people's lives. After all, the American people deserve to know that, if  they find themselves in a Federal court, they will have an impartial,  qualified, mainstream jurist who has earned the right to sit on the  bench.   This decision to break the rules and reduce debate time on judicial  nominees not only harms the institution of the Senate, but also harms  the Federal judiciary.   