 Mr. President, I rise today to join my Democratic  colleagues in lifting up the voices of countless people in my home  State of Washington and around the Nation who are calling out for  Congress to truly address the climate change crisis.   I am glad the Republicans have decided to take at least a short break  from their hurried ideological campaign to pack our Federal courts with  as many conservative judges as possible. It is inexcusable that they  are now choosing to play silly political games instead of working with  us to make progress on the many challenges our constituents are facing  right now.   Let me be clear. Democrats welcome a robust, fact-based discussion on  the Senate floor about what we as a nation must do to combat climate  change. That is not what today's vote is, nor what it was meant to be.  From the beginning, this vote was scheduled by Republicans to throw red  meat to their rightwing base and an extra bone to Big Oil and Gas. But,  if anything, what today's vote makes painfully obvious is that while  Democrats are here at the table ready to get to work to tackle one of  the most urgent issues of our time, Republicans don't have a vision,  much less any solution for how we are going to reverse the course of  climate change and prevent future damage to our planet. On the  contrary, many Republicans won't even admit this is a problem, even  after the Trump administration itself released its own report detailing  how climate change has damaged our planet and will continue to do so if  unaddressed.   Democrats are all on the same page. We believe in the science, we  believe climate change is one of our planet's most urgent crises, and  we all believe that now is the time to take action before our planet  suffers even more irreparable harm. Democrats have long recognized  climate change is a threat not just to our environment but to our  economy, our community, our health, and even our way of life.   As a voice for Washington State, whose residents are being threatened  summer after summer with ever-worsening wildfires that destroy more  property and cost more money to contain  [[Page S1960]]  and prevent every year, and as a grandmother who wants to leave a  better world for the next generation, this is personal to me. But it is  not just me or Senate Democrats; our families back in our States  understand the risk of climate change, too, and they are very eager for  their government to take action against the immediate threat that it  poses.   I was back home last week meeting with leaders in our State capital  of Olympia. They are working on a suite of progressive policies aimed  at tackling climate change. Every day, I hear from young people all  over my State about how they want to inherit a clean, healthy planet.  The only way we can ensure that happens is by listening to the science  and working to do something now while we still can make a difference.   I am inspired by my constituents--especially the students. I  understand why they are so passionate. They get it. They know how  serious climate change is for today and tomorrow, and they get that we  don't have any time to waste. But they cannot do it alone, and neither  can Washington State. It is going to take a national effort, a Federal  effort to give this issue the attention it deserves, and Congress  should play a major role in making sure it is treated like the  emergency it is.   Unfortunately, when I turn to my Republican friends in moments like  this, when we could be having a real conversation about what we should  be doing today to tackle climate change, I am reminded that this isn't  a debate made in good faith. If Republicans were truly interested in  addressing climate change, they would have stood against President  Trump's reckless efforts to roll back clean air standards or, even  better, stopped him from pulling the United States out of the Paris  climate agreement and weakening our leadership in the global fight  against climate change. And those are just a few things.   Now we have some Democrats and Republicans coming together to protect  our environment. The recent passage of the public lands package is a  good example. But when it comes to the issue of climate change and  having a discussion about what it would take to really address it with  the seriousness and the urgency it deserves, Republicans apparently  only have time for partisan political games, which is so unfortunate  because it is long past time for them to recognize that climate change  is an urgent and serious issue. It is going to take all of us working  together to prevent future generations from suffering the worst of its  impact.   Democrats are ready and willing to debate Republicans on the facts,  about the risks of not tackling climate change as aggressively as  possible, and I can only urge Republicans to drop these games. Listen  to your constituents. Listen to the facts. Do the right thing and work  with us to address this critical issue before it truly is too late.  Thank you.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   