 Mr. President, one of the occasions that we celebrate  every year is Constitution Day, and that actually took place yesterday.  It was so exciting to visit with students, talk to constituents, and  celebrate Constitution Day and the fact that we have this document.   Our Constitution is a disarmingly short document to read. When you  sit down to read it, it doesn't really take a lot of time to digest it.  When you are done with it, you might easily walk away thinking: That  wasn't that hard after all. It is pretty simple, right? We all know  that is not necessarily the case. It is easy to understand, but it is  so important that we look at it in its entirety.   There is an entire body of law dedicated to tearing apart that  Constitution. It is mind-boggling when you think about that. We have  this document. It puts this foundation in place, and there is law that  would rip it apart. There are those who would rip it apart, who are  looking for answers to problems our Founders never dreamed of.   There has been a lot of talk lately concerning the Founders and how  their backgrounds and status in society informed the document that  eventually became what is known as the Constitution of the United  States. But I think it is even more important to think of the Founders  as human beings who came to the Constitutional Convention harboring  ambitions and goals equal in gravity to our present passions--their  desire to have a United States of America.   They wanted freedom from their oppressors on the other side of the  world and from a system of government that would inevitably lead to  oppression. They said: No more. Let's write this into the fiber of this  Nation--freedom; freedom from our oppressors. They wanted to reforge  the chains that broke during the Revolution into ties that would bind  the several States together under a common goal--bound together, united  in purpose and in freedom. After years of blood and uncertainty, they  desperately wanted control over their own lives and over their futures,  individual freedom--freedom to choose.   Because they were human, yes, they wanted power, and so they argued.  They argued about everything. They argued about States' rights. They  argued about a nation having a debt. They argued about the Confederacy  and compacts versus the Federalists' vision of ``a more perfect  Union.'' But through all that, the Founders still managed to create a  document that set forth a new standard of government--a government of  the people, by the people, and for the people. It is a form of  governance that is responsible not to the government but is responsible  to the people.    They gave us a framework, but there are a great many things that they  declined to set in stone. They made a conscious choice, which is why we  continually find ourselves engaging in philosophical combat.  Unfortunately, as part of that battle, many of my friends on the other  side of the aisle have gone so far as to undermine the very  institutions that define this country.   Supreme Court confirmations have turned into a circus. Policy debates  devolve into personal attacks. Distinguishing between news and opinion  is all but impossible on many days of the week. Many of my friends on  the other side of the aisle like to describe the Constitution as a  living document, but I don't really follow that line of thinking.  Describing our Constitution as a living document is really just a  prelude to changing the rules to fit the circumstances, and, in my  opinion, that is a dangerous concept.   As our Founders signed on the dotted line, the rest of the world  looked toward America's shores with skepticism, and, at times,  derision. They didn't understand how a government by the people and for  the people could possibly fit into the existing mold.   After over 200 years of progress, there are still those who remain  skeptical of the country that broke the mold and transformed from a  struggling cluster of Colonies into a shining city on a hill.   I urge all of my colleagues to respect the Constitution. It is not an  intellectual straitjacket. Not once has the sum of its contents acted  as a barrier to progress. The Constitution is not the source of the  freedoms it guarantees, but it does state definitively that its  execution secured the blessings of liberty to those who bore witness to  America's beginnings and to those who would come after. It is a legacy  worth fighting for. Happy Constitution Day.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, it is such an honor to be here  following Leader McConnell and talk about the achievements of our  State's senior Senator and recognize his wonderful work, not only in DC  but also in Tennessee. I want to touch on just a few of those  highlights and the importance to our State.   For me, being a State senator involved in our community, coming to  serve in Congress, and now serving in the Senate with our senior  Senator is something that is a wonderful experience.   The majority leader just mentioned that our senior Senator will  retire at the end of next year. Of course, we are all going to miss  seeing him around Capitol Hill. Senator Alexander has really  distinguished himself as a man who is committed to Tennessee tradition  and to helping Tennessee find prominence on the global stage.   Anyone who has ever entered Senator Alexander's office knows that he  is a music lover. What they may not know is that he is also both a  classically trained pianist and a pretty good gospel and country  pianist. He has even performed on the stage of the Grand Ole Opry, and  rumor has it that he really rocked the house the night he was there.  His love of music and of Tennessee's musicians has caused him to work  tirelessly in these efforts.   In the House, I started a songwriters' caucus. He did likewise in the  Senate, bringing the issues that confront our Nation's performers into  the Senate, finding solutions, and, as the leader mentioned, passing  and being instrumental in the crafting--not just the passing--of the  Music Modernization Act. He was honored just this week by the Nashville  Songwriters Association International, which gave him the White Hat  Award. This is an honor that he and I share.   It is important to note that the White Hat Award has only been given  15 times in the 52 years of that organization's history.   As Governor--then Governor, now Senator Alexander opened the doors to  automobile industries, including Saturn, GM, Nissan, and auto parts  producers, which solidified Tennessee's place in the global economy. As  Senator, he has focused on improving Tennessee from the inside out,  giving priority to practical concerns. He led the charge on healthcare,  education, and, as the leader mentioned, the opioid crisis. He has  supported teachers, stood up for working moms, and enacted tax policies  that kept more money in the wallets of Tennesseans.   Today, I rise to honor a leader, a friend, and, I have to say, the  team captain for our annual Crockett Cup baseball game. And they were  the winners. They are the holders of the Crockett Cup.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   