 Madam President, I come to the floor this afternoon  with mixed emotions--mixed emotions because I feel a tremendous sense  of gratitude but also sadness because at the end of this month,  tomorrow, after more than a decade of working together, my chief of  staff, Maura Keefe, will leave to start a new adventure.   Maura is here on the floor today with my new chief of staff, Chad  Kreikemeier, and most of our staff here in DC are in the Gallery  watching. Everyone is here because we think so much of Maura, and we  are so sad that she is leaving but wish her Godspeed in everything she  does. She has been an incredible asset as we worked together to improve  the lives of Granite Staters.   I must thank her for her service and share some of the memories from  the past 10 years. In New Hampshire, where we are the home of the first  primary State, public service and political engagement are part of our  culture. It is a culture that is epitomized by Maura and her family.   Maura helped me get elected in 2008. Actually, she helped me before  that--in 2002, when I didn't win the election. Despite our loss, she  came back and she worked with me in 2008, and then when we won, she set  up the office. She had already accumulated several careers by that time  in political campaigns and nonprofits and in the private sector. At  each and every step along the way, Maura made new friendships, and she  blazed a trail of accomplishments. Her time with us has certainly been  no different.   I remember right after that election, she and a small group of people  were working to set up the office. She showed me the files of people  who were interested in working on the staff. I was down here for  orientation, and she and the woman who would become the deputy chief of  staff spent the whole weekend--while I was running around doing fun  things, they were working into the night to go through those resumes to  hire the best possible people to open the office.   Maura's father, who served as chief of staff to New Hampshire Senator  Tom McIntyre, whose seat I now hold, would be very proud of everything  she has done and all of her accomplishments.   I will never be able to thank her enough for building our wonderful  team, for hiring a staff of dedicated public servants who work hard for  the people of New Hampshire.   Those of us who have had the pleasure to work with Maura know her  sense of humor. She does great birthday cards that are very funny.  Every month when we do birthdays in the office, she does farewell cards  that are sort of testimonials but more roasts--or equally roast and  testimonial. Her sense of humanity is also what makes her special. I  have certainly benefited from both of these over the last 10 years.   Maura is going to be missed, not just in our offices here in  Washington and in New Hampshire but throughout the Senate because for  the last several years, she has played an important leadership role  among the Democratic chiefs of staff and among the women chiefs of  staff. She has made a positive difference for all of our offices, and  she has made important and constructive inroads with Senate leadership  on both sides of the aisle. Her presence will be missed by so many  people in this institution.   Of course she is going to be missed for forging important consensus  on the golf course as well. Our office does a golf outing every summer,  and Maura is always the one who comes out on top in those golf outings.  She has two holes in one, and she displays the plaques for those holes  in one on the wall that is between our two offices. They are a reminder  that from the Capitol to the tee box and everywhere in between, Maura  is a fierce competitor.   Over the last 10 years, there have been real historic moments. I hope  those moments will be the cornerstone of Maura's memories from the  Senate--the passage of healthcare reform that was decades in the  making, ushering in the first bipartisan energy efficiency legislation  in a generation, working to put a woman on the twenty-dollar bill,  increasing funding and resources to combat the opioid crisis, expanding  critical investments for the Office on Violence Against Women, and so  many other critical infrastructure projects, changes in New Hampshire  that have meant jobs and that have improved the lives of so many of our  citizens.   Perhaps the most succinct description of Maura can be credited to  Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro, for whom Maura worked as chief of staff in  the 1990s. Congresswoman DeLauro once told a reporter aptly that Maura  is ``someone who doesn't mince words.'' I can attest to that. When I do  things that she thinks are not quite what I ought to be doing, she  doesn't mince words; she lets me have it.   I am going to greatly miss her daily doses of wisdom and wit. Her  supporting counsel has always been invaluable to me. I can't thank her  enough for her dedicated service.   Thank you, Maura. We are all going to miss you but me, most of all.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   