 Mr. President, I offer my thanks and appreciation to  the chairman of the committee, Senator Murkowski, and the ranking  member, Senator Manchin, for the work they have done on this lands  package. They have tried their best to bring to the forefront a number  of different viewpoints and, obviously, a wide variety of issues that  are included in this package. They have worked hard to meet many  demands on all sides, and I thank them for getting that done.   I am going to be installed this week as one of the chairmen of the  sportsmen's caucus, and we are thrilled to be able to have the  sportsmen's bill included in this package so that we can continue to  see this great American tradition of families and friends enjoying the  outdoors, hunting, fishing, and recreating in this beautiful land that  we have here in the United States of America.   I am very fortunate today to welcome a number of conservationists  from Nebraska to Washington, DC. This is a group of bright, young  people who are taking part in Nebraska's Leadership Education/Action  Development Program, true conservationists who are ag producers, ag  business people, and are here visiting us. This is known as the LEAD  Program. They are individuals from various backgrounds who participate  in this premier agriculture leadership program.   Over the course of 2 years, Nebraska LEAD fellows engage in monthly  seminars all across the State; they visit our Nation's Capital; and  they even have the opportunity to study agriculture systems overseas.  The goal of the LEAD Program is to develop the next generation of  innovative thinkers, problem solvers, and decision makers who will work  to provide food and fuel to our world.   As a proud LEAD alum myself, I can tell you that it has helped to  shape who I am today. This program continues to be near and dear to my  heart. Through the LEAD Program, I learned valuable leadership skills  that I have carried with me in serving my community in the Nebraska  Legislature and right here in the U.S. Senate.   Many may not know this statistic, but by the year 2050, there will be  an additional 2 billion people to feed in this world. It is important  that the future generations of agricultural leaders are motivated and  prepared to deal with unforeseen challenges on the road ahead. The LEAD  Program is an extraordinary opportunity for Nebraskans to learn more  about international trade, about foreign policy, and the unique  agricultural systems that we have in our State, in our country, and in  our world. Participants in the program will gain firsthand experience  in what it means to be an agricultural leader here at home.   Agriculture is the beating heart of my State's economy. The hard work  of our farmers and ranchers in Nebraska produces abundant bounties  every year. We feed the world. We are privileged to do this and proud  of this responsibility, and we pass it on to the next generation.   We also know that putting food on family dinner tables around the  world does not come easy. It is the result of calloused hands and long  days. It is chopping ice in the tank for thirsty cattle when it is 20  below, and moving irrigation pipes for thirsty crops when it is 110. It  is the product of bright innovations, new technology, critical  thinking, and fresh solutions in addressing some of our world's most  pressing challenges. Now it is in the hands of the next generation of  leaders.   Nebraska's LEAD Class 38 understands this. They know that our future  is filled with promise. So I am expecting great things from each and  every one of them, and I look forward to meeting with them this  afternoon after I leave the floor.   LEAD Class 38, we are grateful for the work that you are doing now  and the good work that you will do to help build a stronger Nebraska  and a stronger world. I want to again extend a formal, warm welcome to  all members of LEAD 38, and I hope you will enjoy your time in our  Nation's Capital.   I yield the floor.   