 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support my amendment to the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act  of 2019.   VAWA grant programs serve women and girls, especially those in  underserved communities who are experiencing violence.   Sex trafficking is one such form of violence. Victims endure horrific  trauma, violence, and abuse. Unfortunately, there is a real gap in  services for child sex trafficking victims.   In Missouri, we struggle to find safe and secure options for girls  who are looking to restart their lives. Amazing nonprofits like The  Covering House in my district serve youth, along with other  organizations across the country, but there is still a substantial  unfilled need for services.   In addition to counseling and housing, victim service providers are  trying to prevent violence by educating children and ensuring that they  never become victims of sex trafficking in the first place.   That is why programs like the Creating Hope through Outreach,  Options, Service, and Education for Children and Youth program, CHOOSE,  are so essential.   This VAWA program ensures that the Department of Justice can develop,  expand, and strengthen victim-centered interventions that target youth  who are victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault,  stalking, and sex trafficking.   It enables schools to provide training to personnel on the needs of  students  [[Page H3036]]  who are victims of trafficking, and it develops prevention programming  in middle and high schools.   These are critical services, and this amendment will ensure that the  CHOOSE program can continue to provide funding for programs that  counter sex trafficking, not only other forms of violence.   We cannot unintentionally strip sex trafficking references out of  VAWA text. Sex trafficking is a paramount example of violence against  girls and women, and we must be careful not to disenfranchise these  victims as we legislate.   I thank my colleague from Texas, Representative Sheila Jackson Lee,  and others for cosponsoring my amendment and working to ensure that we  have bipartisan support.   I will also work with my colleagues in the Senate to ensure these  references are restored in the final VAWA legislation.   Madam Chair, I urge my House colleagues to support my amendment and  ensure that child sex trafficking victims maintain access to critical  services, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank my friends across the aisle,  certainly the Representative from Texas, Ms. Sheila Jackson Lee, and my  good friend from New York, Carolyn Maloney, who I know wanted to speak  today on the amendment but is held up in a hearing that she is chairing  presently. I thank them for their bipartisan support, and I urge all my  colleagues to support this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to ask my colleagues to vote  for my amendment that will ensure greater transparency and  accountability when it comes to taxpayer dollars.   The Department of Justice inspector general has found frequent  misconduct, fraud, and abuse in VAWA grant-making. More than $7 billion  in grants has been awarded over the years, and audits have revealed  that too many recipients are out of compliance with the terms of these  grants.   This amendment will ensure that the Office on Violence Against Women  cannot continue to grant VAWA dollars to organizations that are  fraudulently misusing funds. Organizations that misuse funds will lose  their eligibility to receive VAWA grants for up to 5 years.   Errors that do not rise to the level of fraud will not impact an  organization's eligibility, but we must encourage grant recipients to  act with caution and integrity. In this way, we can best serve the  women and girls that VAWA programs are meant to empower.   I thank you for supporting justice and services for America's women  and children and girls, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on my  amendment and broaden access for organizations acting in compliance  with honesty and good faith.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for his leadership and  for his support of this amendment, and I encourage all my colleagues to  support this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   