 Mr. President, the American people elected President  Trump based in part on his promise to negotiate better trade deals with  foreign nations--first among them, our largest trading partners, Canada  and Mexico.   The President and his administration wasted no time in working with  these two neighbors to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement  to reflect today's economic reality. Those talks produced the United  States- Mexico-Canada Agreement, or USMCA,  [[Page S6075]]  which the President unveiled more than 1 year ago.   When NAFTA was written more than a quarter of a century ago, the  internet was in its infancy and few could have foreseen the  increasingly globalized and digital economy we have today. USMCA takes  us into the 21st century, updating antiquated rules to prohibit the  theft of trade secrets, reward American innovators, and improve cross- border e-commerce, while also providing increased market access for  American businesses and benefits for American workers in more  traditional sectors like agriculture and manufacturing.   Market access is very important to agriculture and to our Nation's  economy in general. Ninety-five percent of the world's population lives  outside of these United States. Without good trade agreements that give  us free access to the world's marketplace, we cannot prosper in  agriculture or any other business that depends on exports. The USMCA  will result in a fairer deal for U.S. businesses and consumers.   Today the American people should ask why it has taken more than a  year for the House and Senate to take up, debate, and pass an agreement  that will boost the American economy and job creation.   Manufacturers, farmers, and other businesses in my State of  Mississippi certainly want to know why we have not done that. The truth  is, House Democrats have delayed taking action because they want first  to deny President Trump a win for as long as possible and, secondly, to  secure last-minute favors for Big Labor.   It is ironic that these same Democrats and big labor groups now  oppose USMCA because of environmental protections or labor rights. The  truth is, they are largely responsible for the original NAFTA, which  they now claim incentivized a mass exodus of U.S. companies to Mexico  and decimated our manufacturing sector.   Unfortunately, Democrats' inexcusable foot-dragging is just hurting  American consumers and businesses. For years, Mississippi has worked  aggressively to increase the market penetration of its manufactured  goods and agricultural products in foreign markets. My State exported  $11.8 billion in goods in 2018--a 61-percent increase over the past  decade. Foreign trade accounts for almost 10 percent of Mississippi's  GDP. More than 50,000 workers and large manufacturers, medium and small  businesses, and farms played a role in producing these goods for use  around the world but primarily to Canada and Mexico, my State's largest  trade partners.   The bottom line is, the USMCA represents an important new tool for  Mississippi to expand its ability to sell more of what we produce to  consumers abroad. There is no good reason for the House to have held up  this 21st century trade agreement, and it is time to finally take a  vote, send it to the Senate, and get it done.   We all are benefiting from the strongest U.S. economy and lowest  jobless rate in decades. Congress needs to do its job to help maintain  and strengthen this economic growth. USMCA will create more certainty  for businesses and increase business confidence, which improves the  state of the world's economy.   Let's pass the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and spend more  time on accomplishing as much as we can on issues that will actually  make a difference in the lives of the American people.   I yield the floor.   