 Madam President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Matthew Kacsmaryk to the United States District Court for  the Northern District of Texas.   June is the month that we recognize as Pride Month to celebrate the  lesbian and gay community and to acknowledge that individuals should  not be discriminated against on the basis of their sexual orientation;  yet, today we are voting on a nominee, Mr. Kacsmaryk, whose career has  been defined by opposition to the rights of LGBT Americans. He has  argued against marriage equality and defended a company that refused to  provide service to a same-sex couple, simply based on their sexual  orientation.   It is disappointing that the Senate is moving forward on his  nomination, and even more disappointing that the majority has scheduled  this vote during Pride Month.   Mr. Kacsmaryk 's long record of opposing civil rights protections for  LGBT Americans should disqualify him from service on the bench. They  demonstrate that he puts his personal opinion above Supreme Court  precedent.   Specifically, I want to highlight some key positions in his record.   In 2015, Mr. Kashmir made comments deeply critical of United States  v. Windsor, the case that struck down the Defense of Marriage Act, or  DOMA. Mr. Kacsmaryk claimed that the Obama administration, which  refused to defend DOMA, had ``effectively collaborated with the  adversary.'' Mr. Kacsmaryk's comments make clear that he believes those  fighting for the right of LGBT American, including the right to marry,  are adversaries. Someone making a statement like this should quite  simply not be a Federal judge.   He likewise claimed in a radio interview that efforts to achieve  marriage equality were marked by ``lawlessness,'' adding that the  Justice Department's refusal to defend DOMA was an ``abuse of rule of  law principles.''  [[Page S3648]]    Also in 2015, Mr. Kacsmaryk submitted a brief in Obergefell v.  Hodges, the landmark Supreme Court case that guaranteed marriage  equality.   Mr. Kacsmaryk urged the Court to deny that the 14th Amendment  extended to the right of same-sex couples to marry. He argued that  finding a nationwide right to marriage equality would violate the free  speech rights of those who oppose same-sex marriage on religious  grounds, and he claimed that allowing gay couples to marry would  ``silence religious dissenters who continue to hold to their millennia- old definition of marriage.'' The Supreme Court disagreed.   In 2016, Mr. Kacsmaryk continued his efforts opposing the civil  rights of LGBT individuals by defending a company that refused to sell  a wedding cake to a same-sex couple, simply because they were gay.   Mr. Kacsmaryk denied that the business had refused to sell the cake  because of the customers' sexual orientation. Instead, he claimed that  the law prohibiting discrimination against LGBT individuals ``forc[ed]  business owners to publicly facilitate ceremonies, rituals, and other  expressive events with which they have fundamental'' disagreements.   Businesses should not be permitted to discriminate against customers  because of their sexual orientation, but in Matthew Kacsmaryk's  opinion, it is completely acceptable to do just that.   Throughout his career, Mr. Kacsmaryk has taken particularly offensive  positions on the rights of transgender Americans, including transgender  youth.   He has argued that being transgender is a ``delusion.''   He also signed onto a letter claiming that transgender people are  suffering from a ``psychological condition in need of care,'' and are  ``not a category of persons in need of special legal protection.''   Taken together, these positions show that Mr. Kacsmaryk has strong  personal beliefs and is opposed to defending civil rights of gay and  lesbian individuals.   Further, when asked during his hearing whether he would recuse  himself from cases involving LGBT individuals, Mr. Kacsmaryk refused.  When asked in written questions how his record did not create an  appearance of impropriety when it comes to deciding cases on gay  rights, Mr. Kacsmaryk simply cited the Federal recusal statute,  refusing to answer the question directly.   In addition, Mr. Kacsmaryk has also worked to undermine women's  access to reproductive healthcare.   For example, he argued that the Affordable Care Act's contraceptive  coverage requirement was unconstitutional, and then later claimed that  the Obama administration's religious accommodation to that requirement  was likewise unconstitutional.   Without any evidence, Mr. Kacsmaryk accused the Obama administration  of treating religious protections ``as a secondary consideration.''  With respect to the accommodation, which required nonprofit  organizations to submit a one-page form to their insurer noting their  objections, Mr. Kacsmaryk claimed the government was ``forc[ing]  religious objectors to provide material aid to those who would commit  the ultimately wrongful act'' of providing contraceptives.   He also argued that a Washington State statute requiring all  pharmacies to stock emergency contraceptives violated the rights of  religious pharmacists. The statute permitted individual pharmacists to  decline to fill prescriptions that ran contrary to their religious  beliefs.   But this was not enough for Mr. Kacsmaryk, who argued that the  pharmacies themselves should be exempt from the statute. He also  claimed that in seeking to provide contraception to women, Washington  had ``radically depart[ed] from the nationwide consensus protecting  conscience rights'' for health care professionals.   The Supreme Court declined to hear the case.   Given the positions he has taken in litigation and the inflammatory  comments he has made in his personal capacity, I am concerned Mr.  Kacsmaryk will not bring the temperament needed to demonstrate respect  for all litigants that we expect from all Federal judges.   I am voting against Mr. Kacsmaryk because I believe his record shows  he is far outside the legal mainstream, and I urge my colleagues to do  the same.   