 Madam President, HBCUs, Tribal colleges, and other  minority-serving institutions--or MSIs--are an essential part of our  entire higher education system, and those institutions serve nearly 6  million undergraduate students, a large majority of whom are students  of color or Native students.   Funding for those critical institutions should never be up for  debate, and now, because of this, it will not be. I am so glad we have  reached a bipartisan deal that will permanently fund HBCUs and MSIs.   I know many of our colleagues worked very hard on this, but I  especially want to thank Senator Jones for his leadership in pushing to  make sure this got done, as well as my partner  [[Page S6866]]  Senator Alexander, and, of course, Senators Coons, Scott, and Burr.   I am also pleased that this legislation streamlines Federal student  aid for more than 20 million students applying for aid and nearly 8  million borrowers.   Our Nation's outdated and overly complicated financial aid system is  forcing students and borrowers to jump through too many hoops to access  Federal financial aid and verify their tax returns, which they have  already filled out, and to get help if they are struggling to pay their  student loans.   The FAFSA Act, which has been included in this bill, allows data to  be securely shared between the IRS and the Department of Education,  making it easier for students to fill out the FAFSA and pay their  loans.   This bill will strengthen privacy protections and how students and  borrowers navigate their financial aid through a streamlined, more  efficient process.   This bill is also thanks to Jeff Appel, an integral member of Federal  Student Aid who recently passed away. I am grateful for his  contribution, and I know that he will be sorely missed.   There is one more way in which this agreement we have reached is  important. This proves once again that we can work across the aisle and  get things done when we all stay focused squarely on what is best for  students.   We have a lot of work ahead of us to make higher education in our  country more affordable and accessible and to hold schools accountable  for student outcomes and ensure student safety on campus. I am hopeful  that we can build on this bipartisan progress we have seen so far as we  continue working together to reauthorize the Higher Education Act in a  comprehensive way.   Again, I want to thank all of my colleagues for their work on this,  and I look forward to more to come.   