 Mr. President, I rise today to continue my tribute to  Nebraska heroes--the men and women who have given their lives defending  our freedom in Iraq and Afghanistan. Each of these Nebraskans has a  powerful story to tell.   Today I will reflect upon the life of Nebraska Army National Guard  SPC Blake Kelly. Blake was a typical smalltown Nebraska boy. Born and  raised in Shelby, NE, which has a population of just over 700, Blake  lived next to the city park. His parents, Randy and Patty, have lived  in the same house for 44 years.   Blake's early life was filled with football, track, lifeguarding at  the local swimming pool in the summer, band major duties, and playing  the drums. In fact, he met his future wife, Christina, at band practice  in 1997. He loved to play the drums, and the neighborhood, well, always  knew when he was practicing.   When he was old enough to cruise around Shelby, his dad, Randy,  bought him a 1976 Dodge Charger. Every smalltown Nebraska boy needs a  car. Blake knew everyone around town and everyone knew him. He was  always happy and eager to help someone solve a problem.   In high school, one of his teachers encouraged him to join the  National Guard. For Blake, this was an opportunity to spread his wings  and go to college using the Guard's tuition assistance program.   In 2000, between his junior and senior years in high school, he went  through Army basic training at Fort Jackson, SC. Before graduation in  2001, he asked Christina to marry him. After becoming engaged and  graduating from high school, Blake attended advanced training at Fort  Knox, in Kentucky, that included Ranger training. He returned home in  September 2001 just as life in the United States was changing forever  following the 9/11 terrorist attacks.   Shortly after, Blake enrolled at Southeast Community College in  Beatrice to study animal science. There he became interested in rodeo  and joined the school's rodeo team. The year 2002 was a busy one for  Blake, filled with school, National Guard training with the 1st  Squadron, 167th Cavalry, known as the Cav, and wedding planning. He and  Christina tied the knot on September 7, 2002, just as the Cav was  preparing to deploy to Bosnia.   At that time, early Active-Duty Army resources were devoted to  fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, but the United States still had  significant commitments to peacekeeping operations in the Balkans. The  Cav's mission was an ideal one for the National Guard and a critical  element in our national security.   The Cav arrived in Bosnia in January 2003, and just before Blake left  Nebraska with the unit, Christina learned that she was pregnant. In  Bosnia, Blake delved into the mission at hand. He was always ready and  eager to serve, and he connected well with the local population. Unit  chaplains needed help, and so he embraced his Catholic faith even more  deeply by becoming a Eucharistic minister and actively supporting  chapel programs.   On July 29, 2003, Blake was killed in an accident involving his  convoy and a local vehicle. The loss of Blake was the first casualty of  a deployed Nebraska Army National Guard member in over a decade. His  community and the entire State were shocked.   He was buried at St. Mary's Catholic Church in rural Nebraska on  August 6, 2003. The entire town turned out for the funeral, as did  freedom riders from throughout Nebraska. Blake's son Simon was born in  September 2003, the month the Cav returned home from their deployment.   Today, Simon is a freshman in high school, and Christina maintains a  tight relationship with Blake's family. Randy and Patty, his parents,  still live in the same house in Shelby.   In 2014, the town of Shelby dedicated a veterans' memorial, and  Blake's family played a prominent role in the dedication ceremony.  Blake's spirit lives on, and he is remembered in so many ways.   SPC Blake Kelly embodied the pride of his small town and his State.  He served his country with distinction, and he loved his family. I am  honored to tell his story.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   