 Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and heroic  actions of Ryan Keith Cox.   On May 31, the year's largest mass shooting in America struck in our  Virginia Beach community. Keith was  [[Page H5957]]  amongst the 12 wonderful people who lost their lives in the tragedy. In  his final moments, Keith showed extraordinary bravery.   Keith was an active and irreplaceable member of our community. He  regularly attended his father's church, New Hope Baptist Church, where  he sang in the choir with his renowned golden voice. He had hoped to  follow his calling and his father's footsteps and become more active in  the ministry.   For 12 years, Keith served the city of Virginia Beach as a public  utilities employee. His coworkers described him as someone who was  always nice to others and treated colleagues to lunch. One colleague  called Keith a ``teddy bear'' who always knew what to say to make an  upset colleague smile.   Those who knew him said Keith embodied leadership. Keith's friends  and family agreed that he made his impact by putting the needs of  others before his own. Keith's last day on Earth was no different.   During the shooting, Keith led several of his coworkers to safety.  Keith then refused to take refuge, stating: ``I've got to see if  anybody else needs help.''   Keith stood watch and checked on his colleagues, voluntarily exposing  himself to a deadly line of fire. One of Keith's colleagues summed it  up: ``If it wasn't for him, there would have been several more people  who perished.''   In our community's darkest hour, Keith prioritized the safety of his  colleagues over his own. He was a true servant leader who made the  ultimate sacrifice.   This is our chance to tell Keith's story, to showcase his heroism to  our community, our Commonwealth, and our Nation. I was proud to  introduce this bill to name a local post office after Keith. When we  walk by that post office and see Keith's name, we will think of the  sacrifice and of the lives that he saved.   I thank the Virginia delegation for supporting this bipartisan  legislation to honor Keith's legacy and impact on our Virginia Beach  community.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this bill.   