 Mr. President, I rise today in strong opposition to the  legislation that the Presiding Officer has authored. It would  significantly interfere with the doctor-patient relationship, and it  would pose new obstacles to a woman's constitutionally protected right  to make her own decisions about her reproductive health.   Regardless of what the intent of the legislation is, the fact is, the  way it is written, it intimidates doctors with the threat of criminal  liability for performing safe and legal abortions. It will have a  chilling effect on the ability of women to access the services they  need in the United States.   We must always remember that abortions that are performed later in  pregnancy are most often done as the result of severe fetal diagnoses  and the serious risks that pregnancy poses to the life of the mother.   And let's be very clear: This isn't a decision that any women or  family wants to be in a position to make. It is tragic and it is  heartbreaking, and efforts to politicize the trauma of women and  families who have been forced to make this decision are really  shameful, and it sets a dangerous precedent for women's comprehensive  healthcare.   By installing new uncertainty and risk of criminal liability into the  process for late-term abortions, this legislation increases the risk  that women will not be able to get the medical care they need when  their pregnancy poses a risk to their lives. This bill ignores those  important realities in what appears to be an attempt to score political  points with anti-choice groups.   Again and again, at every turn, we have seen this administration and  our Republican colleagues push forward policies intended to threaten  access to abortion care. Just last week, the Trump administration cut  off critical family planning resources for family planning clinics that  offer information and referrals for women seeking to obtain legal  abortions. If you want to prevent abortions, you want to make sure  families have access to family planning. We know that is an important  way to reduce the number of abortions in this country.   So we are seeing that this bill is just another line of attack in the  ongoing war on women's health. Now more than ever, we need to stand up  and help protect women's healthcare and make certain that abortions  remain safe and legal.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation and its consideration  on the Senate floor.   I yield the floor.   