 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the proud sponsor of this  bill, the BRIDGE for Workers Act. I want to express my gratitude to the  three original cosponsors of this bipartisan legislation: Congresswoman  Walorski, Congresswoman Torres Small, and Congressman LaHood. I also  thank Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady for their leadership on  the committee, and Chairman   Danny Davis and his staff for all the  work they have done on this bill to prepare it for floor consideration.   Mr. Speaker, no American worker wants to be unemployed, and it is  vital for our government to provide cost-effective support during that  challenging and stressful time. Our focus should be on giving  unemployed workers the skills and resources required to return to the  workforce as quickly as possible. We want everyone to feel the sense of  dignity that comes with earning a paycheck, providing for their family,  and contributing to our economy.   One way we support unemployed workers is through the Reemployment  Services and Eligibility Assessment program. This program, administered  by the Department of Labor, makes annual grants to States and  territories to provide a range of services to recipients of  unemployment benefits. Services include individual career counseling,  assistance with job searches, and information on the local job market.   Under current law, States can only use these grants to assist workers  who are expected to exhaust their unemployment benefits without having  found a job. That is an unnecessary restriction that prevents many  unemployed workers from getting valuable assistance.   Our bill would remove this restriction and allow States to use their  grants to provide support to any individual receiving unemployment  benefits, as long as the State believes these services would help the  individual return to work more quickly. We provided a 1-year patch in  the 2019 appropriations bill to make this change temporarily, but this  bill would make it permanent.   This is a critical step because research shows the longer workers are  out of work, the harder it can be to maintain their skills, their  professional networks, and a stable home life. By combining targeted  reemployment services with unemployment insurance benefits, we will  help keep people attached to the labor force who might otherwise become  discouraged and give up looking for a job.    In my home State of Florida, it is estimated this bill could provide  up to 25,000 additional individuals claiming unemployment benefits each  week with access to reemployment services.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask my colleagues to support the  bipartisan BRIDGE for Workers Act.  [[Page H3150]]        