 Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman from  New Jersey's amendment, which would ban sales of all air-to-ground  munitions to Saudi Arabia and UAE for a period of 1 year.   The gentleman and I have worked together on many human rights issues,  including on legislation that would hold Saudi Arabia accountable for  the killing of Jamal Khashoggi, and I share the gentleman's concern for  the Saudi-led coalition's record on human rights.   But, while I understand the gentleman's amendment is intended to  address concerns about the Yemen conflict, which I share, this  amendment is not the correct approach to do so.   Rather than provide clear conditions and benchmarks regarding our  strategic partners' wartime conduct, the effect of this amendment would  simply slam the door.   Disengaging will not help us end the war in Yemen, nor will it help  us contain Iran's malign influence.   Iran is backing Houthi rebels in Yemen, who toppled the  internationally recognized government in Yemen and began a bloody civil  war that has roiled the region since 2015.   Iran has helped the Houthis target civilian infrastructure in Saudi  Arabia, and on June 6, Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen shot down a  U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone using an Iranian--an Iranian--surface-to-air  missile.   U.S. Central Command said the attack was ``enabled by Iranian  assistance.''   Iran's increasingly reckless and aggressive behavior is deeply  concerning. Saudi Arabia and the UAE are on the front lines of the  struggle to contain Iran.   As partners like Saudi Arabia continue to endure Houthi attacks on  civilian targets, we need a tailored approach that helps our partners  protect their national security while minimizing casualties.   This amendment is not tailored, and it will not make the Arabian  peninsula safer.   Madam Chair, I urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the last few months has seen Iran  perpetrate a series of provocative actions against the U.S. and its  regional partners:   On May 15, armed drones struck two Saudi oilfields, resulting in the  ordered departure of nonessential personnel from U.S. Embassy Baghdad  and the General Consulate Erbil;   On May 16, the head of the Quds Force called on the terror groups to  prepare for a proxy war;   Armed drones launched by the Houthis have repeatedly attacked a  civilian airport in Saudi Arabia;   On June 19, Iran shot down U.S. military assets over international  waters;   And, just yesterday, the British Navy prevented three Iranian  parliamentary vessels from impeding the passage of a British oil tanker  transiting the Strait of Hormuz.   This is not the time to walk away from our strategic allies. We share  a common threat. We must be certain that they are equipped with the  tools they need to defend their national security and to work with us  in countering common threats that destabilize this region.   I firmly believe the United States can support our strategic allies  while also insisting that they prosecute the war in Yemen more  responsibly.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   