 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment, which I am coleading with  Congresswoman Yvette Clarke of New York, involves a looming threat to  American security and American democracy from the use of deepfake  technology by our Nation's adversaries.   As policymakers, we must understand this challenge and put in place a  whole-of-government strategy to address it in a way that protects our  interests and is consistent with our values. The U.S. intelligence  community has an important role to play in this effort.   The House Intelligence Committee, led by Chairman Schiff, recently  held an illuminating and alarming hearing on deepfakes. As the  witnesses at that hearing testified, technology now enables anyone with  a computer, internet access, and technical skills to create fabricated  and relatively convincing video and audio recordings that depict  individuals doing or saying things that they did not do or say.   The technology behind deepfakes is rapidly evolving. Soon individuals  will be able to create highly realistic and difficult to debunk video  and audio content. At a time when Americans are already being  inundated, especially online, by a flood of false or misleading  information, deepfake technology has the potential to make it even  harder for the American public to trust what it sees and hears.   It is easy to imagine the different ways in which deepfake technology  could be exploited by America's foes. Imagine a Russian intelligence  service creating a video purporting to show an American Presidential  candidate accepting a bribe or an audio recording purporting to reveal  an American Secretary of State saying something inflammatory about an  ally. Or imagine a Chinese-produced video that falsely depicts the  commander of a U.S. military unit committing a war crime. Such efforts,  if not quickly exposed as false by the United States, could create  havoc.   In today's world, perhaps the biggest national security threat we  face is not the risk of direct military conflict between the United  States and Russia, China, Iran, or another adversary. Instead, the  threat lurks in the gray space short of kinetic action. It is  illustrated by Russian efforts to intervene in the 2016 Presidential  election, most notably in my home State of Florida. It is the threat  from authoritarian governments using new technologies to spread  disinformation, sow discord, create divisions, and cause the American  people to lose faith in our democratic form of government.   To address this threat, our amendment requires the DNI to prepare a  report for Congress on how foreign countries are using or could use  deepfake technology to harm the United States and to explain how the  intelligence community is working to develop appropriate  countermeasures. This report will help us to understand the problem and  to combat it more effectively.   We must get this right because the stakes couldn't be higher. I urge  my colleagues to support this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California  (Chairman Schiff).    Madam Chair, I urge support for this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, our amendment would require the Director of  National Intelligence, in coordination with the Secretaries of State  and Defense, to prepare a report for Congress on efforts by Iran to  establish long-term influence in Syria using both hard and soft power  and the threat that this proposes to U.S. interests and allies,  including Israel.   Syria's civil war, which began in 2011, has brought an influx of  Iranian-backed forces into Syria. Iran and Syria are both designated by  the United States as state sponsors of terrorism. Their military  partnership dates back decades, and Iran regards Syria as one of its  most important allies.   Iran and Iranian-backed forces, including the Islamic Revolutionary  Guard Corps and Hezbollah, have provided manpower, training, weapons,  and funding to the Syrian Government, led by President Bashar al-Assad.  This assistance, coupled with support from Russia, has enabled the  Assad government to retain or regain territory in Syria, and the Assad  government currently maintains control over roughly two-thirds of the  country.   Iran's goals in Syria include protecting the Assad government,  increasing Iran's regional influence, threatening Israel from a closer  location, building weapon production facilities and other military  infrastructure, and securing a land bridge that would connect Iran to  Hezbollah's stronghold in southern Lebanon via Iraq and Syria.   It is clear that Iran is seeking long-term influence in Syria and is  pursuing this objective through military, political, and social means.   Iran's effort to establish a military presence in Syria has led to  repeated confrontations with Israel. In February of 2018, Israel shot  down an Iranian drone flying over Israeli territory and then targeted  the base in Syria from which the drone was launched. In May 2018,  Israel launched strikes against Iranian military installations in  Syria. Iran responded by firing missiles at Israeli positions in the  Golan Heights, and Israel then targeted nearly all of Iran's military  infrastructure in Syria.   Iranian and Iranian-backed forces also seek to enhance their  influence in Syria through nonmilitary means, such as purchasing  strategic real estate, constructing Shia religious centers and schools,  securing loyalty from Sunni tribes, and inducing the Assad government  to open Farsi language departments at Syrian universities.   In a startling move, President Trump has proposed to withdraw all or  most U.S. forces from Syria, a proposal I view as a profound mistake.  But regardless of the number of U.S. troops deployed to Syria, I  believe it is a vital U.S. interest to prevent Iran, Hezbollah, and  other Iranian-backed forces from establishing an enduring presence in  Syria.   Our amendment would require the DNI to assess how Iran is using hard  and soft power to gain long-term influence in Syria. Among other  things, the IC would examine how U.S. efforts to strengthen Kurdish  forces in Syria could undermine Iran, how the U.S. helps Israel  identify threats from Iran and Syria, and how Iran's influence over  Syrian institutions could increase the likelihood that the Islamic  State will reconstitute itself inside Syria.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I urge support for the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   