 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 37,  which would end U.S. involvement in the Yemen conflict that has claimed  tens of thousands of lives and will soon enter its 4th year.   The humanitarian situation in Yemen is grave and deteriorating. Since  the conflict began in 2015 between the Saudi-led military coalition and  the Houthi militias, Yemen has faced what is widely recognized as the  worst humanitarian crisis in the world.   The conflict has displaced millions of Yemenis, shattered the  country, and triggered a famine that has 13 million men, women and  children facing starvation.   Additionally, the country is facing an outbreak of cholera of  unprecedented scale, with over a million cases of this disease because  of the destruction of Yemen's water and sanitation infrastructure.   The United States has provided weapons, targeting assistance and  refueling support to the Saudi-led coalition since the conflict began.  However, this support was never authorized by Congress and is not  covered by any existing Authorization for the Use of Military Force.   In addition, the coalition's bombing campaign has caused significant  numbers of civilian casualties, and the conflict continues with no end  in sight.   My district is home to a large Yemeni-American community, and I  constantly hear stories of the suffering caused by the Yemen conflict  and the dire humanitarian situation on the ground.   The breadth and magnitude of the humanitarian crisis is almost  unimaginable, and we must take action to address this without delay.   This begins with ending our nation's involvement in the Yemen war.  U.S. involvement in the Yemen conflict has undermined our nation's  moral authority and has never been authorized by Congress.   I strongly urge my colleagues to support this important resolution,  which will send a strong signal that this Congress will not stand idly  by in the face of such actions.   H.J. Res. 37 will help bring an end to the suffering of the Yemeni  people and reassert Congress's authority as a coequal branch of  government. It is my hope that passage of this resolution will be the  first step toward healing Yemen and ending this brutal and senseless  conflict.   