 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota  (Mrs. Craig) for yielding.   I rise in very strong support of H.R. 1331, the bipartisan Local  Water Protection Act, and I wish to thank Representatives Craig and  Mast for their leadership in introducing this bill that will help many  communities in Minnesota, Florida, California, and around the country  manage and treat pollution in our rivers, lakes, and seas.   The bill authorizes $200 million annually for EPA to provide grants  to States to address nonpoint source water pollution. This is pollution  that comes when rain runoff carries toxins, fertilizers, metals, and  other contaminants from farms, roads, and forests into the water  bodies.   Today, according to the data provided by the State of California, my  home State, approximately 89 percent of my State's assessed rivers and  streams currently do not meet the State water quality standards. That  is pretty high. And of that number, somewhere between 30 to 60 percent  are impaired because of nonpoint sources of pollution in the State,  both urban and rural sources. The number is staggering and has remained  relatively constant over the past decade.   As Mrs. Craig mentioned, States around the country are experiencing  the same level of unacceptable pollution entering their waterways, and  this bill will address it.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Mrs.  Craig)  [[Page H3111]]  and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast) for introducing this  bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation, which will help all of our congressional districts.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Grijalva for yielding.   I also rise in very strong support of H.R. 2030, the Colorado River  Drought Contingency Plan Authorization Act, and I thank Mr. Grijalva  for his leadership on this issue that is so vital to the seven Colorado  River Basin States including: Arizona, California, Nevada, Colorado,  New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming.   The Colorado River Drought Contingency Plan, known as DCP, is a great  achievement of collaboration, compromise, and foresight agreed to by  the seven basin States after 2 years of negotiations.   As stated by my colleague on the other side of the aisle, it is quite  an important matter to the States. It reflects a realistic appraisal by  water managers in the Colorado River system of increasing water  scarcity with the watershed in its 19th year of drought. That is a long  time, and I think this will help prevent it.   Collectively, the basin States developed a practical, workable  approach that provides for enhanced conservation and new management  tools to address shortages on the river system.   This will allow California and other water users to store water in  Lake Mead for the good of the entire system and habitat, and increase  conservation measures in the basin, and bank--of all things--bank  excess water supplies for future use.   The drought contingency plan is supported by the California Natural  Resources Agency, the Colorado River Board of California, California  Native Tribes, and the Metropolitan Water District of Southern  California.   This legislation will authorize the Secretary of the Interior to  implement what the seven basin States have agreed upon. The legislation  protects all environmental laws and existing environmental documents  that govern the river.    Enactment of this authorizing legislation will not only support the  interstate agreement, but would also implement Minute 323 of our treaty  with Mexico to address transnational water cooperation on the Colorado  River. This allows Mexico to bank water in Lake Mead for the benefit of  our country to prevent shortage conditions and maximize power  production.    Mr. Speaker, we are blessed that we have a good  snowpack in the Upper Colorado River watershed this year. The  legislation also provides us the opportunity to take advantage of this  extra water by beginning implementation immediately of the DCP.   We must also support collaborative approaches to manage our most  precious natural resource: water. The DCP creates increased  dependability to the water users in southern California and the seven  basin States.   I urge my colleagues to strongly support H.R. 2030, and I urge the  Senate to pass this legislation immediately.   