 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the  Virgin Islands for her leadership. It is imperative that we use our  platform as Members of Congress to highlight the crisis of mental  illness.   So often when we talk about gun violence, it leaves the crisis of gun  violence and goes to mental illness; but we have not, as America, taken  the steps we need to take.   Black and African American communities, we are seeing 13.2 percent of  the U.S. population who are identified as Black or African American; of  those, 16 percent has a diagnosed mental illness in the past year.   I had a friend of mine, she is a therapist, and we had a roundtable  in the community that I hosted on mental illness. The T-shirt she  wears, says: ``I'm an African American. I go to church. I believe in  God. And I see my therapist.''   So often in our community you hear the words, ``just pray about it  and God will fix it.'' But you don't say that to someone who has heart  disease. Yes, we pray and, yes, we believe in God, but we also must get  the healthcare we need. Mental health is an issue that we are facing.   And when we talk about women, we just had this amazing, informative  dinner tonight, and the stress, the abuse, the separation, and they  were giving us examples: at 3 in the morning, hearing the weeping and  crying of women who have not seen their children, would just love to  put their arms around them, those who are in prison and have no clue  why they are in there, and to have the guards tell them that they have  to perform sexual acts if they want to see their children, and if they  fail to do it, they deny them access.   When these women come out of prison, they are broken and they are  wounded. And the major issue that we need to confront, when you talk  about women surviving and their mental health, the number one criteria  for a woman to be reunited with her children is housing.   If a woman has been imprisoned, she has no income. She comes out  homeless. She is living in a shelter, and she cannot provide the  housing, and so she is still not joined together with her child. And  she is confronting her children, being a free woman, who are crying,  saying: Mommy, when are we going to go home together again?   And another issue, think about in Washington, D.C., a two-bedroom  apartment, and the law requires that, if you have a boy and a girl, you  have to have at least a three-bedroom apartment. Can you imagine the  costs? And how can a woman afford that?    We have so many historical issues that have impacted the  socioeconomic resources, the economic resources, that there are  disparities by African Americans today. The socioeconomic status, in  turn, is linked to mental health.   People who are in prison, people who are homeless, incarcerated, or  have substance abuse problems are at a higher risk for poor mental  health. And putting people who are mentally ill in prison has become  the norm in America.   Instead of us stepping up and using our ability to provide mental  health, we incarcerate. And we see the victims of people with mental  illness killing people through gun violence, and all we do is have a  moment of silence, and we talk about, well, we knew something was wrong  with them.   We heard a parent on the TV, because we just had another shooting,  and he was saying: I tried to get help and no one would help me. I knew  my son was mentally ill. I cried out.   We must change this in America.   I thank the gentlewoman so much for giving us an opportunity to bring  this voice and, hopefully, shake America awake to this issue. We have  so much work to do. We need to see our physical doctor, and we need  mental health, as well, in America.   