 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 582.  This bill is yet another overreaching power-grab from Washington.  Missouri voters already decided to raise their minimum wage last year.  However, now the federal government believes it knows better than the  states and wants to force a one-size-fits-all policy on all Americans.  Unfortunately, this policy will cost 3.7 million jobs nationwide, and  would cause nearly half of families with a minimum wage earner to see a  reduction in household income.   Even more concerning, H.R. 582 contains a provision to remove choices  for disabled workers and their families. Section 6 of this bill would  eliminate the 14(c) certificates which enable Sheltered Workshops to  operate.   Sheltered Workshops are non-profit, local, or state organizations  that provide dignified employment opportunities for individuals who are  developmentally, physically, or mentally impaired. These opportunities  are enabled by the 14(c) certificates which allows individuals to be  paid a wage commensurate with their ability level. Sheltered Workshops  also provide the necessary tools for those with disabilities to succeed  in their jobs and can help these individuals acclimate to the  workforce, and even learn and hone their life and social skills. The  level of training and support provided by Sheltered Workshops is  essential to the success of the individuals who work there.   No family wants fewer options when deciding how to help their child  with disabilities succeed. That is why the 14(c) provision and the  Sheltered Workshops provide more options, especially for those who may  not ``fit'' or desire Vocational Rehabilitation services or Medicaid  Waiver services. Without the 14(c) provision, many of the people  working in sheltered workshops would be left to fend for themselves in  the ``competitive workforce'' or stay home. The 14(c) provision is  necessary for providing these individuals the tools they need to  succeed.   That is why I submitted an amendment to strike Section 6 from H.R.  582. Unfortunately, my amendment was not made in order which is one  more reason why I must oppose this flawed legislation. Let's defeat  this bill and preserve job choices for Americans.   