 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that as in  legislative session, the Senate proceed to Calendar No. 153, H.R. 1327;  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I am deeply disappointed that my  colleague has just objected to the desperately needed and urgent bill  for our 9/11 first responders--a bipartisan bill that just earned over  400 votes in the U.S. House of Representatives and that has 73  cosponsors in this Chamber.   Enough of the political games. Our  9/11 first responders and the entire Nation are watching to see if this  body actually cares. Do we care about the men and women who answer the  call of duty?   When our country was attacked on  9/11/2001, the entire world looked on in shock as many people  rightfully sought to get away as quickly as they could. As those towers  began to crumble, there was one group of men and women--our heroes, the  bravest among us--who ran the opposite way. They ran toward danger.  They raced up the towers. They went into harm's way to answer the call  of duty.   Then, in the days and weeks that followed and the months and months  that followed, life slowly began to return to normal for the rest of  the country, but at Ground Zero, nothing was normal. The pile kept  burning. It was smoldering. You could smell it blocks and blocks away-- 10 blocks, 20 blocks, 30 blocks away. Men and women kept going to that  pile to do the very hard work of, first, trying to find survivors and  then, of course, just trying to find remains and doing all the hard  work of cleaning up. They dove in. They got to work. They wanted to  help our country heal.   Now more than 18 years have actually passed, and thousands of those  men and women have actually died. Thousands more are getting sick. They  are getting grueling, painful diseases, like cancer, and they are now  dying. Why? Because they did the work at Ground Zero that we asked them  to do, and it made them very sick--the air they breathed, the smoke,  the burning metal, the crushed glass, the crushed electronics, the  toxins they breathed in that the EPA told them was safe.   These heroes have since had to quit their jobs and doing the jobs  they love and providing for the families they love because they are too  sick. They have had to give up their income. They have had to give up  their dreams. They have had to give up their future. They have had to  face the terrifying reality that they are actually going to die because  of what they did on 9/11 and the months thereafter.   If that wasn't a great enough burden, they had to use their most  precious commodity, time--time away from their families, time away from  their friends, and time away from their children, from their loved  ones, and from their community. To do what? To come here. To come here  to walk the Halls of Congress, to go to office after office, to ask  that this body and this government stand by them in their greatest time  of need, to ask for the basic compensation that they have earned and  deserve, to ask for the healthcare that could actually keep them alive  maybe another year longer and not have to go through bankruptcy, and to  have to come here week after week, spending thousands of dollars of  their own money, sacrificing the time and energy that they have left.   I have seen first responders in wheelchairs, attached to oxygen  tanks, spending their last moments here in Congress just asking that we  do the right thing.   Almost a decade ago, 9 years after the attacks, Congress finally  listened. We passed a healthcare and compensation fund for the people  who got sick because of 9/11, but that compensation fund was only  designed to last for 5 years. You know how this place works. They  wanted to make sure it worked right. They wanted to make sure every i  was dotted and every t was crossed. They wanted to make sure there  could be no fraud and no corruption. Well, of course, there wasn't. So  it was limited. These first responders--many of them sick and some  dying--had to come back again and again and again to spend more of  their time walking these halls.   Eventually, we passed another compensation bill, but, again, it was  for another 5 years. Even though thousands of 9/11 first responders are  sick and even more will become sick, they still had to come back, even  though some of these diseases are lifetime diseases and more will die.  And, now, sadly, the fund is running out.   The 5 years aren't over yet, and the Federal Government is already  having to tell these families who have gotten cancer and died since 9/ 11 that we have actually run out of money for them, that the  compensation they have earned and the need their families have will be  cut by up to 70 percent.   Once again, sick and dying first responders are being forced to come  here to knock on our office doors to remind Members of Congress of what  they did on that day and the weeks and months since, to tell them their  personal stories of how painful it is to lose everything you love.  First, it is your ability to work, then your ability to play with your  kids, then your ability to eat, and then your ability to breathe.   I believe we have a responsibility--a sacred responsibility--so that  anyone in this Chamber who has any sense of decency, compassion, or  patriotism would listen to our first responders and give them what they  need: a permanent compensation program so that these men and women will  never have to spend another moment in these hallways again.   We could pass this bill right now, but, instead, my colleague has  objected, asking people to come back over and over. Everyone loves to  point fingers in this place, but there is nowhere else to point that  finger today than this Chamber.   The House has already passed the bill overwhelmingly 402 to 12. It is  about as bipartisan as it gets. Shame on those 12 Members who voted no.   The same bipartisan bill, the one I just called on my colleagues to  pass already, has 73 cosponsors--73. When was the last time that  happened?   I want to say how grateful I am to my Republican colleague from  Colorado, Senator Gardner, for leading this bipartisan bill with me. In  these divided times, what other bill can you imagine would have so much  support by both parties?   Enough is enough. We should pass this bill today. We should have  passed this bill today, and I hope we can pass this bill with no  further delay.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Schumer for being  such an extraordinary advocate for the men and women who have served  our Nation. This bill would never have gotten this far without his  leadership, without his dedication, and without his absolute commitment  to the men and women in the Gallery, as well as the men and women in  all 50 States throughout this country.   I thank Senator Schumer for never giving up on this bill and for  always bringing it across the finish line when we need his skills and  his leadership and his tenacity the most. I thank him, for the record,  for his undying commitment to the men and women who serve this Nation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   