 Madam President, I am privileged to be on the floor  today with the Senator from Iowa, Ms. Ernst. I am here to join in a  chorus of voices to ask this Congress to do better, to do our to-do  list, and to do the things people sent us here to do. I am going to  highlight some of the critical items Congress still needs to get done.  Senator Ernst talked about them very eloquently.   When I am home in West Virginia, people ask me about policies that  impact their everyday lives. They ask about healthcare. They ask about  the pensions and healthcare for our retired miners. They ask about  surprise medical bills. I have certainly received them, and many people  in this country every day, 2 or 3 months after an operation or a visit  to the hospital, may receive a bill in the mail they had no idea was  coming their way.   The high cost of prescription drugs is an issue that hits many of us  in our pocketbooks, and particularly for those who suffer from disease  or who are elderly, it is a particular strain on their wallets. They  ask about national security and caring for our veterans. Here is one  everybody complains about, including all of us here--robocalls. Can  somebody please stop the onslaught of robocalls?   We have legislation, but we are not getting the action on it that we  need. We need better trade deals that will help grow our economy and  support our American workers.   Do you know what they are not asking me about? My constituents are  not asking me about the latest impeachment headline. They are not  asking me about witnesses in front of a House committee or the newest  ``breaking news'' over on the House side. In their minds--it is just a  bunch of Washington hoopla to most people.   A few days ago, I ran into some constituents while I was running  errands, and they said to me: Just stop this. Stop this. Something  similar happened while I was grocery shopping. The butcher said to me:  Aren't you just tired of it?   Well, yes, I am.   We have 2 weeks until Congress leaves for Christmas break and 21 days  until the end of the month, and we still have so much to do. Our sole  focus should be on legislating and making life better for people across  the country.   I can tell you, as somebody who has been in this body and in the  House for several years, when you rush to judgment and when you rush to  legislate, that is when things that you don't know get into bills and  things that you want in bills don't get into bills. So rushing into  legislating is not the fairest way to do it.   I am pleased that at long last, we are going to pass the National  Defense Authorization Act that protects our national security and  supports our men and women in uniform. We still need to pass  appropriations bills that fund much of our Federal Government. I am the  chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee, so I very much want to  see us enact a bill that will provide critical resources to protect  this country.   Homeland Security. Sure, we have Border Patrol, we have the wall, and  we have ICE. Do you know what else we have? We have the Coast Guard,  TSA, the Secret Service, FEMA--absolutely essential services. This  includes funding for our immigration laws and also continuing to fund  the work on the border wall system. I want to see us pass all 11 of  these bills, as well as provide funding for our troops and our  veterans. Funding medical research. I am committed to funding  Alzheimer's research, addressing the opioid epidemic, infrastructure,  and many other priorities.   I also have a priority that really affects just part of the country  but deeply affects those of us in West Virginia. We need to enact the  Bipartisan American Miners Act this year. Congress must act to save the  healthcare of 13,000 retired miners and protect the pension benefits of  about 92,000 people. More than 25,000 retired miners received benefits  in West Virginia last year. We have a bipartisan bill to address this  critical issue for our mining families and for West Virginia  communities. It is critical that we pass this bill before the end of  the year because this situation is getting more dire every single day.  [[Page S6935]]    The USMCA--United States-Mexico-Canada trade agreement--has been  waiting for action all year, as Senator Ernst said. I am glad to see  that Speaker Pelosi is finally moving on this. It is an agreement that  will grow our economy and includes robust protections for American  workers. We have to get this across the finish line.   I am especially proud of the work we are doing on the Environment and  Public Works Committee. We passed a bipartisan 5-year highway bill. It  had a unanimous vote, 21 to 0. It would help improve roads, highways,  and bridges that Americans count on every day to travel safely, whether  they are going to church, going to the job, or going on a family trip.  Reauthorization of the Federal Surface Transportation Program is a top  priority for the coming year.   We have a lot to do in the coming days, but we also have lots to do  in the coming year. I hope we will work together and not practice the  past practices of this year. I hope we will work together to get the  job done.   I yield back.   