 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have nothing but great respect for my  colleague who offered this; and I do wish that we could do this  together and not politicize it. But that is exactly what we are doing.   This motion to recommit would just totally undermine this bill  because it is a short and incomplete reauthorization; and it undermines  the Violence Against Women Act and this important effort to reauthorize  it.   This bill takes out things that have become so basic, like the Rape  Prevention Fund, testing of rape case kits, which is a horror across  this country in how many haven't been tested.   It takes away child abuse training. None of that is in this motion to  recommit.   And what makes me really sad is that this bill is one of the most  successful laws this House has passed. In the 25 years since it was  enacted, violence against women by a spouse, or an intimate partner,  has dropped by 65 percent. We need to build on that progress.   Since then, victims, survivors, and the communities where we live  have relied on the Congress to help provide resources needed to prevent  and investigate these crimes and to assist survivors.   I remember what it was like. I remember what it was like when you  [[Page H3086]]  called the police and they didn't come because your father was an  important man in town.   I remember what it was like when someone on our college campus was  raped, and the police came to them and said: ``It's your fault'' and  would do nothing.   And I don't want anybody in this House to forget that Michigan State  University, with hundreds of victims, was only brought to the forefront  last year, when hundreds of victims tried to tell people something was  happening, and nobody would listen. We cannot go back to those days.  Since the original passage of this bill, we have learned from  experience and from the unfortunate continued perpetuation of these  crimes.   This House, together, on a bipartisan basis, we authorized VAWA in  2000, 2005, and 2013. This bill builds on our progress and success. We  must not only reauthorize it, but make its programs even more  effective, and help survivors of sexual assault, domestic violence, and  other forms of harm with issues that they face.    Women are staying in these situations because they need to go to the  doctor and they can't afford healthcare; they can't find a place to  live; they don't have economic security. These are among the issues  that this bill is trying to address.   This motion to recommit would kill the bill, and it leaves victims  vulnerable.   I do volunteer work at these domestic--at places where people go for  domestic abuse.   Have you talked to anybody there? Do you know how scared they are  because funding is already being impacted?   Stepping back means looking the other way when victimization is  taking place; and they are counting on us to do something. That is why  we cannot undermine this important law.   And I am going to say one other thing. Do not let the NRA bully you.  This is not a poison pill. The provision in this bill--don't forget who  I was married to. John Dingell was on the NRA board. Hell, he helped  start it. But all this does--we are not taking away due process. All  this does is say that if someone has been convicted, convicted, as an  intimate partner, that they would not have access to a gun. And if  someone has been convicted of stalking--   You know what I would say to all of you?   