 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R.  2140, the Preventing Child Marriage in Displaced Populations Act, and I  thank the chairman, along with the ranking member and all of my  colleagues, for supporting this piece of bipartisan legislation through  Foreign Affairs.   Humanitarian crises put women and girls at a much higher risk of  violence and exploitation, including child marriage. Nine of the ten  countries with the highest rates of child marriage are fragile states  where weak institutions, high rates of violence, and stagnant economies  make families more likely to resort to child marriage.   One United Nations study found that child marriage rates were four  times higher among displaced Syrian refugees than among Syrians before  the crisis. This indicates that displacement, instability, and poverty  are driving child marriages.   Important research conducted by UNICEF revealed that, in 2018, more  than 700 million women and girls, worldwide, were married before their  18th birthday; and of these, 250 million were married before their 15th  birthday. Madam Speaker, these women are more likely to experience  domestic violence and have worse educational, economic, and health  prospects than their unmarried peers.   United Nations agencies have acknowledged the dangers of child  marriage and taken steps to address it. The U.N. Joint Program on Child  Marriage builds the resilience of populations to indirectly prevent  child marriage and generates data and evidence on the prevalence of  child marriage in humanitarian and fragile settings.   In Uganda, the U.N. Joint Program on Child Marriage helped 27,000  adolescent girls strengthen critical skills through school clubs and Go  Back to School campaigns, as well as life skills and financial literacy  training.   Last year, after the U.N. Joint Program on Child Marriage identified  Yemen as one of its focus countries, 65,000 people, of whom 45,000 were  adolescents, were reached with awareness-raising activities on the  harms of child marriage. As a result, local council representatives,  elders, and community leaders from six districts signed a pledge to  support advocacy efforts to end child marriage.   My legislation would direct the United States to lead U.N. efforts to  adopt a definition of ``child marriage'' and craft a comprehensive  strategy to address child marriages in U.N.-administered refugee  settlements. This strategy would include protocols to prevent and  monitor child marriages; programs to provide physical, mental, and  emotional support for victims; programs offering alternatives for child  marriage; and measures to ensure that adults who are participating in  illegal child marriages are held accountable.   Child marriage is a violation of human rights and a form of violence  against women and children. I urge my colleagues to support the  Preventing Child Marriage in Displaced Populations Act.   Madam Speaker, in closing, I want to thank the chairman for working  with the ranking member, myself, and all of our colleagues on a  bipartisan basis to make sure that we are supporting women and girls in  these U.N. refugee camps. It is wonderful to be part of a committee  that works in such a strong, bipartisan fashion. I am grateful for  their support.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   