 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  2440, the Full Utilization of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund Act.   First, I want to recognize the leadership of my Chairman, the  gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) for his leadership on this issue  and shepherding H.R. 2440 through the legislative process. His tenacity  on this issue is one of the main reasons why we are here today, and  will, hopefully be successful in moving this bill through the House.   I also want to thank the Ranking Member of the Full Committee, the  gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Graves); the Subcommittee Ranking Member,  the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman); and the gentleman from  Pennsylvania, (Mr. Kelly) for their support of this legislation as  original cosponsors.   H.R. 2440 authorizes a discretionary cap adjustment for the full- utilization of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund by the U.S. Army Corps  of Engineers (Corps). This change would enable the investment of  approximately $34 billion over the next decade from the Harbor  Maintenance Trust Fund for the intended purpose of maintaining  Federally-authorized harbors. This will allow the Corps to dredge all  Federal harbors to their constructed widths and depths.   In 1986, Congress enacted the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as a user  fee by taxing importers and domestic shippers at our harbors in order  to pay for the maintenance of our harbors. The problem is that the  trust fund collects more revenue than the President's Budget requests  and Congress has appropriated to maintain our harbors.   According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the Harbor  Maintenance Trust Fund will collect an additional $24.5 billion in new  revenue over the next decade but federal appropriations from the trust  fund will only be $19.4 billion. This discrepancy is in addition to the  estimated $9.3 billion in previously collected but unspent revenue.   During the Subcommittee's hearing on April 10th, representatives from  ports both big and small all agreed that Congress must fully spend the  trust fund on harbor needs. H.R. 2440 would provide this authority to  spend the $24.5 billion in new revenue as intended on harbor  maintenance.   As we pass this responsible budgeting bill today, I also look forward  to working with my colleagues as we move forward with a Water Resources  Development Act this Congress to address inequities in how these funds  are spent.   