 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday evening I had the  opportunity to invite 100,000 of our fellow Tennesseans to join me in a  telephone townhall. We have found this is something Tennesseans like.  Instead of having to drive to a location, they are able to just pick up  the phone, and as they are doing homework with children or preparing  dinner, they are able to jump on the phone and talk about issues that  are important to them.   We covered a wide range of topics yesterday evening. We talked about  nuclear power and gun rights and healthcare for our veterans. We even  talked a little bit about an invasive fish species, Asian carp, and how  that is affecting our beautiful rivers.   There was one thing that continued to come out through the course of  this telephone townhall, and I bet you can guess what the topic was  that people continued to talk about.   Now, bear in mind that Tennesseans are, by and large, very dismissive  of what I call the DC shining object story of the day. Tennesseans are  much more interested in the story of their lives, but yesterday's  news--that breathless race to make news--really had Tennesseans  talking.   Yesterday, House Democrats, supported by their friends in the Senate,  gathered to announce their intention to begin formal impeachment  inquiries against President Donald Trump. As you can imagine, this  struck a chord with my fellow Tennesseans. They may be far outside the  beltway bubble, but they have been keeping a close eye on what the  Democrats have been up to for the past 3 years when it comes to  President Donald Trump.   Let me tell you, they are not very impressed with what has been  happening. From their perspective, yesterday's announcement was the  culmination of a 3-year witch hunt born of a grudge they have been  holding against the President since their chosen candidate failed to  win the 2016 election.   Before the President had taken his oath of office--bear in mind, he  was President-elect at that time--in December of 2016, Vanity Fair  published an article entitled ``Democrats are Paving the Way to Impeach  Donald Trump.'' Believe it or not, this was not just click bait. This  was a published article in a major magazine in December 2016.   The article details a bill Senate Democrats wanted to use to exploit  allegations of conflicts of interest between President-Elect Trump's  business dealings and President Trump's duties as President. Bear in  mind, the bill was tailor-made to transform conflict allegations into  impeachable crimes. And bear in mind, this was conceived before  President Trump became President Trump. He was still President-elect.  He had not been sworn into office, and they were already writing  legislation that would move to impeachment. It was the beginning of  their mission toward impeachment, even if they had to fabricate the  means to get there.   Let me tell you, they were determined to make it happen. The proof is  in black and white. In 2017, a group of House Democrats failed to  muster enough political will within their own  [[Page S5677]]  party to support a resolution to impeach President Trump. The same  effort failed again in 2018, and it failed again in 2019. Their efforts  to use the Mueller report to whip the Nation into an impeachment frenzy  failed. How frustrating that must have been for a party and a movement  that all but promised they would find a way to impeach the President  because they absolutely could not believe he won that election in 2016.   It is important to remember and to note the American people chose  President Trump and not the Democratic candidate. That didn't matter.  Democrats vowed to take him down anyway. They were going to make him  pay a very heavy price by making him the victim of a campaign of  personal destruction.   Now, conveniently, a year before the election, here they go again.  They are indicating they think they have cracked the case.   In November 2018, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi gave a statement to the  Associated Press saying: ``We shouldn't impeach the president for  political reasons and we shouldn't not impeach the president for  political reasons.''   Let me tell you, for the West Tennesseans participating in the  telephone townhall I mentioned earlier, it was painfully obvious that  congressional Democrats had finally given up and embraced politics as  usual. They see this for what it is: vitriol, anger, jealousy, spite.  They know that President Trump and a Republican-led House and Senate  delivered much needed tax and regulatory relief, which was exactly what  the American people wanted and precisely what Tennesseans were telling  us: Get government off our backs. Get government off our land. Get  government out of our pocketbooks.   We are a nation built on the rule of law and a nation that believes  in adhering to that law. Tennesseans, and the American people, want  fairness. They want equal treatment. They want justice. And they know  injustice when they see it. What they do not want is a breathless  revenge scheme orchestrated by a political party.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   