 Mr. President, I rise to honor the life and legacy of  my friend and former colleague, Senator Kay Hagan of North Carolina.  There have been several eloquent tributes to  [[Page S6319]]  Kay. I am sure we will hear many more in the days to come. They all  note her profound grace, her fighting spirit, her charm, and of course,  I agree with all of those remarks.   I want to especially extend my very sincere condolences to her  husband, Chip; to her children, Jeanette, Tilden, and Carrie; and to  her father Joe.   The news of her death on Monday was deeply felt here in the Senate.  Kay and I were in the same class of freshmen Senators. We came in, in  2008, and as the only two women in that class, we became fast friends.  But of course, it wasn't hard to make friends with Kay Hagan. She never  met a stranger. She had contagious optimism and joy, and she drew  everyone in with her smile and kindness.   Kay was first in the Senate, not as a Senator, but as an intern,  where she had the job of operating the elevators. Of course, those were  the days when women Senators were few, and they were often appointed to  fill temporary vacancies. So I am sure it was a very powerful moment  when Kay took the elevator here in the Capitol for the first time as a  United States Senator, only the second woman from her State, North  Carolina, to do that.   Kay and I often compared notes about our new roles as Senators. We  talked about our families and the challenges of commuting to and from  DC. I remember Kay showing me and the other women in the Senate  pictures of her daughters' weddings and beaming with excitement. She  was so tremendously proud of her children and so appreciated the  support she received from them and from Chip during her campaigns for  public office.   Of course, in addition to her character, Kay had boundless energy.  Growing up, she studied ballet, and she aspired to be a professional  dancer. And I remember she told me about her ``magic bag'' that she  took with her everywhere, so she could exercise in the morning. It  carried a yoga mat and everything else she needed to exercise. She  recommended that I get one, and of course, I was never quite energetic  enough to do that.   In addition to yoga, Kay loved early morning runs, Pilates, and  swimming. It was that swimming that brought Kay some early  ``notoriety.'' I use that term in quotes because Kay wanted to use the  Senator's swimming pool in the mornings, but when she first got here,  there was a sign on the door that said it was for men only. What we  learned, after Kay did a little bit of investigating, was it was  because some of the male Senators were not interested in wearing  appropriate swimming attire when they swam.   Well, Kay put a quick stop to that, and it wasn't long before all of  the men were wearing swim trunks, and Kay was swimming laps in the pool  with them.   That was Kay. She was incredibly kind, but she was also tough. When  she was falsely accused of being an atheist during her first Senate  race, Kay didn't miss a beat. She responded immediately with an ad that  set the record straight. She demonstrated to her supporters and to her  detractors alike what she was made of.   I have fond memories of our calls when we were both up for reelection  in 2014. Kay would call and buck me up. I remember she called me after  her last debate to say she was finished. She didn't have to do any more  debates. Since I was still looking at having to do two of them, she was  very encouraging to me.   With Kay, the glass was always half full. When she arrived in the  Senate, it didn't take long for her to make her mark on the issues of  greatest importance to North Carolina and the Nation. She applied her  skills as a pragmatic legislator, which were honed in the North  Carolina Senate, and she got to work on the pressing issues of the day.   She fought tirelessly for jobs and the economic well-being of her  constituents. She was a champion of small businesses, for expanding  rural broadband, for developing regional infrastructure. She helped  pass the historic reforms to Wall Street following the financial crisis  because she served on the Banking Committee.   We worked together, along with the rest of the members of the class  of 2008, to try and improve the Affordable Care Act as it was being  drafted. Kay took a tough vote in favor of the ACA, but she did it  because she knew it was going to help her constituents get insurance  coverage and healthcare and that it would provide protections for  millions of Americans.   Kay and I served together on the Armed Services Committee in the  Senate. She fought for our servicemembers, for their families, and for  improving the defense of our nation. Kay's husband, father, and brother  all served their country in uniform. The challenges that servicemembers  and military families face were always top of mind for Kay.   In my office here in the Capitol, there is a photo of me and Kay. It  is on our first trip to Afghanistan. We had only been in the Senate  about 5 months at that point. We were smiling from ear to ear, even  though it was over 100 degrees, we were wearing body armor, and we were  in a helicopter with the doors open heading to a Forward Operating  Base.   We were smiling because we were so excited and because it was always  so fun to travel with Kay. There wasn't a better partner than Kay for  these trips. She was diligent. She was inquisitive. She always held  herself with grace and kindness and resolve. That was her trademark.   Serving her country and her beloved home State in the United States  Senate was a profound honor for Kay, as it is for all of us. I feel  fortunate to have known and worked alongside her. She will be dearly  missed, not just by all of us in the Senate, but by so many of her  constituents whom she represented in North Carolina.   I want to again extend my deepest condolences to the Hagan family and  to the State of North Carolina.   Thank you, Mr. President.   