 Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the State of Israel. It  is a homeland for the Jewish people and a sanctuary from anti-Semitism.  Israel is a thriving democracy, and its citizens have made enormous  contributions to our global society.   The U.S. has no better friend than Israel. And, yes, on occasion, our  two governments will disagree on certain policies, as all sovereign  nations do, but our strong alliance is rooted in shared values, shared  security interest, and a deep historical connection.   I also believe the Palestinian people have legitimate aspirations,  deserve a better future, and should have their own state. I support  direct negotiations between the parties leading to two states living  together in peace and security.   I support this bipartisan resolution because the BDS movement makes a  just peace harder, not easier. It unfairly vilifies Israel, blaming it,  and it alone, for this complex conflict.   American citizens have the right to boycott, and boycotts often  promote positive change, but the BDS movement is misguided and harmful,  and Congress should say so unequivocally.    Madam Speaker, I support this bipartisan bill to extend  temporary protected status to Venezuela.   There are over 400,000 Venezuelans living in the United States, and  more than half live in Florida. About 200,000 of these men and women  would receive TPS if this bill becomes law. They could work legally,  pay taxes, and contribute to our economy for a period of time, without  living in fear of deportation.   Venezuela is in absolute crisis, and making Venezuelans in the U.S.  go home right now is immoral. In many cases, it could be a death  sentence.   Requiring people who have sought refuge in America to return to a  failed state violates our core values as a nation.   Let me be clear: Passing TPS is a critical step, but it seeks to  treat the symptom of a disease rather than trying to cure the disease  itself. The disease is the cruel, undemocratic, and incompetent regime  of Nicolas Maduro.   For Venezuela to prosper and for the U.S. to protect its national  security, the Maduro regime must go. America should work with its  allies in the region and use all elements of our national power to  support the Venezuelan patriots who are fighting to reclaim their  country from the regime that has destroyed it.   Then, and only then, will Venezuela be sufficiently stable and safe  so these proud Venezuelans can return to the country they love.   