 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  pay tribute to our good friend Senator Johnny Isakson of the great  State of Georgia. I say ``ours'' because I know he is a friend to  everyone in this Chamber. It was a real blow to me and, I know, to all  of the Senators to hear that Senator Isakson wouldn't be seeking  another term and that he would be leaving early.   Over the years, Johnny and I have had a chance to partner on a number  of bipartisan initiatives. He has established a reputation in this body  as an honorable and hard-working Senator who cares deeply about his  constituents. Beyond that, he is just a kind person. As we think about  the accolades we could say about somebody, somebody who is kind to  everyone they meet, that is about as nice a thing, I think, as you can  say.    What Johnny does has been demonstrated time and again in Congress. He  develops trust and good working relationships, and he gets things done.   As chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee and a veteran himself,  Johnny has taken on the difficult but critical task of making reforms  to the VA to better deliver care to those who have fought for our  country. Having been through some of those challenges with veterans in  New Hampshire and seeing what they are facing with getting the care  they need, to be able to go back to them and say that because of the  work of Senator Isakson and Senator Tester, we now have the MISSION  Act--which is bipartisan legislation to expand care and services to  veterans--has been very reassuring.   We also know that Senator Isakson is a fierce advocate for local  priorities in his home State. I have a sister in Georgia, in Atlanta,  and when I ask her about Senator Isakson, she speaks very positively  about what she has seen that he does in Georgia.   Of course, many of us here have been reminded time and again of the  importance of the Port of Savannah and its dredging needs. I can  especially identify with those since we have small ports--much smaller  than Savannah's--in New Hampshire, but they consistently have dredging  needs, so I know how important it is to have an advocate who is there  all the time, making sure that the needs of those ports are being seen  to.   One of the many areas where Senator Isakson and I have found common  ground is reforming our budget process. I think it is not a secret to  anybody in this body that the Federal budget process is broken. Since  2011, I have worked with Senator Isakson, who had been working on  trying to get a biennial budgeting process for the Federal Government.  That is something that I think makes sense. Nineteen States, including  New Hampshire, operate on a biennial budget. We believe that taxpayers  would be better served by a process whereby Congress budgets for 2  years rather than 1 and is able to use the second year for oversight.   As we know, it is not easy to change things in Washington. I couldn't  have asked for a better partner in this effort.   One of the things I have especially appreciated about Johnny is that  he has very little time for partisan sniping, which has too often  characterized much of what we do here.   One of the gestures that mattered to me and that has stood out about  what his character is and how he has operated in the Senate has been  the fact that he came to New Hampshire to advocate for our biennial  budgeting efforts in 2013, a year when I was in cycle for reelection.  It didn't matter to him. What mattered was that we were working on this  issue, and it was important to the American people.   I had the opportunity to go the following year to Atlanta, and we did  the same presentation in Atlanta to again show that we could work in a  bipartisan way to try and address what wasn't working in New Hampshire.   I have especially appreciated that he has taken that approach on  everything we have worked on together.   I know Senator Isakson also cares deeply about the institution of the  Senate. He served as chairman of the Senate's Ethics Committee, a  committee I have also been a member of, though not nearly as long as he  has. I have seen closeup how he has faithfully and honorably conducted  the committee's business and, again, how partisanship has not been any  part of how he has approached his duties on the Ethics Committee. What  has been important has been preserving the integrity of the Senate and  the responsibility that each of us has as a Senator.   There have been so many ways in which Johnny Isakson has bridged the  partisan divide. One of those is through food, and I think all of my  colleagues would agree with me that one of the highlights of our year  is when Senator Isakson has his bipartisan barbecue lunch, which  features not just the dishes his home State is known for but, as he  points out, the best barbecue in America.   In New Hampshire, we don't have a lot of barbecue, so I don't have  much basis on which to judge, but I certainly would agree it is very  good barbecue.   I think, as somebody who has served in the Army, he understands that  the way to our hearts is through our stomachs, and we know if we keep  our troops eating well that they do better, and I think the same is  probably true of Senators. If we can keep eating well and collaborate  when we are doing that, it is great for our morale, and it is a great  way to help work better together.   In closing, I just want to say that throughout his time in Congress,  Johnny Isakson has been a statesman, and he has been a gentleman of the  highest order. They say that we remember people not by what they say as  much as by how we feel we are treated, and I know it is fair to say,  whether it is the person operating the elevator, the person who is  serving us lunch, each of us as Senators, or his constituents, Johnny  Isakson has made all of us feel very important, and he recognizes the  value that each individual in the Senate contributes to this body. For  that, I am very appreciative, and I will miss you, Senator Isakson.   Thank you for everything you have done for all of us.   