 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President. Today I rise to speak about  the legislation I introduced to the Senate this week, S. 1116, the  BROWSER ACT.  [[Page S2410]]    Broadband or high-speed internet has absolutely revolutionized the  way we communicate, the way we conduct commerce, and actually the way  we participate in government.   Broadband is one of the greatest innovations in history. It allows  near-instantaneous exchange of information and brings efficiencies to  the daily life of millions of Americans as they move more of their  transactional life online.   Thanks to broadband, entrepreneurs have been able to bring thousands  of new applications to consumers. These edge services are now an  essential part of our lives. We find ourselves every day saying: I  can't imagine what we did before we had this or before we had that.  These apps give consumers access to entertainment, news, information,  helping us drive around town, and access to emergency services.   As consumers use these applications, they generate massive amounts of  data about themselves, and that is the problem. Many companies collect  this data and use it for a range of purposes without the user's  knowledge.   They are collecting all of this--every bill you pay, every website  you visit, these platforms are following you.   After all this information is shared, the question is, Who owns the  virtual you? Who owns you and your presence online? Our laws have not  kept pace with technological innovation.   Now we see some States and we even have some cities that are adding  more complexity to the problem by enacting their own privacy rules and  standards, despite the fact that digital commerce is not restricted to  one area. Digital commerce is interstate and global in nature.   It is time we have a consistent national law regarding online  privacy. We need one set of rules and one regulator for the entire  internet ecosystem. It just makes sense.   That is why I have introduced the legislation I previously proposed  as a Member of the House of Representatives. As I said, it is called  the BROWSER Act. Americans want to be certain their privacy is  protected in the physical and the virtual space. Broadband users--who  are each and every one of us--should have the right to say who can or  cannot access their private data.   Think about it. At this point, how and when you pay your bills, the  credit cards you use, the sites you visit, the merchandise you shop  for, friends you connect with, there is somebody tracking that activity  with every move of the mouse. They are on it.   Consumers should have the right to clear and conspicuous notice of a  service providers' privacy policies and the ability to either opt in or  opt out, depending on the sensitive nature of that data. The BROWSER  Act requires digital services to provide users with clear and  conspicuous notice of their privacy rights. It also requires digital  services to provide users the ability to opt in to the collection of  sensitive information while also giving users the ability to opt out of  the collection of nonsensitive information.   By allowing for a clear and conspicuous notification process,  consumers will be able to make a more educated choice about the nature  of the relationship they want to have with online vendors and with tech  companies.   Furthermore, the BROWSER Act will prohibit digital services from  denying their service to users who refuse to waive their personal  privacy rights. The BROWSER Act also empowers the FTC, the Federal  Trade Commission, to enforce these rules using its unfair or deceptive  acts or practices authorities.   Now the Federal Trade Commission has been our privacy regulator in  both the physical and the online space. Just this week, Senator  Klobuchar and I sent a letter to the FTC urging stronger action for bad  actors in the tech space. Companies like Facebook and Google have  transformed society in revolutionary ways and need to recognize that  with that great power comes great responsibility. This is the 21st  century; it is not the Wild West. These tech companies need to be  respectful of your privacy rights.    My hope is that through this bipartisan effort, we will shed light on  the need to protect competition and online privacy to keep up with the  fast-paced changes in technology. The FTC has a responsibility to hold  tech companies accountable for securing their platforms. We need them  to step up and be the cop on the beat in the virtual space.   Before I yield the floor, I want to make one last point. The BROWSER  Act treats everyone in broadband and edge companies exactly the same-- one regulator, one set of rules. This is common sense.   Unfortunately, yesterday, Democrats in the House passed a bill to  regulate broadband service providers, but they didn't do anything to  Big Tech. They didn't do anything about privacy with Google, with  Facebook, with Yahoo--these people who collect your data and sell it to  the highest bidder; then that person markets back to you.   When I chaired the Communications and Technology Subcommittee in the  House, I repeatedly offered to work with the other side of the aisle to  preserve a free and open internet. I am always happy to work together  to find a legislative solution and put this so-called net neutrality  issue to rest once and for all. Rather than work together on this, the  House pushed through a hyperpartisan bill to reinstate a controversial,  heavyhanded regulation of communication companies, but--heaven forbid-- they do not want to touch Big Tech, their big buddies.   I am so grateful Leader McConnell has said that this bill coming from  the House is dead on arrival in the Senate. I look forward to  continuing to work on this issue. But here is what my friends across  the aisle and my friends over in the House need to realize: The  internet is not broken. The internet is not broken. Many of you  probably have an electronic device close at hand. It is working just  fine. The internet does not need the intervention of Nancy Pelosi and  House Democrats. It is fine. It is going to be just fine by itself. In  fact, as an alternative, we could just strike out the text of the  House-passed bill and insert the BROWSER Act in its place--one set of  rules for the entire internet ecosystem, one set of rules enforced by  one Federal regulator. That is the BROWSER Act. It is about fairness.  It is about encouraging innovation. It is about making certain we keep  a free and open internet.   I yield the floor.   