 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to oppose  Matthew Kacsmaryk's nomination to the U.S. District Court for the  Northern District of Texas. Mr. Kacsmaryk is another example of an  extreme choice by President Trump to jam courts with individuals who  have put their political views above the law and use their positions of  power to chip away at people's rights. Not only are Mr. Kacsmaryk's  views hateful and out of the mainstream, but his history of attacking  vulnerable communities shows me he will not be a fair and impartial  judge. He has fought tooth and nail against any protections for LGBTQIA  individuals and has devoted his career to stripping this community of  these fundamental rights.   Mr. Kacsmaryk does not believe title XII of the Civil Rights Act  includes sexual orientation and gender identity. He opposed the Supreme  Court's ruling in Obergefell, which affirmed that same-sex couples have  the right to marry under our Constitution, and he opposes the Equality  Act. He believes this bill will ``weaponize Obergefell.'' The Equality  Act builds on existing civil rights laws to expand anti-discrimination  protections, to ensure members of the LGBTQ community cannot be fired  or evicted from their homes, providing them with the same protections  afforded to those who are discriminated against based on their race,  religion, age, disability, and more.   He believes healthcare providers should be able to discriminate-- discriminate--against patients based on gender identity or sex  stereotyping, and he even supports discrimination against our children.  Mr. Kacsmaryk not only opposes protections for transgender students, he  has even argued that being transgender is ``delusional.'' He has  questioned whether States can ban conversion therapy practices, which  are dangerous. They are discredited by the medical community, and they  have led to depression and suicidal behavior in young people subjected  to these practices.   Mr. Kacsmaryk claims that his hateful views have to do with religious  liberty, but his own words show his true colors. When Republicans and  Democrats in Utah agreed on employment and housing nondiscrimination  protections based on gender identity and sexual orientation, Mr.  Kacsmaryk opposed them, even as countless religious organizations  supported that bill.   Was religious liberty his main point of opposition? No. Instead, he  argued businesses should be able to discriminate based on a person's  sexual orientation or gender identity because, in his view, this  community does not deserve the same protections as other communities  who are often discriminated against.   Mr. Kacsmaryk has said there is a ``clash of absolutes'' between  LGBTQIA rights and those who want to discriminate in the name of  religious liberty. This is not a view of someone who can be impartial  and fair. Not only are his views on nondiscrimination based on sexual  orientation and gender identity concerning, I am also very alarmed by  his record as a fervent crusader against women's reproductive rights  and for the far-right position that someone else's ideology is more  important than a woman's ability to make her own personal medical  decisions.   If his arguments had won the day in court, a woman trying to get  contraceptive care could face barriers thrown up at her by her employer  or even by her pharmacy, all because someone else thinks that their  beliefs matter more than a woman's own personal decisions about her own  healthcare.   Mr. Kacsmaryk's extreme hostility to women's reproductive rights is  also on display in his own writings outside of the court. He wrote that  the court cases affirming those rights--the historic rulings that have  defended women's access to birth control and their right to safe, legal  abortion--were responsible for removing a ``pillar of marriage law.''   Under any other administration, this truly disturbing ideological  track record would be alarming. Unfortunately for President Trump and  Vice President Pence, it appears to be a prerequisite. The Trump-Pence  administration has taken every opportunity to undermine women's health  and reproductive rights. And we have seen far-right Republicans across  the country joining them, from State legislators working to pass  extreme, harmful abortion restrictions to Republicans here in DC  working to jam through extreme, harmful judicial nominees, like Mr.  Kacsmaryk, who they hope will uphold blatantly unconstitutional  restrictions on women's rights to safe, legal abortion and ultimately  take away that right by overturning Roe v. Wade.   I have also been inspired by the people around the country who are  speaking up and taking a stand against those extreme views. If we keep  making our voices heard against this nominee and Republican efforts to  undermine women's reproductive rights more broadly, we can stop these  attacks and ensure that every woman has the ability to make her own  decisions about her body. I am here today to urge my colleagues to join  us in rejecting this nominee.   I yield the floor.   