 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer my amendment to H.R.  2740. My amendment would increase the funding for neonatal abstinence  syndrome research by $2 million at the Centers for Disease Control to  ensure adequate funding for this terrible condition.   The opioid epidemic plaguing our Nation is heartbreaking, and  especially in my home State of West Virginia. Too many members of our  communities know of its devastating effects far too well. Whether it be  a family member, a friend, the person in line behind you at the grocery  store, or even someone praying beside you in church, we all have seen  the pain that it causes.   Sadly, many of our youngest citizens are suffering from the second- generation impacts of this crisis as well. West Virginia has one of the  highest rates of neonatal abstinence syndrome, which is the withdrawal  symptoms experienced by infants who are exposed to opioids and other  addictive drugs while inside the womb. For every 1,000 babies born in  my State, 50 enter this world exposed to drugs.   In my hometown of Huntington, we are blessed to have facilities that  are dedicated to caring for babies suffering from NAS, like the  neonatal therapeutic unit at the Hoops Family Children's Hospital and  Lily's Place, where First Lady Melania Trump made a very special visit  last year.   I visited the hospital to see these beautiful, innocent babies who  are battling insurmountable odds. My heart aches as they cry in pain,  shivering and shaking. I see the care in the eyes of the doctors and  the nurses who tend to them 24 hours a day, and I can feel the love  from the volunteers who cuddle these tiny children and soothe them  through the worst moments of their early lives.   There is still so much more to do. My colleagues, I stand before you  to tell you that, today, we can do more. I ask you all to support my  amendment to double the funding of NAS research and to improve the  lives of our most precious and struggling citizens.   This is so very important to our little tiny babies who are exposed  to the terrible epidemic that we have going on across our country, and  I urge Members, please adopt my amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   