 MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R.  1327, the Never Forget the Heroes Act, and to thank the 332 colleagues  of mine who have cosponsored this historic, bipartisan legislation.   When the planes hit on 9/11, our first responders did not hesitate.  Firefighters, police officers, medical, construction workers, and  volunteers from all around the country rushed to Ground Zero, the  Pentagon, and the Shanksville crash sites. It was a national response  to a national terrorist attack.   We lost nearly 3,000 lives on that day, and in the nearly 18 years  since the attack, the death toll continues to climb.   We, as a nation, have a moral obligation, a double moral obligation,  to take care of the people who took care of us and those who take care  of them now--because they cannot work--first and foremost, for their  service that day and in the days and weeks and months to follow; and  secondly, because of the toxic lie our government told them: that it  was safe to work on the site when it, clearly, was not. Because of  their exposure to toxins, many of them have cancers and are sick and  dying.   In 2015, Congress passed the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and  Compensation Act, making the World Trade Center Health Program  permanent, but it extended the Victims Compensation Fund only to 2020.  Not only is the fund about to expire, but making matters worse, it is  also running out of money.   In February, the special master announced that, due to more and more  claims, the fund does not have enough money to make it to 2020. They  have had to reduce payouts by 50 to 70 percent, and this is devastating  for those who depend on this fund. That is why we need to pass the  Never Forget the Heroes Act today to fully and permanently fund the  Victims Compensation Fund.   These heroes and their families cannot wait any longer, and I hope  they will never have to come back to this Congress again to ask again  and again for help and support for their healthcare and their families.  We need to make this fund permanent.   If you remember 9/11, you remember that we as a nation vowed that we  would never forget. None of us in this coalition will rest until we  have turned that promise into a law to help the heroes who were there  to help us.   I join my colleagues, Jerry Nadler and Peter King, the lead sponsors  of this bill. I thank them for their dedication and work. I thank my  staff, and I thank the heroes who are named in our bill, Luis Alvarez,  Ray Pfeifer, and James Zadroga, for their inspiration.   I urge my colleagues to stand with the heroes and vote for this bill.   