 Mr. President, I am reserving the right to object,  and I will object.    Mr. President, I would like to articulate the reason  for the objection to the legislation that is brought forward by my  friend the Senator from Illinois.   Once again, I found it necessary for the good of the order to object  to a unanimous consent request brought by our friends in the minority.  Once again, they are attempting to bypass the Senate's rules on behalf  of a piece of legislation this body has not had time to debate, to  deliberate, or to consider in committee.   The American Dream and Promise Act passed the House of  Representatives by a near party-line vote; unsurprising, considering  the bill addresses the contentious issue of immigration law. This bill,  supported by the Senator from Illinois, would offer temporary legal  status to 2\1/2\ million undocumented immigrants.   Those affected immigrants have tried to remain in the United States  under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or the DACA Program-- a backstop made possible by nothing more than an Executive memo signed  by former President Barack Obama.   I think this is important for us to realize that it was an Executive  memo that put this program in place. It is not a Federal law. President  Trump ended the DACA Program in 2017, arguing the Obama  administration's attempt to subvert immigration law on such a massive  scale was unlawful and possibly unconstitutional. Soon after, President  Trump offered a path to legalization for DACA recipients, but our  friends in the minority refused to take him up on that offer.   We have to remember this: There was a path to legalization for DACA  recipients that was offered by President Donald Trump. Our friends in  the minority said: No; no, we do not want that.   They continued with the issue. I will tell you, every Dreamer in the  country should be outraged by the minority's  [[Page S6496]]  refusal to come to the table and negotiate on an offer that was on the  table. I encourage my friends on the other side of the aisle to  remember that the Supreme Court affirmed a lower court decision to  maintain an injunction on the nationwide DAPA Program--a scheme similar  to DACA but aimed at parents, as opposed to children.    Although that decision set no legal precedent, it did open up an  opportunity for the new administration--and for each and every one of  us in the Senate--to rebuild various fixes in our immigration system  without running afoul of existing legal barriers.   As my friend the Senator from Illinois likes to point out, Senators  from both sides of the aisle have been working on this issue--it has  been with us for years--and it is imperative we find a consensus  solution.   If the minority wishes to offer peace of mind and a path forward to  Dreamers, they should do it in such a way that allows the American  people to hold each and every one of us accountable for repercussions.  We should do this through regular order. I reiterate my objection to  the minority whip's motion.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, yes, I do object.   