 Madam President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  join my colleagues in raising concerns about the unrelenting attacks  that this administration has waged on the health of women in New  Hampshire and across the country.   With Mother's Day just around the corner, it is important to make  clear that we cannot stand idly by while the administration undermines  access to maternity care, to family planning, and to reproductive care  for women.   Through misguided executive orders, regulations, and other actions,  this administration is making it more difficult for women to access the  care and services they need in communities across the country and  abroad.   Now, new mothers deal with significant medical expenses. That is why  we  [[Page S2720]]  worked very hard, when we were writing the Affordable Care Act, to  require insurance coverage for maternity care, to help new mothers  cover the cost of obstetric services and of hospital charges for  childbirth and other expenses.   The Affordable Care Act and the access to maternity care coverage it  provides have made a real difference for so many people in New  Hampshire and across the country.   One of those women is Samantha Fox from Bow, NH. Samantha is now a  State legislator in New Hampshire, but prior to the Affordable Care  Act, Samantha was denied coverage for health insurance because of a  reproductive system disorder, and the insurance that she was able to  get didn't provide prenatal and maternity care coverage.   Well, thanks to the ACA, she was guaranteed coverage of these vital  maternity care services that were so important when she gave birth to  her son Leo in 2017.   We can't go back to those days before the Affordable Care Act, when  only 12 percent of health plans on the individual market covered  maternity care or when women could be charged higher premiums than men  for the very same coverage.   But that is exactly what the Trump administration is trying to do by  expanding the availability of junk plans that are not required to cover  maternity care, and that is what this administration is trying to do by  urging the courts to strike down the Affordable Care Act in its  entirety.   Now, in addition, at a time when 43 percent of childbirths in this  country are covered and paid for by the Medicaid Program, the Trump  administration continues to propose Medicaid block grants and funding  caps that would fail to adequately support States for the cost of  coverage for pregnant women and new mothers.   Senator Casey was very eloquent in talking about what will happen if  the effort to reduce Medicaid is successful.   Sadly, the barriers to women's healthcare that this administration  has created go beyond just insurance coverage. They are also imposing  significant impediments to access to family planning services.   The administration's title X gag rule would violate the provider- patient relationship by prohibiting providers who receive Federal  family planning grants from informing their patients about reproductive  health options, including safe and legal abortions.   In 2017, more than 16,000 Granite Staters obtained care from family  planning providers that receive support through Federal title X family  planning grants. This includes more than 1,200 cervical cancer  screenings and nearly 1,500 breast exams that were provided by New  Hampshire's Planned Parenthood facilities that, if this gag rule is  allowed to stand, would then be eliminated, and women would have to get  those screenings somewhere else, and in many cases, the women would not  be able to afford the cost of those screenings. The title X gag rule  puts access to these and so many other vital services at risk.    The administration's barriers to family planning services extend  around the world as a result of a similar global gag rule on  international family planning grants.   Based on the unfortunate experience with the global gag rule, we  already know that when you exclude entities like Planned Parenthood and  other providers from family planning grants, you will impede access to  care for vulnerable women in impoverished countries around the world,  and we are now beginning to get the data from so many NGOs that provide  those services.   It is ironic because people in this administration who say they  support the gag rule say they do it because they are trying to reduce  the number of abortions. Yet what we know is that putting on this  global gag rule increases the number of unwarranted pregnancies,  increases the number of unsafe abortions, and increases the number of  maternal deaths in childbirth. I don't understand why the data is not  convincing to those people who share the view that we should try to  reduce the number of unwarranted pregnancies and reduce the number of  abortions. That is why, each year, I have come together with Senators  Collins and Murkowski to lead a bipartisan charge to repeal the global  gag rule and to bolster resources for international family planning.  Hopefully, we will be able to pass that again this year.   In light of all of these dangerous efforts to erode protections for  women's health, we need to stand together here in Congress. We need to  join forces with women around the country and around the world. We need  to say enough is enough. Women should be able to access health  insurance for reproductive services and for family planning services,  just as men can access health insurance for all of the services they  need.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   