 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, who has been a very  close colleague as we have sat under the guidance and leadership of  Elijah Cummings.   I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to honor my chairman, Elijah Cummings.   This is an extremely difficult time for me because Chairman Cummings  was more than a colleague; he was my mentor.   As a freshman, while serving on the House Committee on Oversight and  Reform with Chairman Cummings, I came  [[Page H8292]]  to him with a litany of questions. He never turned me away. He was  always receptive and always considerate. He would eventually explain to  me how much he appreciated that I had put thought into the policies  that I wanted to implement while serving in Congress.   It was then that this great man actually saw that I really cared for  people, and he instructed me to continue doing the work because, when  you really care, your constituents will see it and will appreciate it.   When I came to him during the Flint water crisis and told him we  needed to look into this because people were being hurt, and children  were being physically damaged, he was so determined to get to the  truth.   I watched him serve in the majority and in the minority, and there  were many times when this chairman, my Chairman Cummings, became the  voice of reason within the Caucus and at the helm of the Committee on  Oversight and Reform.   He was a consensus builder. He cut to the chase. And he was the  person who worked across the aisle, never, ever putting anyone before  the American people.   I will miss his bigger-than-life presence in our meetings. I will  miss that booming voice, heaving incredible words of wisdom during our  committee hearings. I will miss the intelligent and passionate  questions and the astute observations that he would hurl at any of the  combative witnesses.    I will miss the man who believed in the American experience, and he  fought for this democracy with his last breath.   Most of all, I will miss the considerate, giant gentleman who was my  mentor, Elijah Cummings.   This week, as we bid farewell to Baltimore's native son, I know he  will be dancing with the angels, smiling down on us, saying to continue  the fight and keep the faith because our democracy is worth the fight.   