 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, and I ask  for its consideration.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to commend the sponsors of this important bill that rewards  the talent and commitment of our civilian workforce by granting them a  2.6 percent pay adjustment for 2019.   Mr. Chairman, the shutdown was a stark reminder of how crucial these  workers are to protect our air and water, secure our shores, guide air  traffic, and ensure that our tax returns are processed on time.   I heard desperate stories from many of these public servants,  including workers at the IRS processing center in Andover. One of my  constituents who works there wrote the following to me during the  shutdown: ``Apart from selling everything I own to pay for food, bills,  and the mortgage, I honestly don't know what to do and am truly scared  that this may do me in.''   Mr. Chairman, this was an entirely avoidable tragedy that wreaked  havoc on thousands of lives; yet he and thousands of others like him  dutifully reported to work without any certainty of when or whether  they would be paid next. The underlying bill is the least we can do for  them and the dedicated  [[Page H1306]]  public servants like them. My amendment is a simple clarification that  all IRS employees would be eligible for this pay adjustment.   We learned yesterday from legislative counsel that the bill could  inadvertently exclude some of these employees hired under special  provisions of chapter 95, title 5.   For example, title 5, section 9503 grants IRS special authority to  hire employees for critical administrative, technical, and professional  positions necessary to carry out the functions of the IRS. However, it  is unclear whether such individuals would benefit from H.R. 790's pay  adjustment. This amendment simply removes any doubt.   I hope that the amendment can be adopted.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Connolly).    Mr. Chairman, the employees I talked to at the IRS are  noble. They are hardworking. They are working with the utmost  integrity. They have endured cuts to their agency, at times doing jobs  that used to require two, sometimes three people to do.   Again, my amendment merely makes a clarifying change to be certain  that all of these employees, all IRS workers, receive the benefit of  this well-deserved pay adjustment. I urge my colleagues to adopt the  amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   