 Mr. President, I am reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I would like to articulate the reason  for the objection to the legislation from the Senator from Virginia.   Let me begin by saying that we are all for free and fair and honest  elections. I know the Senator from Virginia spent some time as Governor  of Virginia. He knows that in 2016, no ballots--no ballots--no one's  vote was encumbered or affected. He knows that I have served on an  election commission, and I know that the Senator from Virginia  appreciates that our county election commissions and our State election  commissions are in charge of securing those elections.  [[Page S3624]]    I have to state to the Presiding Officer that I know that in the  great State of Tennessee, our county election commissions and our State  election commission and our secretary of state are very focused on  making certain that these elections are fair and honest elections. They  are going to do that for all elections--local, State, and, of course,  in the 2020 Presidential election.   I think a little bit of context is always helpful. First of all, let  me say this: I welcome my colleagues across the aisle to the  understanding that bad actors have tried for decades--decades--to  influence what is going on in our government and in our country.   Indeed, I remember, as a child in 4-H Club--and I think that probably  the Presiding Officer was a member of 4-H Club growing up--to me, as a  young girl in South Mississippi, the 4-H Club was a wonderful  experience. It opened a lot of doors to me. I recall sitting in a 4-H  Club meeting at one point, and I heard about communism. I heard about  what the Russians and the Communists wanted to do to our freedoms here  in this country, and I can recall how frightened I felt when I heard  that.   So to my colleagues across the aisle who in 2016 realized that these  bad actors--Russia, China, Iran, North Korea; people I call the new  axis of evil--did not wish us well, I am so pleased to know that they  have come to this realization that they indeed do not wish us well. My  hope is that, in a bipartisan way, we can move forward and make certain  we do not allow these bad actors to in any way impede our freedoms or  infringe on our government.   Now, specific to the UC that was presented to us, this would require  a Presidential campaign and all employees to report their contacts with  foreign nationals in which they discuss a contribution, donation, or  expenditure, such as an ad, or coordination, collaboration, providing  information, providing services, or persistent and repeated contact  with a government or a foreign country or a foreign agent thereof.   This is what it all means. These reporting requirements are  overbroad. Presidential campaigns would have to worry about disclosure  at a variety of levels, so many different levels. Consider vendors who  work for a campaign, people who are supplying some kind of good or  service to a campaign. It would include those vendors, including all  the service contracts. It would apply to door-knockers, it would apply  to phone-bankers--down to any person who shares their views with a  candidate.   I want to make sure that everybody hears that. Any person who shares  their views with a candidate would be reportable. Think about that.  Think about what that would cause. With this law, it would be prudent  for every campaign contact to start with these words: Before you tell  me anything, are you a foreign national?   We have the Foreign Agent Registration Act. Campaign finance law  makes it illegal to take contributions or coordinate expenditures with  foreign nationals without a green card. We have public official ethics  laws.   Campaigns could have to report social media responses or  interactions, report every non-U.S. citizen, or even every Dreamer. We  hear a lot about the Dreamers. So think about this. You would report  every non-U.S. citizen or Dreamer who volunteers for your campaign or  knocks on doors or even knocks on the door of a foreign national.   Every vendor contact, every call center, every contract, every  discussion--all of this, all of it, would begin with ``Are you a  foreign national?''   So that is the overbroad nature of this. The goal is to make sure we  never ever have a foreign government interfering, and we share that  goal. It was wrong in 2016. It was wrong in 2018. It would be wrong in  2020. That is why we need to make certain we do not have this kind of  interference. No one wants foreign interference of any type in our  government in any way, shape, or form.   To the Senator across the aisle, we didn't like it when we heard  former President Obama say to David Medved: Tell Vladimir, I will have  more flexibility after the election. We didn't appreciate that.   We didn't appreciate all that was transpiring back in 2015 with the  Clinton Foundation and Uranium One. We had questions about that.   Do we want to make certain things such as that do not occur? Of  course, but the UC that was presented is overbroad, and this is  something that should be done in a thoughtful way. It should be done in  a bipartisan way.   I yield the floor.   