 Mr. Speaker, 8 years ago today, at 10:10 a.m., 19  members of the Tucson community were shot in a despicable act of  violence that shocked the Nation.   They were attending a Congress on Your Corner event, where  Congresswoman Gabby Giffords was meeting with her constituents, when  they were gunned down in a senseless tragedy that killed 6 and wounded  13.   The shooter fired his weapon 33 times in less than 20 seconds and was  attempting to reload his handgun when the courageous actions of three  people stopped him. Had they not done so, many others would have been  wounded or killed.   The six people who died were: Christina-Taylor Green, Dorothy ``Dot''  Morris, Federal Judge John Roll, Phyllis Schneck, Dorwan Stoddard, and  Gabriel ``Gabe'' Zimmerman.   People who were wounded by the gunmen were: Bill Badger; Congressman  Ron Barber, who is now my district director; Ken Dorushka; James  Fuller; Randy Gardner; Congresswoman Gabby Giffords; Suzi Hileman;  George Morris; Mary Reed; Pam Simon; Mavy Stoddard; Jim Tucker; and  Kenneth Veeder.   The members of my community had never seen such a devastating tragedy  before, and yet they responded with compassion and kindness toward the  survivors and the families of those who were murdered. They did not let  this horrific tragedy define who we were.   Three memorials sprang up spontaneously: at the site of the shooting,  at Congresswoman Gifford's office, and at the university hospital where  the most seriously wounded were taken.   Thanks to the quick actions of members of the public and first  responders who rushed to treat the wounded, lives were saved that  morning.   The mental health of everyone in attendance was adversely affected,  and many of the survivors still endure the physical and mental impact  the shooting had on their lives.   The families of the six people who were killed grieve the loss of  their loved ones to this day. I am so honored that our colleague Gabby  Giffords is with us tonight.   Gabby served with great distinction in this House and, despite her  nearly fatal injuries, has gone on to encourage and inspire us to take  action to reduce gun violence in our country.   Today, a bipartisan group of our colleagues responded to Gabby's call  by introducing and cosponsoring H.R. 8. This bill, which I support,  will keep guns out of the hands of people who are currently prohibited  by law from purchasing guns. It will eliminate loopholes in the current  background check system.   The bill will not prevent responsible gun owners from buying guns,  but it will make sure that their gun purchases are made in compliance  with our existing laws.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the debate that we will have regarding  H.R. 8, and hope that we will soon pass this bill out of our Chamber.   Gun violence in our Nation is a major public health problem, and it  must be addressed. The American people who sent us here are waiting for  us to step up and act responsibly on their behalf. We must do so.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House observe a moment of silence in  remembrance of those whom we lost.   