 Mr. Speaker, first I would like to thank Chairwoman  Waters for all of her leadership and her support.   Mr. Speaker, for a majority of American families, buying a home will  be the biggest financial purchase in their lifetime. That is why this  bill we are considering today is so important.   My bill, the Housing Financial Literacy Act, H.R. 2162, would provide  a 25-basis point discount on an FHA upfront mortgage insurance premium  to first-time home buyers who complete a HUD-approved housing  counseling program.   One of the main barriers to homeownership is saving up for the  downpayment. This bill would reduce that barrier by roughly $500.   The FHA has been utilized by everyday American families to achieve  the American Dream of homeownership. Eighty-two percent of all FHA- insured mortgages are used by first-time home buyers, likely since  consumers only need to put down 3.5 percent as a downpayment. The  downpayment is the number one barrier to homeownership for many first- time home buyers.   This bipartisan bill would incentivize those prospective first-time  home buyers to take ahold of their financial futures by taking a  financial literacy class, while making it easier and a little cheaper  for them to purchase that first home.   These classes are already available across the country, from Homeport  and Homes on the Hill in Columbus, Ohio, to Kentucky's Housing  Corporation, to the Kenosha Housing Authority in Wisconsin, and the  list goes on. These classes are available to first-time home buyers to  purchase a home in urban, suburban, and rural areas.   Not only is this bill a good deal for first-time home buyers, but it  is also a good deal for the American taxpayer. There have been several  studies over the past few years that prove not only does prepurchase  housing counseling lead to improved mortgage literacy, greater  appreciation for communications with lenders, and improved underwriting  qualifications, such as higher credit scores, but there are also  studies that show, as we have heard, that first-time home buyers who  have received housing counseling are nearly one-third, Mr. Speaker,  less likely to face delinquencies or foreclosures.   When you consider the average cost to the taxpayer for default within  FHA's portfolio is greater than $65,000, this bill could actually save  the taxpayers money. That is something that both my Republican and  Democratic colleagues were interested in during the debate on this bill  in committee, and both sides of the aisle will be happy to know that,  according to the Congressional Budget Office's initial analysis, this  bill would not have a cost to the U.S. taxpayer.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by thanking my colleague and  friend from Ohio, Congressman Steve Stivers, for cosponsoring this  important bill. Steve and I have served as the co-chairs of the  Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus for the past two Congresses.  This is an issue that we care about deeply.    Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the organizations that came  out in support of this bill. I think it is very important for people to  know that the National Association of REALTORS, the National Housing  Resource Center, the National Association of Real Estate Brokers, the  Leadership Conference for Civil and Human Rights, the League of United  Latin American Citizens, Credit Unions National Association, National  Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, Public Citizen, and  National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals all support  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I think you get my point. People want this bill. It is  the right thing to do.   Mr. Speaker, I want to also thank Congressman Barr for his support.   I urge my colleagues to join us in support of this bill, H.R. 2162,  to allow more Americans to reach for that dream of homeownership in a  financially responsible way. Please support this bill.   