 Madam President, it is an honor to speak on the  [[Page S2307]]  floor of the Senate today for the first time. I really want to say a  thank you to my colleagues here in the Senate for the warm welcome,  especially Senator Alexander, for the friendship, advice, and counsel  he supplies to each and every one of us, especially to me.   I am really humbled to be here as the first female elected from  Tennessee to serve in the Senate. I just have to note that a few  decades ago, neither the Presiding Officer, who is the first woman from  West Virginia, nor I could have been here in this Chamber speaking  because women would not have been allowed. Yet our suffragists took  care of that with women getting the right to vote.   I love this quote by Susan B. Anthony. I think it is so good and  appropriate for us: ``I declare to you that woman must not depend upon  the protection of man, but must be taught to protect herself, and there  I take my stand.''   Women have always been fierce defenders of freedom and freedom's  cause. Many times people will say to me: Why do you choose to serve?  For me, it really is more or less a calling to public service. In that  calling, I find it important to defeat the narrative that still exists  to this day that conservative women should be seen but not heard. Here  in this Chamber and in my role, I will continue to fight against a  media that chooses to empower women on one side of the political aisle  and denigrate those of us on the other side of the aisle. I am going to  make certain that conservative women do have a strong voice in the  Senate.   I am here because, throughout my history--my family's history, as I  have researched our history--there were so many who chose to serve in  the military. There are others, like my family, who have chosen to  serve our communities and our neighbors in our schools, in our  churches, and in community activities. I regard my public service as a  civic duty and a way to give back to the country that has given me so  many blessings.   What I have found from Tennesseans is that many of them are just like  me. They have grown up in a rural area. They have worked hard, and they  have built their version of the American dream. I am very typical of  that. I grew up on a farm, attended college, married, had children, two  grandchildren, and really appreciate the opportunities I have been  given to work hard, to build a business, and to share in the benefits  of hard work.   Politically, I fought the establishment of both parties in Tennessee  when I was in the State senate. There, thousands of Tennesseans joined  me in opposing a massive, job-killing State income tax. We won that  fight.   Ever since, I have been focused on fighting high taxes and fighting  wasteful spending because I know the money we appropriate and that gets  spent is not Washington's money; it is the taxpayers' hard-earned  money. Government ought not have the first right of refusal on your  paycheck, but it does. It is part of our duty as public servants to be  responsible stewards of the taxpayers' money and to be aggressive in  rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse.   I think we should heed the 2010 warning of the then-Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs, Admiral Mullen, when he said: ``The most significant  threat to our national security is our debt.''   Our debt today is a staggering $22 trillion. Now, think about this.  When George Bush left office, that debt was at $10.7 trillion. It is  $22 trillion today. For our children and for our grandchildren, I think  it is immoral to pass on this kind of debt.   I am also here because I am pro-life, and I will protect those who  cannot protect themselves. I will tell you it is astounding to me that  this body could not pass legislation that would protect babies who are  born alive as a result of botched abortions. It is a disgrace. Big  Abortion must be held accountable because its actions are a stain on  the moral fabric of our country.   Just as I promised Tennesseans, I promise my colleagues that I am  going to work hard and will stand strong for what I believe in because  I know I am working for freedom, free people, and free markets. As  Frederick Douglass said, ``I would unite with anybody to do right and  with nobody to do wrong.'' I invite all of my colleagues to join me in  protecting what I term to be the ``big five''--faith, family, freedom,  hope, and opportunity, especially freedom.   Washington needs to be reminded of just how precious the core value  of freedom is, not only for Tennesseans but for all Americans. Every  community and every church in Tennessee is filled with veterans and  families who have sacrificed and who cherish that hard-won gift of  freedom. They talk about it regularly. They have parades. When the  troops come home, they celebrate our freedom. In Tennessee, we have  470,000 veterans who call Tennessee home, and it is such an honor to  come to this body and stand with them because of the work they have  done for us.   I serve on the Armed Services and Veterans' Affairs Committees. We  know our military has to have the resources it needs to fight our 21st  century adversaries. Our veterans deserve not only our thanks but the  benefits that have been offered to them. So, last month, I introduced  the Gold Star Family Fellowship Program Act. This will establish a  fellowship for those Gold Star families in our Senate offices. I have  also joined Senator Tester in the Hello Girls Congressional Gold Medal  Act to honor our women soldiers from World War I.   I am here to make certain our Nation is a nation of legal immigrants,  not of illegal immigrants. The chaos at the border should embarrass  each and every one of us as it has been decades in the making. This  crisis is something we ought to work together on solving--drug  trafficking, sex trafficking, human trafficking, and gangs. We must  solve it rather than allow it to be a political issue for a campaign.   I am here to work to protect your right to privacy--the physical and  the virtual space. Yesterday Senator Klobuchar and I sent a letter to  the FTC that focuses on how we protect Americans from what I call the  data pirates at Google and Facebook. Your privacy is important, and I  believe you and I have the right to send notes to our friends without  having the entire stories of our lives sold to the highest online  bidder.   We are finishing our work on the BROWSER Act. I introduced this when  I was in the House, and we are going to introduce it here because I  believe it is imperative to give you the tools to protect yourselves  online. I believe we need one set of privacy rules for the entire  internet ecosystem. This is what you call fairness.   Our family has always believed we have a responsibility to leave a  place in better shape than we found it. It is, more or less, our family  mantra.   I will say that changing the rules of the Senate to allow for the  confirmations of judges and to proceed on the Executive Calendar are  exactly the right moves. You can call it the nuclear option or whatever  you want to call it. In the press, I have heard it called many things  in the last few days, but obstruction tactics do absolutely nothing to  leave this Chamber or the country in better shape. Maybe it makes for  good political rhetoric, but our country deserves better.   I agree with Leader McConnell. This is a key way to help our Nation  and our Chamber function fully and better. As a member of the Judiciary  Committee, I am going to work to confirm those qualified judges who  will respect and uphold the Constitution.   In January, it was an honor to be sworn in by Justice Brett Kavanaugh  and to join Senator Ernst as being the first Republican women on the  Judiciary Committee. Being the first woman ever elected to the Senate  from Tennessee and being a conservative woman are things that are not  lost on me. Indeed, conservative women have quite a track record in  leading the fight for freedom in our Nation's history.    At the top of that record is fighting and winning the right for women  to vote. Next year, we are going to celebrate the 100th anniversary of  the ratification of the 19th Amendment, granting women the right to  vote. You may not be aware, but Tennessee was the 36th and the decisive  State to ratify this amendment. It was the suffragists who fought and  led that charge, and I am honored to join so many of our female  colleagues in this Chamber in drafting legislation to honor that  anniversary. Indeed, I am going to provide all of our colleagues the  opportunity to cosponsor and participate in one of those bills that  will have a commemorative coin for the event.  [[Page S2308]]    Howard Baker--a great Tennessean and the former majority leader of  this body--once remarked about the nature of the Senate: ``[And] if we  cannot be civil to one another, and if we stop dealing with those with  whom we disagree, or that we don't like, we would soon stop functioning  altogether.''   With that in mind, my time in the Senate is going to be focused on  action and accomplishment--things that will lead to positive change.   Many times, people have asked me: What is one of your strengths? What  do you think helps you in the political process?   I have repeatedly said: I am a pretty good change agent.   That is something we need to do to fully function and to serve our  Nation.   Tennessee has constituencies across every sector of our Nation's  economy, and they are wanting change. They want fair and free markets,  less regulation, less taxation, and less litigation. Our industries are  in agriculture, energy production, financial services, national  security installations, veterans hospitals, world-class universities,  healthcare, manufacturing, technology, entertainment, and  communications.   In Tennessee, we are a logistics hub, with great networks and  intermodal facilities. As a member of the Senate Commerce, Science, and  Transportation Committee, I am going to work with them to make certain  that when the Federal Government shows up, it is there to be a help and  not a hindrance.   Tennessee is a cultural leader and is the Nation's center for music,  songwriting, and religion. The people want protection of the works they  create and of the sermons they preach.   Tennesseans also tell me that as their Senator, they want me to be  aware they are concerned about the future of the Nation. It is  unimaginable to Tennesseans that nearly three decades after the end of  the Cold War, there is a debate in Washington about, are you for  socialism or are you for freedom? They cannot believe this is  happening. They want to make certain we are going to continue to push  forward and protect this Nation and protect our freedoms that we have.  We will continue to do that and to push back.   We have a lot of challenges we are going to face. Tennesseans want to  make certain that we are going to be there to focus on prosperity and  leadership for future generations. This is going to require our paying  attention to technology. My colleagues will find that I am going to  work to push for 5G and next-generation technologies for both our  commercial and military space.   Senator Baldwin and I are introducing bipartisan legislation to  advance rural broadband, and I have joined Senators Gardner and Cortez  Masto on the ACCESS BROADBAND Act to make resources available to rural  communities. Technology is not only enabled by freedom, it enhances  freedom.   Make no mistake, our technology and our power are being challenged by  all of our adversaries. Primary among them is Communist China, which is  a threat to our country because it steals our technology, our  innovations, and in its unfair trading practices and monetary policy.  We should all be united in taking on the Chinese. Our Tennesseans talk  to me regularly about their concerns about some of the theft that takes  place by China. We have other enemies as well--from Maduro in Venezuela  to the Ayatollahs in Iran, to Kim Jong Un in North Korea. We must stand  together as Americans if we are to advance the cause of freedom.   Tennesseans have been clear in what they want and in what they expect  from their U.S. Senator. They want somebody who is going to listen to  them and be concerned about the stories of their lives, not the DC  story of the day. Tennesseans are ready for bold ideas on how the  Federal Government should spend their taxpayer dollars.   They don't want tweaks around the edges of bills; they want something  bold. They are concerned about how we are going to fund the military.  They are concerned about what we are going to do to further our  presence in this land.   Tennesseans want a Senator who will respect freedom and the rule of  law. It is a beautiful and diverse State. It represents the best of  what this Nation has to offer. Our history reflects a common set of  values that are based on faith, family freedom, hope, and opportunity,  and I look forward to working with my colleagues to preserve these  values and to fight back against those who would attempt to undermine  them.   I yield the floor.   