 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment would strike the requirement  that at least $750 million of Global Health Programs shall be made  available for so-called family planning, a funding stream that can  support domestically-based, nongovernment organizations that support  the global abortion industry.   Regard for human life has never been higher. Polling statistics  indicate that Americans are as likely to identify as pro-life as they  are pro-choice.   A Marist Poll shows that 75 percent of Americans would limit abortion  to the first 3 months of pregnancy.   Further, Americans oppose taxpayer funding for abortion in the U.S.,  54 percent to 39 percent.   Madam Chair, 75 percent of Americans oppose using tax dollars to fund  abortions in foreign countries. That is 75 percent.   Our policies reflect these views through the Hyde amendment, which  has protected Federal tax dollars from funding abortions in the United  States for the last four decades, and the Helms amendment, passed in  1973, to protect tax dollars from being spent on abortions through U.S.  foreign assistance.   Most recently, President Trump has committed to Congress and to the  American people that he will veto any legislation that encourages the  destruction of innocent human life at any stage.   Our President has also courageously reinstated the Protecting Life in  Global Health Assistance policy, which prohibits foreign nongovernment  organizations from performing and promoting abortion as long as they  are receiving U.S. tax dollars.   However, domestic nongovernment organizations are still using Federal  tax dollars to perform and promote abortion abroad.   In the State and Foreign Operations appropriations language, we use  the word ``family planning'' and ``reproductive health'' to disguise  giving grant recipients license to permeate foreign countries with  abortion.   Promoting abortion in poor, developing nations undermines our  purposes in providing lifesaving assistance and, I believe, disrespects  the cultures and, sometimes, the policies of those nations.   It encourages the idea that having fewer children reduces poverty and  economic instability instead of promoting real solutions to those  problems, like more human rights and liberties and helping women be  self-employed.   Stopping domestic nongovernment organizations from using American tax  dollars for abortions is consistent with our other policies, like the  Hyde and Helms amendments, and the PLGHA that limits government funding  for abortions, and is consistent with the views of 75 percent of  Americans.   These policies save lives. In the case of my amendment, thousands of  children all over the world can be saved.   To be clear, my amendment does not eliminate, nor does it reduce,  funding. My amendment aims to ensure that, instead of investing funds  in promoting and performing abortions abroad, the valuable dollars that  fund our global health programs are vested in reducing maternal and  infant mortality, treating birth complications and enabling access to  safe blood, nutrition, and antibiotics.   These dollars should be used to provide quality obstetric care and  true humanitarian assistance to those in need.  [[Page H4641]]    My amendment ensures that our Nation's policies align with the views  of the vast majority of the American people. We must not allow this  onslaught on children to continue being promoted in foreign nations,  and especially not with our tax dollars.   Children are a source of hope, prosperity, and development. They must  be treated as such from the very beginning of their lives, here and  everywhere.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   