 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 52, I call up  the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 28) making further continuing  appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes, and ask  for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on the measure under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Today is the 27th day of the Trump shutdown, the longest government  shutdown in American history.   Hardworking public servants are seeing their financial security  jeopardized. Small businesses are being frozen out of critical  contracting and loan programs. Businesses of all sizes are being hurt  by delayed regulatory approvals and a lack of government data. Farmers  are unable to access vital Federal services. Our national parks are  being vandalized and filling up with garbage. Critical environmental  inspections to protect families and communities have stopped. Lines at  airports are swelling, as many TSA workers can't afford to work without  pay.   Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable. But, unfortunately, we heard  yesterday in this very House that Republicans think reopening the  government is a poison pill. Reopening the government is a poison pill?  Frankly, that, my friends, is unbelievable.   We can and we must do better, which is why House Democrats are  bringing up our ninth piece of legislation to reopen the government and  end the Trump shutdown.   The continuing resolution would provide an additional option for  President Trump and Senate Republicans to take ``yes'' for an answer  and end the shutdown. It would reopen the government through February  28, providing time for Congress to come to a full-year agreement  without further jeopardizing vital services or the pay of Federal  employees.   The order of business, Mr. Speaker, should be simple: Reopen the  government, pay Federal employees, and then negotiate on border  security and immigration policy.   It is long past time for my colleagues across the aisle and across  the Capitol to come to their senses and end this shutdown.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and  reopen the government through February 28.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), an outstanding senior member of the  Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, my friends, end this Trump shutdown, vote  ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I must reiterate, today is the 27th day of  the Trump shutdown, the longest government shutdown in American  history. Therefore, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit.   This continuing resolution would provide an additional option for  President Trump and Senate Republicans to take yes for an answer and  end the shutdown. This CR would pay employees; it would reopen  government through February 28, providing time for Congress to come to  a full-year agreement, without further jeopardizing vital services or  the pay of Federal employees.   The order of business would be simple, my friends: reopen the  government, pay Federal employees, and then let's have a serious  negotiation on border security and immigration policy. Maybe I will  repeat that again, because the order of business is very simple: reopen  the government, pay Federal employees, and then negotiate on border  security and immigration policy.   It is long past time for my colleagues across the aisle, and across  the Capitol, to come to their senses and end this shutdown.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this motion to  recommit and open the government today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   