 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I  thank the gentlewoman for leading this very, very Special Order  tonight.   This topic is critically important, especially in light of the  heartbreaking news we have already referenced that has come out of New  York and Virginia in recent weeks.   I want to start by thanking the gentlewoman from Washington for  standing up tonight and telling us her story. The gentlewoman does have  an amazing story and an amazing family: a loving husband, Dan; and  Ethan and Abigail.   This is a family, and so we know each other's children. I can tell  you, Mr. Speaker, that walking through that journey with the  gentlewoman as her friend and colleague has been so special to Riley,  to me, and to our children, Margaret and George, who love them just the  same.   So I thank the gentlewoman so much for standing on the floor tonight  and having the courage to tell her amazing story. It just means a lot.  So I thank the gentlewoman for that.   Of course, I was stunned to hear the boisterous cheering upon the New  York State Legislature's passage of a bill that would significantly  loosen restrictions on late-term abortions.   Meanwhile, in Virginia, the Democratic Governor recently threw his  support behind similar legislation and made comments that served as a  horrific defense of born-alive abortions.   For the purpose of tonight's discussion, we have got to call born- alive abortion what it is, and it is infanticide.   Here in Congress, part of our job is to debate the issues. Our  dialogue surrounding legislation is a critically important component of  the democratic process in this country.   Still, no matter how our stances on abortion may vary, I hope we can  all agree that, if an abortion fails and a child is born alive, the  child must be given the same medical care that any other living,  breathing infant would otherwise be given.   I want to take this opportunity to reassure the people I represent in  Alabama that I remain unapologetically pro-life. I believe that life  begins at conception, and I am opposed to abortion at any stage.   I am severely disturbed that this country now requires written legal  provision to protect living babies. But, sadly, in the aftermath of  this news coming out of New York and Virginia, it is clear that this  step is immediately necessary.   That is why I am proud that the House of Representatives has wasted  no time in acting, and I especially appreciate my colleagues, Mr.  Scalise and Mrs. Wagner, who have been working tirelessly to force a  vote on the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, a bill I  cosponsored that would protect babies who are born alive during failed  abortion procedures.   Again, to my colleague, I thank her so much for organizing and having  this special hour tonight. This is a critically important issue, and I  hope that we will continue to have these discussions not just tonight  but in the days moving forward.   