 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to vote  down the previous question.   If we defeat the previous question, Republicans will amend the rule  to include the repeal of the medical device tax and the health  insurance tax as part of H.R. 748, the Middle Class Health Benefits Tax  Repeal Act of 2019.   H.R. 748 is an important piece of legislation that would permanently  repeal ObamaCare's 40 percent tax on employer-provided health  insurance, commonly referred to as the Cadillac tax. Ending the  Cadillac tax will provide important relief to both employers and  employees and ensure employers can remain leaders in utilizing new  technologies to reduce healthcare costs and ensure better patient  outcomes.   However, this bill doesn't include repealing other burdensome taxes,  like the medical device tax and the health  [[Page H5932]]  insurance tax. We all know that Americans are facing rising costs and  fewer healthcare options. Raising taxes on health coverage would only  make matters worse for families, small businesses, and Medicare  Advantage enrollees. That is why we should also include a bipartisan  provision to provide seniors relief from the burdensome health  insurance tax.   Hoosiers are proud to be leaders in medical innovation, with more  than 300 medical device manufacturers in my State that support nearly  55,000 good-paying jobs. However, after ObamaCare's medical device tax  took effect, the medical technology industry lost almost 29,000 jobs  nationwide from 2012 to 2015, according to the Commerce Department's  data.   Medical devices have changed the way we think about healthcare. New  technologies diagnose illnesses earlier, lowering the impact of care on  a person's daily life. All these notable gains will be wiped out if the  medical device tax is reinstated. By defeating the previous question,  we can repeal this job-killing tax as well.   It is critical that we repeal all three of these burdensome taxes  before they go back into effect. Doing so will help lower premiums,  improve access to care, and boost American manufacturing jobs.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against the previous  question.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce be  discharged from further consideration of the bipartisan bill H.R. 2447,  the Jobs and Premium Protection Act, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Ways and Means be discharged from further consideration of  the bipartisan bill H.R. 2207, the Protect Medical Innovation Act, and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   