 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairwoman Waters for her  leadership and commitment to putting the consumer back in the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau without regrets.   Mr. Chair, I am proud to be an original sponsor of this bill because  it does exactly what the title of this bill says it does. It puts  consumers first. One, by restoring supervisory and enforcement  authority to the Office of Fair Lending. It also establishes the  student loan office--continuing--and resumes military lending  examinations, all without regret.   Mr. Chairman, I don't know what my colleagues are talking about.  Those are things that we need, and maybe that is why some of the people  did send them back home. I do agree with my colleague on that.   This bill ensures that no matter who is running the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau, there are protections that guard against a  rogue Director from dismantling it and halting its important work, as  this administration has attempted to do time and time again.   Mr. Chairman, I support this because I support the workers. I support  what they do for consumers. I support this legislation, and I will  proudly debate anyone who thinks this chairwoman has not established  legislation and policies that put consumers first.   I urge all of my colleagues, even those on the other side: Let's talk  about bipartisanship. Let's get on board and vote ``yes'' for this.    Madam Chair, the inclusion of credit scores on the free  annual credit report is an issue that my colleague from Tennessee and I  have worked on for several Congresses. Under current law, all consumers  are entitled to a free annual report from the three credit reporting  agencies. However, despite providing consumers with all of the  information that makes up their credit scores, the free annual report  does not actually include a credit score. That needs to change.  Adoption of this amendment would do just that.   I want to thank Chairwoman Waters for working with us.   I also want to share that financial literacy is a lifelong journey,  and as co-chair of the Financial and Economic Literacy Caucus, I  believe that knowledge of one's own credit score is essential. There  are few three-digit numbers as important to consumers as their credit  score. Despite the importance, nearly 60 percent of U.S. adults are  unaware of what their score is.   Whether applying for a home or an auto loan, applying for a line of  credit or a credit card, or even applying for a job, undoubtedly, a  credit score plays an integral role in the everyday financial lives of  all Americans. I am asking and urging my colleagues to support this  important amendment.   