 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I thank the  gentlewoman for her support on this bill and for her leadership on the  Financial Services Committee.   I rise in strong support of the bill to protect American workers from  outsourcing, H.R. 3624, the Outsourcing Accountability Act of 2019. And  I congratulate my new colleague and my new friend from the great State  of Iowa, Cindy Axne, for her hard work on this important bill that will  help American workers and save American jobs.   This bill would require companies to disclose in their annual report  the total number of employees they employ in each State and each  foreign country. It would also require companies to disclose how those  numbers have changed from the previous year, which is critically  important because it will allow investors and the public to monitor  which companies are sending U.S. jobs overseas and also to see which  companies are bringing jobs back to the United States and employing  Americans.    When companies outsource more of their jobs to other countries,  sometimes that lowers a company's costs, but it also exposes the  company to reputational risk and increased operational risk. If more of  the company's workforce is located overseas, then the company is more  exposed to political unrest or trade disruptions, which we have  recently seen around the world.   It also makes it more difficult for companies to train workers who  are located halfway across the globe and to oversee their workforce and  ensure robust compliance with all the necessary regulatory  requirements. It opens the company up to potential scandals and fines,  which, at the end of the day, harms investors and harms the companies.   These risks are definitely material to investors, and they need to  know about them.   The bill would fix these problems and would hold companies that are  outsourcing U.S. jobs accountable for the decisions they are making.  This bill helps the American worker. It is just plain common sense, and  it does not cost the taxpayer anything. It is a win-win-win in so many  areas.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this worker protection  bill.   