 Mr. President, I was just listening and paying close  attention to my colleague from Alaska describing the uselessness and  the misery march of a government shutdown, particularly one that has  lasted longer than any one that has occurred over the history of this  country. I couldn't agree more, and I associate myself with her  comments, having had many conversations, as many of us have, with our  TSA agents and with our Coast Guard--yes, West Virginia has a Coast  Guard presence; I would like to emphasize that--with our prison guards  and others who have had just foisted upon them, through no fault of  their own, some very difficult decisions and sleepless nights, I am  sure.   So while we want to celebrate, there is really little cause to  celebrate. I think it is more of a breath of fresh air or a deep sigh  of relief. Probably, in the minds of the veterans whom I was with at  the Martinsburg Medical Center this morning, it is a deep breath and:  Well, no kidding. Let's get back to the business of governing and  making decisions and making good decisions for the country.   I chair the Subcommittee on Homeland Security in the Senate as part  of the Appropriations Committee. I am very pleased that the President  has made this announcement that our leaders, both Senator McConnell and  Senator Schumer, have come together with a commonsense, breathable  solution to give us some space to work through what we call here  regular order. For people listening who don't understand what that is,  it is what we should be doing every day, where I sit down as the chair  of the committee, with Senator Tester from Montana, who is the ranking  member on the committee, and other members of the committee, and we  work things out. I want this, and he wants this. Well, maybe pick in  the middle, or maybe I will give you this if you give me that.   So I look forward, with the bold leadership of Senator Shelby and  Senator Leahy, as chair and ranking member of the full committee, and  the leadership, certainly, of our leaders, with the President, to  working out a good solution here.   I firmly believe that border security is important. That is reflected  in the bill we passed out of our subcommittee that the Chair and the  Senator from Tennessee both voted on in the full committee. We had 10  Democrats who voted for that bill, which had border security, a  pedestrian fence, wall, technology, and the polar security cutter for  our Coast Guard, which is something very important to Alaska and the  Arctic and to us as Americans for our safety, and a lot of very  reflective priorities in there for the rest of the country.   We can't lose sight that homeland security is more than about one  structure or the one placement of a structure. It is about a full-out  array of ways of looking at protecting our country internally, in our  transportation sector, in our energy sectors, and in others.   While it sounds like a steep mountain, I embrace this. I embrace the  ability to play a role and to find a reasonable solution, and we have  been granted until February 15 to work this out. With that, I have  rolled up my sleeves. I am getting ready to go to work with many, many  others here in this body and across the way and at the White House.   To the American people, I agree that shutdowns are useless. They are  painful. Nobody wins. The big discussion is, Who is winning here? It is  pretty clear the American people aren't winning, and in the end, I  don't think anybody is winning.   With that, I yield my time, and look forward to getting to work and  to finding the right solution.   