 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amendment, and I  yield myself as much time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise for the purpose of offering an amendment to  provide an increase in American Samoa's nutritional assistance grant  funding by $13 million in order to ensure food security for the  American Samoan population due to damages sustained by Cyclone Gita in  February 2018.   Cyclone Gita's ravaging 100-miles-per-hour-plus winds and torrential  rains of over 30 inches devastated family farms and small farm  businesses, farms that most American Samoans need for their immediate  and extended families for subsistence purposes or to generate small  business income. Cyclone Gita wiped out an entire growing season for  the American Samoan farmer.   But this is a hand up, not a hand out, Madam Chair. This emergency  food aid, along with the additional Medicaid funding Federal matching  support in this bill, will allow American Samoans to get back on their  feet and fight for their community and country. It is what we do best.   American Samoa has been the number one Army recruiting station in  America for 2 of the last 5 years and suffered the worst casualty rate  in the Iraq war, both on a per capita basis. This bill will truly help  our local veterans, soldiers, and their families, churches, and greater  community get back to their fighting weight.   Madam Chair, I thank Chairman McGovern for his leadership on  nutritional assistance programs for so many years and Ranking Member  Cole and the Rules Committee members for listening to my testimony and  providing this opportunity.   I thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger for their  consideration, as well as thanks to Ag Subcommittee Chairman Bishop and  Ranking Member Aderholt.   I thank President Trump for swiftly declaring an emergency and FEMA  for their response, and especially our Governor, Lolo Moliga, and his  staff at home and in D.C., who have been so helpful on this request,  and for his leadership in the recovery efforts.   Madam Chair, I ask again for your support for this emergency food  assistance need for American Samoa.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment,  although I am not opposed to it.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of Vice Chairman  Sablan's amendment to provide much-needed emergency funding to repair  the wastewater treatment plants devastated by Typhoon Yutu.   I thank the vice chairman for his leadership on disaster assistance  and for securing a Medicaid hearing for the U.S. territories. The  upcoming hearing will provide an opportunity for territory Medicaid  issues to be brought to the forefront of Congress so that we can solve  our access and funding issues, ensuring future equity and  accountability for our Medicaid programs.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   