 Reading from Volume II, page 8: ``Congress has authority  to prohibit a President's corrupt use of his authority in order to  protect the integrity of the administration of justice.''   ``Article II of the Constitution does not categorically and  permanently immunize the President from potential liability for the  conduct that we investigated. Rather, our analysis led us to conclude  that the obstruction-of-justice statutes can validly prohibit a  President's corrupt efforts to use his official powers to curtail, end,  or interfere with an investigation.''   ``The conclusion that Congress may apply the obstruction laws to the  President's corrupt exercise of the powers of office accords with our  constitutional system of checks and balances and the principle that  no person is above the law.''     ``On October 7, 2016, the media released video of  candidate Trump speaking in graphic terms about women years earlier,  which was considered damaging to his candidacy. Less than an hour  later, WikiLeaks made its second release: thousands of John Podesta's  emails that had been stolen by the GRU in late March 2016. The FBI and  other U.S. Government institutions were at the time continuing their  investigation of suspected Russian Government efforts to interfere in  the Presidential election.   ``That same day, October 7, the Department of Homeland Security and  the Office of the Director of National Intelligence issued a joint  public statement `that the Russian Government directed the recent  compromises of emails from U.S. persons and institutions, including  from U.S. political organizations.' Those `thefts' and the  `disclosures' of the hacked materials through online platforms such as  WikiLeaks, the statement continued, `are intended to interfere with the  U.S. election process.' ''   Volume I, page 7.    ``Immediately after the November 8 election, Russian  Government officials and prominent Russian businessmen began trying to  make inroads into the new administration. The most senior levels of  Russian Government encouraged these efforts. The Russian Embassy made  contact hours after the election to congratulate the President-elect  and to arrange a call with President Putin. Several Russian businessmen  picked up the effort from there.''   Volume I, page 7.   