 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  [[Page S5479]]  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 310, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with  no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I am really pleased to be here with my  fellow Senator from the State of West Virginia to talk about a really  great city and very historic city in our State of West Virginia, and  that is to recognize the 250th birthday anniversary of the city of  Wheeling, WV.   In September of 1769, Ebenezer Zane set out into the great unknown,  as many of our brave earlier settlers did. He found a place nestled at  the mouth of a river, and he girdled a group of trees together and  carved his family name into them, claiming his tomahawk right, as was  the custom of the time. That clearing that Zane created, where he built  his home and raised his family, would develop into the city of  Wheeling.   I grew up just 10 miles south of Wheeling, WV. Wheeling is a city of  industry, good people, and growth. Yes, there have been ups and downs  over the years, but today it is as vibrant as ever. As West Virginians,  we all take pride in our State's progress through the years, but  Wheeling has made a particularly special mark on our State.   During the Wheeling Convention of 1861, Western Virginians voted to  secede from Virginia so that we could remain loyal to the Union. They  declared that Virginia officials had abandoned their posts, and they  established a provisional government with Francis Pierpont as the  Governor.   Then, in 1863--something we are very proud of--President Lincoln  issued a proclamation admitting the State of West Virginia into the  Union and instituting Wheeling, WV, as our first State capital.   The bold actions of the men of the Wheeling Convention opened the  gate for the creation of the State I know we know and love, the State  that we are so proud to call home and to serve here in the Senate.   As a matter of fact, we have a statue to honor our first Governor,  Governor Francis Pierpont, the father of West Virginia, and it still  stands in the Capitol in Statuary Hall today.   As a new State following the Civil War, West Virginia sought to  cement its place in the recovering Union, and Wheeling became an early  transportation epicenter. Probably, traveling to the Presiding  Officer's State, you had to go right through Wheeling.   With the presence of the National Road, including the Wheeling  Suspension Bridge, which is still there today, the city connected the  Ohio River with the Potomac River and offered further expansion to the  west. As a result, Wheeling, WV, was able to become a powerhouse in the  steel industry. We have all heard of Wheeling steel. In the late 19th  century, Wheeling was producing nearly half of the Nation's nails,  earning it the nickname ``Nail City.''   Today, Wheeling has revived its downtown, winning the 2019 Great  American Main Street Award.   In the past 3 years, they have opened 37 new small businesses--the  backbone of our State--and the city has opened tourism to the Ohio  River Valley, from the Victorian Capitol Theater and the shops and  eateries of Centre Market to one of the best--and, I will say, not one  of the best but the best--holiday light shows in the country at Oglebay  Park, their Winter Festival of Lights.   Wheeling is historic. It is beautiful, and it is booming. That is all  thanks to the creative and incredible men and women who have called it  home over the years.   One of my favorite historic stories about Wheeling involves one of  those brave men, Major Samuel McColloch.   Back in September of 1777, during the Revolutionary War, there was a  siege on Fort Henry, which today is Wheeling. As the fort came under  attack by a group of Native Americans, Major McColloch arrived at the  fort with 40 mounted men. They all made it safely inside the gate  except for the major, who was then forced to flee to a nearby hill. If  you know anything about West Virginia or Wheeling, WV, we have plenty  of hills.   So when he got to the top, he found himself surrounded, and his only  hope of escaping was by leaping off of the edge, which was about a 300- foot drop. Well, being the bold leader that he was, Major McColloch  took the jump. He and his horse survived this leap, and they galloped  away.   Today, that spot is marked by an historic marker, and it is called  McColloch's Leap. I can remember my parents, when I was a young girl  and we would go to Wheeling, stopping and explaining this incredible  story about the leap of Major McColloch with his horse down the 300  feet. You ought to go see it, because when you look at it, you go:  Whoa, that is a long way.   Of course we cannot forget the women who also helped to shape  Wheeling's history. There was another siege on Fort Henry that took  place in September of 1782. It is often known as the Last Battle of the  Revolutionary War. Native Americans and British Rangers had laid siege  to the fort, with some 40 men defending it and protecting and guarding  the women and children inside.   As the battle raged on, the settlers knew that they would soon  deplete their ammunition, but they knew of a stockpile at the nearby  Zane homestead. So one volunteer, Betty Zane, Ebenezer's sister and one  of the original settlers of Wheeling, stepped up. She ran to her  brother's cabin at her own peril, gathered up the gunpowder in a  tablecloth and returned through enemy fire.   Betty was successful and unharmed, and with the replenished  resources, the forces were forced to retire, resulting in a victory for  Wheeling and a very young United States of America.   So, as we gather today, Senator Manchin and I, to honor Wheeling's  250th birthday, I also honor the individuals who built the city, from  the first settlers to those who walk down Market Street today.  Together, they have secured an important place for Wheeling in our  Nation's history, and they have made it the success and the incredible  city that it remains today.   I was just in Wheeling last weekend, where we had a parade  celebrating the 250th birthday of Wheeling. With the amount of young  people, music, and great feeling that exuded all throughout the city-- restaurants full, bands playing patriotic music--it was a wonderful day  for the entire community to celebrate that birthday.   In West Virginia, we have little names for little cities and how we  feel. Wheeling is a place I have frequented many, many times in my  life. I can say that day, celebrating the 250th birthday on Saturday, I  definitely had the ``Wheeling feeling.'' I had the opportunity to see  so many of those in the northern panhandle celebrate Wheeling as a  vibrant city. I look forward to continuing to celebrate this vibrant  city and everyone who calls it home for years to come.   I yield the floor and welcome Senator Manchin.   