 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.  Res. 296, Affirming the United States record on the Armenian Genocide.  I am honored to have supported this resolution my entire tenure in  Congress. Although it should not have taken this long, today is a  historic day in that the House is finally acknowledging the Armenian  Genocide, recognizing the heroic efforts of many in our government to  help the Armenian people, and honoring the victims of this tragedy.   H. Res. 296 acknowledges the systematic and deliberate annihilation  of millions of Armenians by the Ottoman Empire. The resolution  recognizes the courage and leadership shown at the time by our  ambassador Henry Morgenthau, our government, and the American people  who provided relief and shelter to the victims of the genocide.  Thousands of victims, mostly women and children, were saved by the  people of our nation who gave humanitarian assistance to the refugees.   Many of the Armenians who fled this crisis immigrated to the United  States where they found the freedom and prosperity that our nation  provides. The descendants of these genocide survivors have created the  strong, vibrant, and patriotic Armenian-American community that our  nation is blessed with today. We must honor the sacrifice of their  forefathers and reaffirm the U.S. record on the Armenian Genocide.   I would like to thank the many advocates in and outside of Congress  who have played an integral role in ths legislation. Our colleagues  Congressman Adam Schiff and Congressman Frank Pallone have been  tireless advocates for this resolution and should be applauded for  their work in getting us here today. The Armenian-American community  has stayed committed to recognizing the incredible injustice their  ancestors suffered even while many challenged their bearing witness to  the truth.   Armenian-Americans have sought formal recognition of this genocide,  not only to help heal their own community, but to ensure genocide never  happens again. The Armenian-American community is always first to speak  out regarding modern-day crimes against humanity, such as in Rwanda and  Darfur.   Mr. Speaker, like Armenian-Americans I ask my colleagues to support  this resolution, not only to recognize the genocides of the past, but  to prevent genocide in the future.   