 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, there has been an awful lot of talk  recently about what it means to be a patriotic American, and the fact  is the answer for each of us is deeply personal.    I wasn't blessed to be born an American citizen. I was born in  Vietnam, where my parents faced persecution by a communist government,  in part, for their wartime affiliation with the U.S. military.   When I was a baby, we fled Vietnam by boat, running out of fuel in  the South China Sea when a U.S. Navy ship came to our rescue, helping  us reach a Malaysian refugee camp. A Lutheran church then sponsored our  passage to America, where we became proud citizens.   Although we were eternally grateful to be here, life wasn't always  easy. My mom worked as a seamstress and my dad at a power plant, and  together, they cleaned office buildings at night, often bringing my  brother and me along.   My parents didn't speak English well or have a community of close  friends, but what they did have, like so many immigrants, was a strong  work ethic.   My dad also had a labor union in his corner, and the union spoke for  him and they fought for him.   My parents worked hard to make ends meet so that their children would  have opportunities they themselves never had. And that is the American  Dream, which brings me back to the question of what it means to be a  patriot.  [[Page H7127]]    For me, it starts with gratitude for this country and an appreciation  for its exceptional qualities.   This country saved my family's life. It gave us refuge and  opportunity, as it has done for so many across generations.   But I think patriotism goes beyond love of country. It is also about  striving to make this country even stronger. It is about trying to make  life a little bit easier for Americans who work hard and play by the  rules, folks like my parents and like so many of my constituents.   I support this bill for a simple reason: In the greatest country on  Earth, nobody with the dignity of a full-time job should suffer the  indignity of not being able to provide for themselves or their loved  ones.   For a decade, the minimum wage has been stuck at $7.25 an hour, while  the cost of living has skyrocketed, and there is no part in this great  country where $7.25 is a living wage anymore.   It is past time we gave hardworking American families a raise. They  have earned it.   This bill gradually increases the minimum wage in seven steps,  reaching $15 by 2025 at the earliest. This is a reasonable bill, not a  radical one.   CBO estimates this bill will raise wages for nearly 30 million  workers and lift millions out of poverty. They will have more money to  spend in the local economy because workers are consumers, too, and they  will be less reliant on government programs. And given that our deficit  will exceed a trillion dollars this year, that should be music to my  Republican colleagues' ears.   I oppose this MTR because every American who works hard deserves a  fair shot at the American Dream. Whether you live in Pennsylvania or  Arizona or Minnesota or Florida, you deserve a raise. And whether you  work for a large corporation or a small business, you deserve a raise;  you deserve a living wage; and you certainly deserve $15 an hour.   Public polling shows strong bipartisan support for increasing the  minimum wage.   Make no mistake: This MTR is simply a Republican attempt to defeat  this bill because they oppose any increase to the Federal minimum wage.  Some oppose the concept of a minimum wage at all. Well, the American  people disagree, and as Democrats, we stand with the American people.   The contrast is clear: Our Republican colleagues made working  families pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals and  corporations. Yes, they did. And now they are opposing our efforts to  give those working families a raise. That is not just bad policy; that  is shameful.   When I vote ``yes'' on final passage, I will be thinking about my  parents and my hardworking constituents; and thank God families like  these have labor unions fighting for them in the workplace and in the  Halls of Congress. This will be one of the proudest votes I cast.   I urge my colleagues to oppose the MTR. Let's pass this bill. Let's  continue this fight in the Senate and in State capitals across this  country.   I yield back the balance of my time.   