 Mr. President, I have come here before to call out  Senate Republicans and their unwavering support for President Trump's  efforts to pack our courts with partisan and ideologically driven  picks, but the nominee I am speaking against today is truly uniquely  unfit to serve a lifetime appointment--a lifetime appointment--on a  Federal court: Steven Menashi.   Mr. Menashi has a deeply disturbing history of disparaging comments  against women, communities of color, immigrants, and the LGBTQI  community.   He unabashedly helped to roll back protections for vulnerable  communities. He defiantly refused to answer basic questions from U.S.  Senators, both Democrats and Republicans, about the policies he worked  on while advising the President. He has time and again put extremism  and ideology ahead of the rule of law, and he has proven himself  incapable of serving as a fair and impartial judge.   As if his record of extremism and partisanship wasn't bad enough, we  now know that Steven Menashi not only helped but was the key architect  in Secretary DeVos's efforts to illegally deny relief to student  borrows who were cheated by predatory for-profit colleges. These  policies that Mr. Menashi provided ``legal advice'' for were  subsequently ruled to be in violation of Federal law.   Secretary DeVos's policy on borrower defense led to her being held in  contempt of court. Whether Mr. Menashi did not understand Federal law  or whether he advised the Secretary of Education to blatantly ignore it  at the expense of students, the fact is that this latest revelation  undoubtedly and unequivocally disqualifies him from serving a lifetime  appointment on a Federal court--or, at least, it should.   Tomorrow, the Senate will take a critical vote. This is a vote on  whether the Senate once again rubberstamps President Trump's  unprecedented effort to remake the Federal judiciary on a partisan  ideological basis. It is a vote that shows whether Republicans are  willing to support a judicial nominee whose actions--his own actions-- have been found to violate the law as recently as just a few weeks ago.   I implore my Republican colleagues to consider not just Mr. Menashi's  record of bigotry and the harm he helped cause to cheated and defrauded  students, but also his blatant disregard of the rule of law.   When casting their vote, I ask my colleagues not to worry about what  the President might say on Twitter, but to worry about the rule of law  and to worry about the idea yet another partisan nominee getting a  lifetime on the Federal bench who doesn't. It is that simple.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   