 Madam Speaker, no one enters Congress hoping to impeach  the president. But when duty demands it, we have no other choice. Our  founders included in the Constitution a provision for impeachment, a  provision to be used only in the face of the gravest threats to our  democratic republic.   Deciding how to vote cannot be accurately portrayed in tweets or  sound bites, so I welcome the opportunity to explain my thoughts.   Unlike many others in the Democratic Party, I was, at first, hesitant  about impeachment. As one of the few who predicted that Donald Trump  could win the election, I made clear that I would work with him if he  would help the hard-working men and women of my district in Michigan.   I worked with his team on lowering drug prices, improving trade  policies, addressing the opioid crisis and updating major conservation  efforts. We made progress in some areas.   I have also opposed many of this administration's positions,  including threatening to take away protections for people living with  pre-existing medical conditions, withdrawing from the Paris climate  agreement, instituting a travel ban affecting Muslim-majority countries  and tearing families apart at the border.   These policies were wrong, but they were not impeachable offenses.  Our democracy supports dissenting opinions, and I respect the office of  the presidency.   Pressure began early this year for me to call for impeachment. The  billionaire Tom Steyer  [[Page H12204]]  ran advertisements in The Detroit News and The Detroit Free Press and  on news websites and social media calling for impeachment. People in my  district had strong opinions everywhere I went, from the grocery store  and farmers markets to church and my bagel place.   At the time, my constituents were focused on the Mueller report into  Russian interference in the 2016 election, which they hoped would  provide a case for impeachment. But it wasn't clear. What the report  did reveal--a finding that was often overlooked in the focus on the  Trump campaign's contacts with Russians--is that Moscow is trying to  divide our country.   Then, in October, came reports that Mr. Trump and his administration  withheld congressionally approved military aid to Ukraine while asking  for a foreign government to investigate one of his political rivals. An  inspector general appointed by Mr. Trump found that there was a  credible, urgent and potentially immediate threat to our national  security.   No matter the party affiliation of the person occupying the White  House or the party of the majority in Congress, our founders built our  Constitution on a system of three equal branches of government, with  very clear oversight responsibilities delegated to the Congress. The  whistle-blower report required Congress to investigate the facts and  follow the issue.   News outlets seem to assume that House Democrats and Republicans have  been as obsessed with impeachment as they are, and that every single  Democrat had her mind made up from Day 1. But the truth is that many of  us on both sides have remained focused on kitchen-table issues that  matter to everyone.   While the House Intelligence and Judiciary Committees undertook the  job of gathering the facts, House leaders and other committees worked  to lower prescription drug prices, protect the environment, restore  voting rights to citizens and devise trade deals that level the playing  field.   A vote as serious as impeaching the president of the United States  deserves thoughtful, reflective and deliberate attention. Each day,  after attending my own committee hearings and markups, meetings and  events with constituents, I would come home to start my own studies on  the impeachment inquiry.   I read testimonies from firsthand witnesses, parsed the majority and  dissenting opinions from the committees' reports and listened to the  voices on both sides. I spent weeks reading the Constitution,  constitutional scholars, the Federalist Papers and papers from both the  Nixon and Clinton impeachment processes.   By the end, I was convinced: The facts showed that President Trump  and his administration put politics over country by asking a foreign  government to investigate a political rival while withholding military  aid that affects our national security.   Further evidence showed a clear obstruction of Congress. Blocking key  witnesses from the administration from testifying and even intimidating  sitting witnesses sets a dangerous precedent.   If we don't address this abuse of power, we abdicate our  constitutional and moral responsibility. Failing to address it would  also condone these actions as acceptable for future administrations.   Did President Trump's actions rise to the level of a threat to our  democracy? Yes. Future generations and historians will judge us if we  did not address these dangers. I will cast my vote to protect our  Constitution, our democratic republic and the future of our country.   