 Mr. President, with the election of President Trump in  2016, it was reasonable to believe that the war on coal was settled, or  at least we had a lasting cease-fire. This administration's policies,  supported by the Congressional Review Act resolutions, undid many of  the excesses of the Obama administration's regulatory  [[Page S5830]]  assault on coal country. Congress and the President overturned the so- called stream protection rule, which would have made it nearly  impossible to mine coal in Appalachia.   The Trump administration has returned sanity to the clean water  permitting process in section 404 and is in the process of restoring  the Waters of the United States rule to align with congressional intent  of protecting Federal waters and not every stream, ditch, and gully  across this country, but the jewel of the War on Coal's crown was  always the Clean Power Plan.   A sweeping rule to limit the use of coal in our power generation mix,  the Clean Power Plan ran roughshod over utility investments and States'  rights to protect their taxpayers and ratepayers. In a moment of  clarity, then-Candidate Obama acknowledged that under his vision for  our power system ``electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket.''   The Clean Power Plan, if implemented, would have made that vision a  reality. Energy is a topline item in many of our families' budgets and  very expensive, and this policy would have grown these costs  significantly. This plan was so disastrous and so clearly beyond the  scope of EPA's authority that 24 States--with West Virginia in the  lead--sued to stop it. The Supreme Court--our Supreme Court--heard the  call and placed a stay on the rule while a lower court weighed the  merits.   This June, the Trump EPA finalized its replacement for this unlawful  CPP with the Affordable Clean Energy rule. This commonsense alternative  acknowledges the need to reduce carbon emissions from our power sector  but ensures that EPA targets are actually achievable and will not kill  jobs in the utility and energy sectors, nor crush American families  with higher electric bills.   Fully implemented, the ACE rule will reduce the CO2  emissions by as much as 35 percent from 2005 levels. This  administration understands that protecting our environment need not  come at the expense of a growing economy. The result has been a growth  in our national GDP that the Obama administration's economic  projections predicted would be unachievable.   The unemployment rate of my own State of West Virginia is now 4.6  percent, after it had peaked in 2010 at 8.8 percent. This week, many  Democrats in this body want to put all this progress in jeopardy and  reopen the War on Coal with a Congressional Review Act resolution to  block the ACE rule.   Senate Democrats and their Presidential candidates have doubled down  on policies that would destroy our jobs, hammer consumers, and burden  future generations with staggering amounts of debt.   Refusing to learn the lessons of Hillary Clinton's 2016 failed  campaign promise, which was to put a lot of coal miners and coal  companies out of business, the former Vice President has taken it a  step further: pledging on a Detroit debate stage in July to ``make  sure'' that coal and natural gas that comes from fracking are  ``eliminated.''   There is much support on the other side for the Green New Deal's  energy and environmental components, which would cost between $8  trillion and $12 trillion, and that is before adding other extreme  visions for the government takeover of healthcare, education, and  agriculture.   The Democrats' energy agenda will lead to fewer jobs, more expensive  utility bills, and less reliable electricity. We already see the lack  of reliability of our electricity grid in California right now. I hope  the Senate will refuse to go down this path toward impoverishing the  very people who power the country and make our quality of life  possible.   Passage of this resolution would serve as the starting point for a  resumption of the War on Coal and a march to the extremist excesses of  the Green New Deal. I urge my colleagues to heed the voice of the  American people and vote no on the resolution disapproving the ACE  rule.   