 Mr. President, I want to thank Senators Murphy and  Blumenthal for their tremendous leadership that we are here on the  floor today to speak about.   I come today not just as a Member of the Senate representing my home  State of Washington but as a former educator, as a mother, and as a  grandmother devastated by how the gun violence epidemic is tearing  apart our families and ravaging our communities in every State.   I am furious at Republican leaders who continue to stand by and do  nothing while more and more lives are lost, just as I was after  Newtown, Parkland, Sutherland Springs, and Marysville in my home State  of Washington. I could go on.   We don't have to continue this cycle of violence, heartbreak, and  inaction, and we are here today to emphasize that there is action we  can take right now because earlier this year, the House passed H.R. 8-- meaningful, bipartisan gun safety legislation--to address this terrible  crisis through universal background checks and other popular reforms.  But in the 260 days since H.R. 8 passed the House, it has languished  here in the Senate despite repeated calls from myself and my Democratic  colleagues for a vote.   That is why 58 days ago, following the tragic events at El Paso,  Dayton, and Midland, I joined my Senate Democratic colleagues here on  the floor to try to break the cycle and demand that we address the  scourge of gun violence in this country by taking a vote here in the  Senate on H.R. 8, which would install universal background checks--a  policy that, by the way, is supported by an overwhelming majority of  Americans.   In the face of Republican apathy, people across the country raised  their voices even louder, demanding action to end the endless wave of  gun tragedy, so much so that after this summer's string of horrors,  President Trump bowed to public pressure and made a commitment to  finally act to address the gun violence epidemic.   After months and years of inaction and far, far too many lives lost,  it was the first sliver of hope in a long while--that the President and  Senate Republicans would finally put the safety of our families over  their allegiance to the NRA and do something substantive about ending  this Nation's gun violence epidemic, working with Democrats toward  commonsense reforms to end gun violence and keep people safe.   Now, more than 2 months later, President Trump has betrayed his  pledge to address this tragic epidemic as if the past summer never even  happened. Once again, he has chosen to abdicate his responsibility to  keep our families and our communities safe and has broken yet another  promise he made to the American people, kowtowing to the NRA and its  unpopular, hard-right agenda to stymie commonsense gun reform as soon  as mass shootings were out of the headlines.   Well, I can assure you, Senate Democrats and I are going to keep  fighting for commonsense gun safety reforms, like universal background  checks, even when gun violence isn't making a headline that day,  because while President Trump continues carrying water for the NRA and  Senate Republicans continue hiding behind President Trump,  [[Page S6584]]  Democrats here understand that Congress has a duty to act to protect  lives, and that the President's cowardice absolutely should not set  Congress's agenda.    While President Trump's backtracking on this serious issue is  disgraceful, I ask my Republican colleagues to remember that we are not  beholden to the President or to the gun lobby and that we do not need  President Trump's permission to vote on bills or to act to save lives.   In fact, in States across the country, we have been able to take on  the gun lobby and make meaningful progress to address this crisis.   In my home State of Washington, we have closed background check  loopholes, and we have enacted extreme risk protection orders. We were  able to accomplish those things because of the advocacy of groups like  Moms Demand Action across my State, the Washington State Alliance for  Gun Responsibility, Everytown for Gun Safety, March for Our Lives, and  so many more, as well as the dedicated volunteers and activists behind  those organizations, the brave people who have been out making their  voices heard and putting pressure on lawmakers to do their jobs to end  this senseless epidemic, people like Jane Weiss, who lives in Mill  Creek, WA. After she tragically lost her niece to gun violence, Jane  joined the fight to pass lifesaving legislation in Washington State by  putting pressure on her State lawmakers and won.   There are people like Jane all across the country who are speaking up  and fighting back, even when it means reliving some of the hardest  moments of their lives, in order to prevent others from suffering as  much as they have. That is hard and brave work to do, but there is  absolutely nothing hard or brave about simply having a vote on  bipartisan, House-passed legislation to ensure universal background  checks. To the contrary, it is the height of cowardice not to hold that  vote while families across the country wonder which movie theater or  shopping mall or synagogue or mosque or church or community space is  next and while students spend their time in school on active shooter  drills while they should be learning. Unfortunately, cowardice is what  we are seeing from far too many Republicans here in the Senate and in  the White House when it comes to protecting families from this scourge  of gun violence.   I want to be clear. I hope my Republican colleagues allow this  legislation to pass today, but if they don't, for Jane and so many  others, Senate Democrats are going to keep shining a spotlight on the  inaction on gun violence here in the Senate and the broken promises  coming out of the White House. We are going to keep making the case,  building support, and we will not give up until this is done.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Madam President, as President Trump and the Senate  Republicans continue to press forward with their relentless attacks on  families' healthcare, the Democrats are going to continue to make clear  just what is at stake by lifting up stories of patients and families  across the country, starting with Natasha from my home State of  Washington.   Because of a diagnosis she received when she was young, Natasha had  long believed she could not conceive, so she and her partner were  particularly surprised last year to get the news that she was pregnant.  With that unexpected news, came all sorts of questions, including  whether they could handle the cost of things like maternity care,  postpartum care, and newborn care. Fortunately, Natasha's family had  coverage through Medicaid, so all of the medical costs she had been so  concerned about were completely covered. Instead of worrying about how  they would pay for the healthcare she needed, she and her partner were  able to focus on getting ready to welcome the newest addition to their  family.   Natasha's story shows why families across the country are so worried  as the Republicans continue down the damaging path they have been on  for years. Since day No. 1 of the Trump administration, the Republicans  have been working to raise families' healthcare costs, take away their  coverage, and make healthcare lower quality.   In the Senate, the Republicans have stood with President Trump as he  has tried to implement draconian caps on Medicaid through his Trumpcare  bill and has proposed budgets that slash funding for Medicaid. They  have also stood by as President Trump has implemented a gag rule on  title X-funded clinics--jeopardizing reproductive healthcare for  millions of patients. The Republicans are also opposing the Democrats'  efforts to lower skyrocketing prescription drug prices by  [[Page S6590]]  allowing Medicare to negotiate on behalf of patients and to reverse  President Trump's steps to promote junk insurance plans that do not  protect patients with preexisting conditions and do increase families'  healthcare costs.   The Republicans are even cheerleading a partisan lawsuit that will be  catastrophic to families across the country. We could get a ruling on  this lawsuit any day now. If the Republicans get their way, protections  for the over 100 million people in this country with preexisting  conditions could be thrown out the window. Millions of families who are  covered through the exchanges and Medicaid expansion could be thrown  off of their healthcare, and young adults could be kicked off of their  parents' plans before they turn 26. Patients could also be stuck paying  tens of thousands of dollars for their care as caps on their out-of- pocket costs are eliminated, as caps on their lifetime and annual  benefits come back--even for those, by the way, who are covered through  their employers' plans--and as essential benefits that make sure their  coverage includes things like prescription drugs and emergency care go  away.   For patients like Natasha, the Republicans' healthcare agenda would  be a disaster. Not only would it gut Medicaid, which helped her to get  the help she needed, but if the Republicans succeed in this lawsuit,  insurance companies could discriminate against patients like her for  having preexisting conditions, including, by the way, being pregnant,  and insurance companies could choose not to cover essential health  benefits like maternity care.   The junk plans President Trump is already promoting leave patients  facing similar problems today. In fact, as part of their application  process, many of those junk plans ask patients whether they are  pregnant or are planning to become pregnant. That is because these junk  plans are already allowed to deny coverage, exclude benefits, or charge  higher premiums for patients with preexisting conditions.   The Republicans' approach to patients' healthcare--making it more  expensive, harder to get, and lower quality--is clearly designed to  work for big insurance companies, not for people like Natasha. Her  story is one of many. In fact, it is one of tens of millions. There are  so many other families across the country who are seeing their well- being being put at risk by the Republicans' harmful healthcare agenda.  Yet we have seen before what can happen when people share their  stories, when we lift those stories up, and when we put faces or names  to the people the Republicans could hurt with their policies. When the  Republicans tried to jam through their Trumpcare bill, we stopped it  because people across the country fought back, and they spoke up.   As President Trump and the Republicans continue using every tool they  can to try and undermine families' healthcare, the Democrats are going  to be here to continue to remind our colleagues on the other side of  the aisle that everything we do and don't do in the Capitol has real  consequences for real families, especially when it comes to issues like  healthcare, which every family has to deal with.   Whether it is losing coverage right as you finally have the chance to  start a family or whether it is being rejected because you have a  preexisting condition, we are going to continue lifting up those voices  who aren't on the Senate floor, and we are going to continue making  clear what the GOP's healthcare plan would actually mean to people's  lives. This isn't a matter of politics for families; it is a matter of  life and death, and we aren't going to let the Republicans forget it.   I yield the floor.   