 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment would allow gun owners to  legally transfer their firearms to individuals who have been approved  and are participants in TSA's PreCheck program.   TSA PreCheck identifies trusted travelers and, thus, allows expedited  movement through airport security. In order to receive TSA PreCheck,  one must submit an application, have an in-person interview, and go  through a background check and fingerprinting.  [[Page H2255]]    Fingerprinting is not required, currently, to purchase a gun; thus, a  TSA PreCheck background check is more stringent. If an individual can  pass this background check and be admitted to this Federal Government  program, there is no reason why they shouldn't be able to borrow a  firearm from a friend. They have already gone through a more extensive  background check system than to acquire a weapon. The current  background check does not require fingerprints; a TSA PreCheck does.   Membership to TSA PreCheck must be renewed every 5 years. Again, the  TSA PreCheck process requires fingerprints and an in-person interview.  The process, currently, for purchasing a gun requires neither of those  under Federal law. It appears, then, that the TSA PreCheck process is a  more extensive process.   H.R. 8 restricts not only the purchase, but also the everyday gun  transfer for law-abiding citizens. This amendment and many other  Republican amendments--I think I had five others that were not made in  order--seek to give some relief to law-abiding citizens from this  overarching and burdensome legislation.   In H.R. 8, we are not only talking about the purchase of firearms, we  are talking about the transfer of firearms, which includes lending your  firearm. The Democrats have proposed a bill that would criminalize  millions of law-abiding Americans. Because this bill uses ambiguous,  overarching, and vague language, it encompasses so many potential  situations. This amendment seeks to give some relief.   If we are going to allow Americans to be given expedited and reduced  screening in our most sensitive and secure environments in the U.S.  airport getting on a plane, why wouldn't we allow them to lend a gun to  their friend?   H.R. 8 criminalizes me and others just for handing someone a firearm  who isn't a direct family member or in other very narrow situations. In  fact, as I said yesterday, the language in this bill is so ambiguous.  What is ``imminent danger''? There is no definition in the bill.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Collins).    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Nadler, in his statement, said that my amendment would allow  dangerous people to get guns. I have to say I disagree.   I am the ranking member on the Committee on Homeland Security  subcommittee that deals with TSA, and the TSA PreCheck system is more  stringent than the background check currently required to obtain a gun,  when you purchase it. Again, it requires a fingerprint background check  and an individual interview. Neither of those are required right now.   We had offered a number of amendments to help this bill become less  burdensome on law-abiding citizens, and so I am happy that one was at  least ruled in order, this TSA one, and I would ask my colleagues to  please vote ``yes'' on it.  [[Page H2256]]    Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this commonsense amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   