 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Ohio for his  statement and his concerns, and I am here today to join him on the  floor to oppose Chad Readler's nomination to the Sixth Circuit Court of  Appeals.   I call on every Republican who said they were going to fight for  families' healthcare coverage, protections for people with preexisting  conditions, to prove they meant it by joining us.   I have heard my Republican colleagues claim time and again that they  care about protections for people with preexisting conditions. I have  heard  [[Page S1676]]  them say they want to tackle those skyrocketing healthcare costs. I  have heard them say they want to help people get the care they need,  but when push comes to shove, I have yet to see them join Democrats and  actually vote to make that happen. In fact, they do have a long track  record of working to move us in exactly the opposite direction.   People across the country have not forgotten how they had to speak up  and stop Republicans from jamming through that awful TrumpCare bill,  which would have spiked premiums and gutted Medicaid and put families  back at the mercy of big insurance companies that could jack up prices  for people with preexisting conditions.   Those people also will not forget if Republicans decide to ignore  them again and rally around this judicial nominee, who wants to do the  same damage.   Let's be clear. Chad Readler's nomination is the latest test of  whether Republicans are serious about fighting for people's healthcare,  and every Republican who supports him is failing yet again.   Make no mistake--Chad Readler has not only championed some of  President Trump's most alarming steps, such as his travel ban, his  family separation policy, his efforts to undermine protections for  LGBTQ people and more; he has also been President Trump's right-hand  man when it comes to undermining healthcare for people in this country.   When the Trump administration decided to abandon protections for  people with preexisting conditions in court and throw its weight behind  a lawsuit that would strike them down, Chad Readler signed on to the  brief defending the decision. It is a brief that three other Justice  Department officials refused to sign, and one even resigned over it.  But Chad Readler led the Trump administration's legal argument for  striking down protections for people with preexisting conditions, which  will increase costs and throw healthcare for millions of people into  utter chaos.   It was an argument one of my Republican colleagues, as you just  heard, called ``as far-fetched as any I've ever heard.'' I agree. It is  farfetched, which is why it is also farfetched for any Republican who  votes to confirm Readler to continue pretending they care about  protections for people with preexisting conditions or helping families  get affordable healthcare.   The choice, to me, is pretty simple and straightforward. You cannot  be for protections for people with preexisting conditions and for  making someone who wants to strike them down a circuit judge. You  cannot fight for families' healthcare and vote to empower the very  people who have been leading the charge to undermine it. You can't vote  for Readler and stand with those families.   People across the country are watching this vote closely. They know,  despite Republicans' promises to fight for their healthcare, when it  matters as it does here, when the care they need is truly on the line,  Republicans have not come through for them.   I hope that changes today. I hope, instead of breaking their word and  voting once more for President Trump's agenda of chaos and healthcare  sabotage, they will live up to the promises and join us and people  across the country and oppose Readler's nomination.   Before I wrap up, I want to talk about the larger issue here because  Readler is not the only alarming judicial nominee from President Trump.   Just this week, in fact, Republicans jammed through Allison Rushing.  She is an incredibly inexperienced circuit court nominee who has voiced  some incredibly alarming ideological views, especially for women and  the LGBTQ community.   Later this week we expect a vote on Eric Murphy. He is another  nominee who has taken extreme positions on women's healthcare, from  endorsing misinformation by signing on to briefs that cite false-- false--claims about women's health to standing in support of laws that  were found to unconstitutionally infringe on women's reproductive  rights and against laws to increase access to contraceptive care.   People across the country have been absolutely clear that they do not  want to see our courts lurch to the far right. They know this is a  threat. It is a threat to women. It is a threat to our workers and our  families and our environment and so much more.   So Democrats are here. We are going to keep standing up and fighting  back every time President Trump and Senate Republican leaders try to  move us in that direction, and I hope some Republicans will do the  right thing and stand with us.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   