 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in opposition to H.R.  9, the Climate Action Now Act.   I represent West Virginia, an energy State. Our natural resources  power the Nation, and our coal produces the steel that is the backbone  of our country's infrastructure. The bill my colleagues across the  aisle have introduced today is a direct threat to the economy of my  State and to the security of our Nation.   When President Obama entered into the Paris Agreement in 2016, he  made a shortsighted, hasty decision which passed egregious costs on to  American consumers and sent $1 billion in taxpayer funds to subsidize  other nations' energy agendas without congressional authorization-- while never offering a clear plan for our country to meet the  commitments made, aside from the overall goal of killing energy  production in the U.S.   This is an attempt to further the war on coal which decimated my  State, killing jobs, destroying businesses, and exacerbating the opioid  epidemic. We face a bleakness which we are starting to recover from,  yet, now, Washington liberals are restarting the charge.   We have seen unrealistic proposals like the Green New Deal put  forward which would not only bankrupt our country, but also kill our  energy industry once and for all. I will not stand here and let that  happen.   When President Trump withdrew from the agreement in 2017, he showed  leadership. He showed the world that he was willing to resist  diplomatic pressure in order to protect American interests and ensure  energy competitiveness.   Those who support this legislation aren't telling the whole story on  America's energy production. The Paris Agreement, since its creation,  has not accounted for the United States' abundance of natural resources  and the hundreds of thousands of Americans employed by the energy  industry.   Additionally, the Paris Agreement ignores that America produces  affordable, reliable energy, including coal, oil, and natural gas, and  it also ignores the importance that energy has to the United States'  economy and national security.   In the past 5 years, there has been a 110 percent increase in coal  exports, and we still have 259 billion tons of coal reserves, the  largest in the world.   Since 2008, the U.S. has increased crude oil production by 48 percent  and natural gas production by 53 percent; and looking forward, the  increased access to undeveloped energy production could create as many  as 690,000 jobs by 2030.  [[Page H3333]]    Energy has been our past, and energy is our future. It is important  the United States is already leading the world in reducing greenhouse  emissions through innovation and technological development. If my  colleagues across the aisle were interested in working with Republicans  to address climate change, then they would not ignore the fact that the  United States has already had the largest absolute decline of carbon  emissions among all the countries since the year 2000.   We did not need an international agreement to do it. Forcing America  to reenter the Paris Agreement is not the answer for climate concerns.  It is restarting a tried-and-failed approach which only leads to less  jobs, a weaker economy, and a less safe America.   The answer to the climate debate is not a $93 trillion socialist  restructuring of our country. It is innovation, and it is supporting  new technology like taking rare-earth minerals and distilled water from  previously used coal ash. It is supporting carbon capture moving  forward. It is recognizing that, in the dead of winter when the  renewable energy grids fall short, we can rely on coal to get us  through the next polar vortex.   America cannot afford to reenter the Paris Agreement. We cannot  afford to lose jobs. We cannot afford to lose security. We cannot  afford the security risks. We cannot afford to weaken our economy. And  we cannot afford to say ``no'' to innovation.    