 Mr. President, I am here to once again shine a spotlight  on Senate Republicans' unwavering support for President Trump's efforts  to remake the Federal judiciary and to make clear how this is going to  hurt families, women, and communities in Washington State and across  our Nation.   I have come here before to call out Senate Republicans for  rubberstamping this President's judicial nominees--many of whom have no  business sitting on the Federal bench--and for gutting precedent and  norms to allow this President to jam-pack our courts with his hard- right, ideological picks from Neil Gorsuch to Brett Kavanaugh and down  the line.   In fact, earlier this week, the majority leader pointed out how  Senate Republicans have cleared the way on the floor for the Senate to  take up even more Trump judges by poisoning the appropriations process  and generally turning the Senate into a legislative graveyard. Led by  the majority leader, Senate Republicans have ignored the standards we  have held for decades when considering judicial nominees and opened the  door to people who lack even the most basic qualifications to sit on  the Federal bench.   For starters, today the Senate is slated to take up the nomination of  Lee Rudofsky for Arkansas' Eastern District. Mr. Rudofsky has a long  history in Arkansas of working to deny women access to reproductive  healthcare. He defended Arkansas' law that would ban abortion at 12  weeks as an ``ideal vehicle'' for the Supreme Court to ``reevaluate''  and ``overturn'' Roe v. Wade. On top of that, Mr. Rudofsky has also  previously argued in favor of efforts to cut off Medicaid funding to  Planned Parenthood. He defended a State law that could have resulted in  the closure of every reproductive healthcare clinic that provides  abortions in the State, and he has worked against hard-fought progress  for equality for LGBTQIA people.   Does that sound like a judge who is going to protect the rights of  women and others and who will put aside his own partisan notions to  ensure equal protection under our laws for everyone? It does not.   Take Sarah Pitlyk, whom President Trump has nominated to a district  court in Missouri. Missouri is reeling from this administration's  repeated attacks on women's healthcare and reproductive health where  there is currently only one clinic in the entire State that can perform  abortions. Ms. Pitlyk has worked throughout her career to limit access  to a wide array of reproductive healthcare services, not just  abortions. She has expressed opposition to surrogacy, in vitro  fertilization, and even the use of contraception. To be more explicit,  she called birth control ``evil'' and a ``grave moral wrong''--birth  control. It is the 21st century, and no matter what the extreme anti- abortion men in the White House want us to believe, birth control is  healthcare, full stop. We cannot have judges on the bench who are so  ideologically driven as to think women are morally wrong for using it.   Even beyond her rigid ideology, Ms. Pitlyk is also woefully unfit on  the merits to become a Federal judge. In fact, the American Bar  Association unanimously determined that Ms. Pitlyk is ``not  qualified,'' writing that Ms. Pitlyk ``has never tried a case as a lead  or co-counsel'' and ``has never examined a witness.''   Does that sound like someone who will uphold the rule of law justly  and apply the laws of our land fairly--someone rated as ``objectively  unqualified'' and who has demonstrated no commitment to protecting  individuals' fundamental rights? Again, unfortunately, the answer is  no.   Then there is Steven Menashi, whom President Trump has nominated to  the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. We know Mr. Menashi has a deeply  disturbing history of disparaging comments against women, against  communities of color, against immigrants, and the LGBTQIA community. As  if his extreme views aren't bad enough, we know that in his role in the  Office of the General Counsel at the Department of Education, Mr.  Menashi also worked on Secretary DeVos's cruel rollback of title IX  protections for survivors of sexual assault and protections for  students regardless of sex. Under his tenure, Secretary DeVos has moved  us toward a dangerous system of unaccountability and secrecy where  LGBTQIA students could be subject to cruel discrimination at school.   Additionally, I am incredibly concerned about Mr. Menashi's confirmed  role in being one of the architects of Secretary DeVos's efforts to  violate the law by undermining protections for student borrowers who  were cheated by predatory for-profit colleges--students whose rights  are, at this moment, being undercut by people in our Federal  Government, such as Mr. Menashi, who should be doing just the opposite.   People deserve to trust that the women and men who serve as our  Federal judges will ensure equal protection for all and apply the law  fairly and without bias.   I ask again: Considering Mr. Menashi's troubling record of  undermining critical rights and questions surrounding his involvement  in Secretary DeVos's shameful efforts to ignore the law, does he sound  like someone who deserves a lifetime appointment to our Federal bench,  someone who will uphold our rule of law?   Confirming judges to our Federal courts is one of our most important  duties as Senators. It is one that I take very seriously. I am deeply  disturbed by the harm these individuals, if confirmed, may inflict upon  women, on families, and some of the most vulnerable members of our  communities.   Let me be clear about these nominations. Nothing less is at stake  than the integrity of our judicial system and the future of our  democracy. We have to maintain the high bar we set for Federal judges,  and these judges I have mentioned are just three examples of how far we  have fallen.   It is not too late. I know my Republican colleagues know what a farce  this process has become and how supremely unqualified these nominees  are. I know they are aware of the irreparable harm people like these  will have on the credibility of our judicial system. That is why we  have to stop this parade of unqualified, ideologically rigid nominees  to our Federal judiciary. When it comes to our courts, nothing is more  important than ensuring we are sustaining a system that people can  trust--one that upholds our laws, one that seeks justice without bias  or favor or agenda.   I urge my colleagues to join me in rejecting Mr. Rudofsky's  nomination, as well as the nominations of Ms. Pitlyk and Mr. Menashi  and any nominee offered by President Trump who does not meet our high  standards, and in returning to a thoughtful, rigorous, bipartisan  process of selecting only the most qualified judges to a lifetime  appointment on our Federal courts.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, in reserving the right to object,  earlier this year, the House passed the SECURE Act--a bipartisan  package--in a nearly unanimous vote of 417 to 3. This bill has  overwhelming bipartisan support, and it takes many good steps toward  improving retirement security for families across our country. It would  help Gold Star families, small businesses, long-term and part-time  workers, and more.   With families in our country, nationwide, in the middle of a  retirement crisis, we should take the opportunity we have right here in  front of us today to offer them some relief as soon as possible.   This bill, the SECURE Act, has wide bipartisan support here in the  Senate,  [[Page S6463]]  and Democrats are ready to pass it today as is. But now we have a few  Republican Senators who want to sidetrack it with last-minute  amendments, including proposals that are not in the interest of working  families and will kill any chance this bill has of becoming law. For  example, one of the amendments strips out an important provision the  House made sure to include, while another one tries to jam back in a  proposal that the House took out before it passed it so it could pass  by an overwhelming margin.   Well, let me be clear. Democrats don't think families relying on this  relief should have to wait while Republicans try to chip away at it. We  want to pass this bill today as it is, which is why I would like to ask  the Senator from Pennsylvania to modify his unanimous consent request;  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 1994,  which is at the desk, the SECURE Act, the bipartisan House bill; and  that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion  to reconsider be made and laid upon the table with no intervening  action or debate.    Madam President, it is very disappointing on this side  that there is an objection to this bill that addresses so many  important issues. It has broad bipartisan support. Instead of working  to pass this bill in front of us today, some Senators have focused on  tacking on amendments that don't help families and do not make this a  better bill; therefore, I object.   