 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I would first like to thank Representative Rosa DeLauro  for her hard work on H.R. 7, the Paycheck Fairness Act. This  longstanding legislation which would ensure equal pay for equal work  has been introduced in every single Congress since 1997.   As the chair of the Bipartisan Women's Caucus, I am proud to support  H.R. 7, meaningful legislation that would at a minimum ensure that  workers are protected against gender-based pay discrimination, prevent  retaliation against those who voluntarily discuss wages, eliminate  loopholes which would allow institutional discrimination in pay;  equalize remedies for gender-based discrimination; and prohibit salary  history from dictating future pay.   Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple. While we debate the gender pay gap  in the professional workplace, it is imperative that we understand how  and when the pay gap begins. For women, the gender-based wage gap  typically emerges in the teenage years and only increases with time. My  amendment will require the Secretary of Labor and the Commissioner of  Labor Statistics to submit a report to Congress that studies the  teenage pay gap and provide recommendations to address it.   A 2018 study cited in The Washington Post reported that the gender- based wage gap emerges well before adulthood, leading to long-term  effects on lifetime earnings and economic mobility. The economic  impacts of the gender-based wage gap are even greater for women of  color.   Teenagers are a substantial but often understudied part of our  workforce. Many teenagers, not out of just wanting something to do, but  out of necessity or because of their financial situation, work part- time while in school and sometimes enter the workforce, unfortunately,  as early as 12 years old. To truly address the wage gap, we need to  have a better way to identify the root of these gaps.   This report would provide the statistics necessary to uncover why  this pay gap exists and the best ways to remedy the inconsistency. If  women are raised in a culture where they believe they are not equal to  men, the disparity that exists will never be broken. We must work to  end that mindset now.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would really feel challenged to think  that my colleague is unaware that there are young girls who are  teenagers who work in restaurants and in other capacities, not because  their parents want them to have activities but because they are  literally trying to survive and feed themselves and sometimes their  brothers and sisters, and to say that it is not necessary for us to  have data and not just stand at a mike as an elected official and make  assumptions based on your own privilege of life.  [[Page H2871]]    I think it is imperative that we look at the data, and here I am  saying that--before I can say and validate the status of teenage  girls--I would want statistics and reports so that we can truly address  the inequality that girls often get, and the mindset that a little boy  who is out working, he needs the pay and often is given a larger amount  of money versus a girl--and every girl is not a babysitter, but if we  want to call this the babysitter amendment, I will accept it.   As we work to address the pay gap, it is important that we do not  forget our new generation of leaders, and it is about breaking a cycle,  about having a young girl who is working, and she understands that I  have value and that I too should be paid an equal pay.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   