 Madam President, I want to thank the Senator from  Virginia for bringing forward this CRA that we will be voting on that  will allow us to affirmatively from the Senate say: We want to protect  people with preexisting conditions and people from these junk plans  that really take away the protections that are so important and that  every family counts on. So I really appreciate that from the Senator.   When it comes to healthcare, families across our country have  repeatedly seen President Trump and Republicans say one thing and do  the exact opposite. Despite proclaiming themselves somewhere along the  line as the ``party of healthcare,'' despite making empty promises to  fight for families and people with preexisting conditions, the  cornerstone of Republicans' healthcare policy has been to attack the  care families really rely on with their massively harmful TrumpCare  proposals--the junk plans that you just heard about--and waivers that  chip away at patient protections, and, of course, that partisan lawsuit  which the court could rule on any day.   Let's make it clear. If Republicans get their way in court, they are  going to throw the lives of patients across the country into chaos and  uncertainty by striking down those protections for preexisting  conditions by stripping away health insurance from tens of millions of  people covered through Medicaid expansion or the exchanges.   It will get rid of the lifetime and annual caps that are on patients'  out-of-pocket costs, while bringing back caps on their benefits, even  for those who are insured through their own employers--so this applies  to everyone--and ending essential health benefits that require insurers  to cover things like prescription drugs or maternity care, mental  healthcare, emergency care, and a lot more.   While Republicans have been advancing their attacks on families'  healthcare, they have also been blocking commonsense solutions that  Democrats are out here pushing for--like legislation to bring down drug  prices through impactful steps like Medicare negotiation or making  coverage more affordable for our working families and protecting  patients with preexisting conditions from the Republicans' reckless  lawsuit.   Now, Democrats in the House have also passed legislation to restore  funding that President Trump cut, to help people find the right care  for themselves, to reverse President Trump's harmful junk insurance  rule, and to actually defend patients from that partisan lawsuit that  Republicans are pushing to upend healthcare as we know it.   Now, what have Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans done with  those solutions that have come over here from the House? Well, they  have buried each and every one of them in a legislative graveyard,  while brazenly and inaccurately claiming they care about fighting for  patients or protecting preexisting conditions.   I am here to say today that Republicans' transparent healthcare  charade is coming to an end. Soon, as you heard, Democrats will force a  vote on legislation that Senator McConnell cannot bury in their  legislative graveyard, meaning every Senator here is going to have to  go on the record as to where they really stand on healthcare--whether  they stand with families or with President Trump and his schemes that  take power away from patients and give it back to the insurance  companies.   Our legislation will reverse a step that President Trump took to warp  a tool meant to encourage innovation into one that encourages States to  eliminate protections for patients with preexisting conditions,  increases costs, and promotes those harmful junk insurance plans that  can charge vulnerable patients more and cover less.   President Trump's junk plans can flout protections for preexisting  conditions, meaning that they can discriminate against patients-- patients like Lily. She is a high school student from Gig Harbor, WA,  and has cystic fibrosis; or Julie, who is a four-time cancer survivor  from Mercer Island; or Javi, who is a college student in Seattle with  mental health needs; and millions of other patients across the country  with preexisting conditions.   Letting President Trump expand the use of these junk plans will leave  patients with higher premiums, higher out-of-pocket costs, and fewer  affordable options to get the healthcare that they need, and President  Trump's rule could even be used to cut financial help for patients who  need it the most and take benefits away from the sickest patients, even  if they don't buy that junk insurance.   This is absolutely unacceptable and exactly why the vote Democrats  are going to be forcing is so important. These patients across the  country and in my State deserve to know that we have their backs, that  we are fighting against President Trump's efforts to undermine their  healthcare, not cheering him on and blocking efforts to stop them.   Democrats are going to be out here a lot to talk about this because  we know families in the country care about this a lot. We are going to  be putting pressure on Republicans to do the right thing--the thing  patients and families sent them here to do. If they don't, if they  continue their relentless attacks on family healthcare, if Republicans  continue to side with President Trump and his efforts to take  protections away from patients and give that power back to the  insurance companies, we are not going to give up. Democrats are not  going to let up. We will double down. We are going to make sure that  families know which party is offering solutions to protect their care  and which one is blocking them, which party is trying to repair the  damage President Trump has caused and which party is trying to cause  even more harm, which party is fighting for their healthcare and which  one is fighting against it. We are going to be out here day after day  to keep pushing Republicans to do the right thing, to stand up for  patients and families even if it means standing against President  Trump.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   