 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I was actually on the Arizona task force to look into  Arizona's backlog on these rape kits, and so it is something that I am  very passionate about doing. I am pleased that after months of inaction  and after the authorization for the program had already expired, my  colleagues in the majority have finally brought a Debbie Smith  reauthorization bill to the House floor.   Unfortunately, I think it is the wrong one.   Senator Cornyn's bill, S. 820, passed the Senate in May by unanimous  consent. It has been sitting here in the House waiting to be acted upon  for more than 5 months. But my colleagues have been too busy chasing  impeachment conspiracies to notice or care. I offered an amendment  right here at this desk previously on the floor to move forward the  Debbie Smith Act, but the Democrats voted it down at that time. The  program expired at the end of September without so much as a glance  from my fellow Democratic colleagues. Finally, House Republicans had to  file a discharge petition to force consideration of this important  legislation.   Let me repeat that, Madam Speaker. Democrats were too busy on their  crusade against the duly-elected President to engage in their efforts  to nullify the will and vote of the American people to take up and pass  a bipartisan bill to help rape survivors and victims and law  enforcement.  [[Page H8405]]    Even today, all we are doing is ensuring there will be more delay in  the reauthorization of this vital program. That is because rather than  pass the bipartisan bill the Senate passed 5 months ago, the majority  is bringing an alternative bill to the floor.   In the ultimate act of hubris and partisanship, the majority is  insisting that this body pass a bill with an H.R. number instead of the  Senate bill that has sat idle here for 5 months.   What would happen if we passed the Senate bill? It would go  immediately 16 blocks down Pennsylvania Avenue and be signed by the  President today. Instead, unfortunately, the majority is engaging, I  believe, in a game of political brinksmanship and holding their  authorization of these precious grant dollars hostage, grant dollars  that provide closure and solace to countless survivors of rape and the  family members of victims of rape.   The majority's actions are putting an unnecessary delay in getting  this program reauthorized. And for what reason? I can't think of a  single good reason. Perhaps someone on the other side of the aisle can  provide one. Is that what they want? They want the credit for the bill,  a House bill instead of a Senate bill?   As Debbie Smith herself was recently quoted, ``Don't punish the  victims.'' Not acting on the Senate bill is doing just that.   Madam Speaker, I will support this bill today. I believe these  programs and the survivors they serve are too critical to be the  subject of partisan games. I am disappointed, however, that my  colleagues do not feel the same way, otherwise they would put forward  the Senate bill. I expect and hope we will be back on this floor in the  very near future to pass a bill to actually authorize this vital  program.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, the chairman said he wanted to remind me  and others that the Debbie Smith Act was included in the VAWA Act that  was passed out of the House. You didn't have to remind me.  Unfortunately, as he knows and others know, the VAWA Act was loaded  with liberal poison pills knowing that Republicans wouldn't vote for  it, and it was a political act.   And so, to me, it was a political act to also include it in the VAWA  bill, knowing the VAWA bill was so controversial and it wouldn't be  heard in the Senate. So, in fact, never in the history of the Violence  Against Women Act has the Debbie Smith Act been included in that bill.  And, in fact, I have been told that Debbie Smith herself did not want  it included in the Violence Against Women Act, because she knew it was  controversial.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Cline).    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Mrs. Wagner), my friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong), my friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from North Dakota an  additional 30 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I don't think that anybody said that we have to do  exactly what the Senate asks all the time, but it does make sense that,  if a Senate bill has been sitting here for 5 months and it extends it,  what we are doing in the House bill, plus it has accountability  measures, that it would get done sooner and it would get signed into  law sooner, and then the States and the local law enforcement would  have the money sooner to get rid of the backlog of the rape kits. That  is all we are saying.   So I don't understand the reason we are just not doing that bill,  except maybe that they want an H.R. name, some House Member's name on  it instead of a Senate Member's name on it. That is all I can think of.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Chabot), my friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, Madam Speaker, I will support this bill, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same. While this is not the most expeditious  manner to get this vital program reauthorized, it is the one that our  Democratic majority has put before us.   I am not in the habit of holding rape victims and survivors hostage  to play political games, and it really deeply saddens me that it  appears that our majority may be doing this.   We had the opportunity to pass the Senate bill, and it has been  sitting here for 5 months. We had the opportunity to show rape victims  and survivors that we care about their plight. We had the opportunity  to send the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act of 2019 to the President's  desk today. Instead, our majority has decided to squander these  opportunities.   It was bad enough that the Democratic majority allowed this  authorization to elapse last month. It is even worse that we are  placing this reauthorization into the realm of uncertainty.   There is no timetable or guarantee that the Senate will act on this  bill. The one thing we know is that if we were voting on the Senate  bill, it would pass today. It could have been signed by the President  immediately. Unfortunately, we are now only marginally better off than  we were this morning with regards to this reauthorization.   In the rush to impeach our President, our majority appears to have  forgotten what we were sent here to do. Despite the petty motives  sometimes of our majority, I will vote for the bill before us today and  show support for the victims and survivors of rape. I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R.  4617, which would strike from the bill a section that gives the U.S.  Attorney General unprecedented power to involve him or herself in State  and local elections. This should be a concern for all Americans as it  says Washington knows best when it comes to our local elections.   Not only does this section represent a massive Federal overreach, it  is also vague.   For example, the section requires the Attorney General to determine  whether State and local election officials have taken ``adequate  steps'' to communicate information to address misinformation.   What are adequate steps? It doesn't say.   What is misinformation? This bill turns the United States Attorney  General into a fact-checker.   This section also requires the Attorney General to communicate to the  public ``by any means'' to address misinformation.   Taken together, this language would grant the United States Attorney  General power without guardrails and we, as Congress, should find this  concerning.   In addition to the troublesome substance of this section, it also  arrived on the floor through a deficient process.   As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I have an interest in  ensuring legislation under my committee's jurisdiction is considered in  the Judiciary Committee. This did not happen here.   Despite the request from Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Collins,  this section of the legislation was not afforded the opportunity of a  markup by the Judiciary Committee, despite it having jurisdiction. In  fact, this is at least the fourth piece of legislation this year that  Ranking Member Collins requested to markup but was denied an  opportunity by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee.   Because this section is a Federal intrusion into State and local  elections and came to the floor through a deficient process, I urge my  colleagues to support my amendment to strike this section, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis), my good friend.    Madam Chair, I agree that it is wrong if somebody pulls  out false information about an election, like the date or time, but I  certainly don't agree that the United States Attorney General should  get involved in local elections.   On this bill and other bills, I think there is a fundamental  difference between the way some of my Democratic colleagues believe and  what fellow Republicans and I believe. They believe the U.S. Government  should know everything and should do everything. I think local control  is better, that they know better what is going on.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   