 Madam President, I rise today to support the Air  Force's plan to expand the 386 operational squadrons.   Since the earliest days of flight, the United States has been an  aviation leader. From the time of the U.S. Army Air Corps through  today's modern U.S. Air Force, our Nation has always been at the  forefront of air combat.   From air-to-air combat to aerial refueling, to the intelligence,  surveillance, and reconnaissance conducted by the planes of Nebraska's  own 55th Wing, the U.S. Air Force is renowned as the dominant force in  the sky.   Recent developments have put that advantage at risk. Around the  world, nations are rapidly modernizing their capabilities by investing  millions in their air forces and air defenses, threatening our ability  to claim and maintain air superiority.   Rapid advances in anti-access/area-denial technology and a  coordinated, calibrated effort by nations like China and Russia pose a  significant threat to our ability to operate in contested airspace.   For decades, we have been accustomed to flying unconstrained,  fighting adversaries on the ground that lack modern technology and the  ability to seriously threaten our freedom to conduct aerial missions.   The face of 21st century warfare is changing. Competitors are rapidly  closing the gap, and while our Air Force remains the most professional  and effective air combat force in the world, these nations are pouring  hundreds of millions of dollars into matching and exceeding our  capability.   We have a choice. If we fail to react, we risk falling behind and  losing the air dominance that has been essential to U.S. national  security for decades. We cannot sit back and accept that possibility.   We must meet this challenge head-on. The United States must adapt,  invest, and show the world that we will never cede control of the skies  to our enemies.   Recently, the Air Force conducted a rigorous analysis of future air  combat  [[Page S1312]]  scenarios that we could face in the coming decades. Utilizing over  2,000 simulations based on the latest intelligence to assess force  performance against strategic competitors, the Air Force produced a  model of the requirements necessary to fulfill the goals of the  national defense strategy.   This analysis found that we will need an array of advanced  capabilities to counter ongoing and robust military modernization by  our competitors. The assessment determined that we must focus our own  modernization around several key areas to ensure our continued ability  to defend the homeland and to defeat strategic threats.   Perhaps most critically, this analysis, which the Air Force calls  ``the Air Force We Need,'' has determined that to be effective in  achieving these goals, we must grow the Air Force to 386 operational  squadrons.   Given the growing threats we face, the Air Force will play a key role  in any future conflict. That is why I believe it is imperative that we  act on this analysis and align the necessary resources to bridge the  gap between the Air Force we have and the Air Force we need and reach  that goal of 386 squadrons.   The need to grow the Air Force is not some arbitrary desire for more  planes. The reality is that, even today, our Air Force is too small,  and it is stretched too thin to properly execute all of its missions.   Right now, the Air Force has 39 percent fewer aircraft and 58 percent  fewer combat-coded fighter squadrons than it did during Operation  Desert Storm, and it is struggling to maintain a rapidly aging fleet.  All the while, Russia and China continue to invest hundreds of millions  of dollars into new technology and equipment that is designed to seize  control of the sky.   That is why it is imperative that we act to provide the resources  necessary to grow to 386 operational squadrons. We simply cannot face  these challenges with one of the smallest Air Forces we have ever had.  That is a recipe for disaster. It is a recipe for defeat.   Instead, we must rebuild the fleet. We must increase flying hours,  improve training, add pilots and maintainers, and retain the best  airmen we have. We have to act now, without delay.   While the ``Air Force We Need'' adds significantly to the physical  capability of our Air Force, it is about more than simply adding  equipment to the flight line. This plan will also modernize the way we  fight. With an increased focus on ``jointness'' and integration with  advanced technology like unmanned systems and artificial intelligence,  we can continue adapting to stay ahead of our enemies, all of whom have  spent years watching and learning from us in the field.   As a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I commend  the Air Force for putting forward a bold vision for the future. I  believe if we truly are to execute the goals of the national defense  strategy, this is the kind of analysis and planning that has to happen,  and it must be followed by action from Congress.   That is why I urge my colleagues in the Senate to join me in  supporting a robust defense budget and investing in the enhanced  capability the Air Force needs to continue its mission of protecting  the American people.   At this critical juncture in the Nation's history and amid a  fundamental shift in the type of threats we face, now is not the time  to let partisanship get in the way of what must be done to continue  supporting our airmen and maintainers. Let's work together so that we  can build the Air Force that we need so that, above all else, the world  knows that the U.S. Air Force will never allow any adversary to dictate  how, when, and where we fly.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   