 Mr. President, I rise to discuss challenges that  influence nearly every component of our day-to-day lives and the  opportunity to address these challenges in the 116th Congress.   No matter who you are, where you live, or your level of income, every  one of us is affected by our Nation's transportation system. I believe,  as most Nebraskans do, that a core responsibility of the Federal  Government is to provide sufficient and sustainable transportation and  infrastructure to all of our citizens. Our transportation system is  critical to our national security, to our economy, and to our public  safety. Here in the Senate, I have worked hard to remove the  unnecessary obstacles to the safe and efficient flow of goods and  people throughout our country and around the world, and I plan to  continue that work as we begin this Congress.   This is a priority that is of particular importance to my State of  Nebraska. Agriculture is the economic engine of our State's economy.  According to the U.S. Trade Representative's office, Nebraska is the  fifth largest agricultural exporting State. To continue moving our  products from the heartland to the coasts and beyond, we need an  efficient, an effective, and a safe transportation system. Few  understand this better than Nebraskans. We rely on the connection of  our roads and highways, railroads, ports, and ocean carriers to bring  goods and services to the world market. We use trucks to haul livestock  across the country. Our railroads and waterways move vast quantities of  grain across the prairie and to the coasts, and our ports and ocean  vessels move these commodities around the world.   For Nebraska to continue benefiting from domestic and international  trade, it is vital that we build and maintain our infrastructure,  reduce unnecessary regulatory burdens, and promote safety across the  surface transportation network. We must also recognize that connections  across all of these modes--truck, rail, waterway, ocean, and air--must  function smoothly for the system to work.   In the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, I am  proud to, once again, chair the Subcommittee on Surface Transportation  and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, which oversees  the important surface transportation issues. This will be my fifth year  as chairman, and I am looking forward to continuing the effective  accomplishments that my colleagues and I have made.   Specifically, in 2015, we worked across party lines to pass the  Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act, more commonly known as the  FAST Act. This was the first long-term highway bill that had been  passed by Congress in over a decade, and it included several positive  reforms to our surface transportation system. It recognized the  importance of freight movement as part of the broader infrastructure  debate by including a new freight formula program and a freight  specific grant program. It gave key State and local officials the  flexibility they needed to develop strategic investments in their  communities.   Together, we have improved the flow of commercial traffic and  increased the safety of America's roads, but there is still much work  to be done. With the 116th Congress underway, we have much to do on  transportation policy.   Of note is the quickly approaching expiration of the FAST Act  reauthorization in September of 2020. The transportation and safety  subcommittee, which oversees the Department of Transportation and a  number of modal administrations, will be hard at work on our part of  that FAST Act reauthorization. Administrations under the jurisdiction  of the subcommittee include the Federal Motor Carrier Safety  Administration, the Federal Railroad Administration, and the National  Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Each of these modal  administrations will be closely examined by the subcommittee.   We will be holding hearings on Federal trucking policy and will be  providing oversight for the FMCSA. The trucking industry is critical to  our economy because it moves the most freight by volume and value  across this country. As such, we will be examining a number of trucking  issues, including hours of service requirements, the Compliance,  Safety, Accountability Program, and the very wide scope of trucking  regulations. Moving forward, we will work together to find safe,  practical solutions to these issues.   Additionally, we must carefully consider policies to support our port  facilities and the connections they make between truck and rail  networks to ocean shipping. It may sound funny to my colleagues that a  Senator from a triple landlocked State like Nebraska is advocating the  support of our ports and ocean shipping industry. Yet, as I noted  earlier, Nebraska is the fifth largest agriculture exporting State in  the Nation, and whether it is beef or grain or equipment, we depend on  our ports to ensure our quality products reach around the world.   There are currently a wide variety of issues facing this key portion  of our transportation system. Ocean carriers are using even bigger  vessels, which has greatly increased the amount of freight moving  through the ports and is affecting the connections to other  transportation modes.   Port operations are becoming increasingly complex, and stakeholders  are examining ways to support freight movement by better utilizing  data, such as GE Portal at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach.   Ports are taking advantage of new types of infrastructure, like  inland  [[Page S786]]  ports, while also addressing new challenges such as a shortage of  chassis to move the containers.   State and local governments, industry, labor, and the Commissioners  at the Federal Maritime Commission are reviewing these and other  important issues to the maritime commerce system. We need to hear from  all of these stakeholders to better understand these challenges and  these opportunities before us.   Additionally, last year, the Federal Railroad Administration oversaw  one of the biggest changes to our railroad network in recent history-- the implementation of positive train control, or PTC.   There are 41 railroads that are required by Congress to install and  to use PTC on their systems. I was glad to see the statement from the  FRA that all 41 railroads met the deadline to submit documentation that  they are either utilizing PTC or that they have completed the  requirements to receive an extension, as required by the Positive Train  Control Enforcement and Implementation Act of 2015. This, however, was  the first of two major deadlines for PTC implementation.   Railroads that receive an extension must complete their PTC systems  no later than December 31, 2020. Congress must continue its oversight  of PTC implementation, especially as railroads work to achieve that  interoperability across the network.   The Transportation and Safety Subcommittee will be looking at PTC but  also at regulations and railroad investments more broadly, both at the  Federal Railroad Administration and at the Surface Transportation  Board.   Late in the 115th Congress, the Senate confirmed Patrick Fuchs and  Martin Oberman to be members of the STB, and I look forward to working  with the Board and its new members on rail commerce issues.   The Transportation and Safety Subcommittee will also examine pipeline  safety issues as we prepare for a reauthorization of the Pipeline and  Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. For families, consumers,  workers, and businesses, the safety and security of our pipeline  network must remain a top priority. America's pipelines move vital  energy to homes and businesses in Nebraska and throughout our Nation.  Congress must continue its robust oversight of our pipeline network.   In 2016, we worked in a bipartisan manner to pass a bill I  introduced--what ultimately became known as the PIPES Act--to  reauthorize PHMSA through fiscal year 2019.   The Transportation and Safety Subcommittee will be working to  reauthorize PHMSA with an eye toward improving the efficiency and the  effectiveness of the Agency's pipeline oversight. We will continue  ensuring the Agency has what it needs to complete its pending  rulemakings.   As Congress begins its work on these surface transportation issues, I  look forward to working with the administration on policies that cut  redtape and improve the movement of people and freight across our  system.   During the last Congress, I was very pleased to twice host  Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to Nebraska, and I look forward to  continuing to work with the Secretary and the Modal Administrators. I  also look forward to working with Senator Duckworth, the new ranking  member of the Transportation and Safety Subcommittee, and with all of  my colleagues on the subcommittee so we can find bipartisan solutions  for our surface transportation system.   We have a very unique opportunity to work together to improve the  daily lives of all Americans. This is so much more than just drawing a  few lines on the map. It means making decisions that will help parents  get their children to school using safe and reliable roads. It means  ensuring our commercial truckdrivers, railroads, ports, ocean carriers,  and all those in between can ship products made in Nebraska to the rest  of the country and all over the world. It means connecting American  communities.   During my chairmanship, I will encourage strategic, targeted, and  long-term investments that improve safety and more efficiently  facilitate commerce. By working together, we can deliver solutions that  will allow American families, communities, and businesses to thrive for  generations to come.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   