 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend and  colleague from Georgia, Representative Buddy Carter, very much for  bringing us all together.   Many of us are members of the Energy and Commerce Committee. We are  on the forefront, and we are committed to making sure that lifesaving  drugs and treatments are more affordable. It is a top priority, and I  appreciate the gentleman's leadership as a pharmacist on the front  lines of so many of these lifesaving and life-changing treatments.   We hear it every day from seniors, people with disabilities, and  patients that they are anxious for results. The good news is that we  are leading. The Trump administration has led on this front to deliver.  The FDA is breaking records for the amount of generic drugs that are  being approved right now. That is the key to bringing down the costs of  prescription drugs.   I am also so proud of the bipartisan work that we did in the Energy  and Commerce Committee 3 years ago to get the 21st Century Cures  legislation signed into law. Thanks to 21st Century Cures, we are  continuing to lead. America has led for 70 to 80 years. Because of this  legislation, we will continue to lead.   However, that is all threatened with H.R. 3. It means fewer cures.   I think about my dad. He has diabetes. My mom struggles with heart  issues. My grandma had dementia, and my son was born with an extra 21st  chromosome, Down syndrome. Because research has given my son an  opportunity to live and to reach his full potential, his life  expectancy is today longer than ever.   Let's keep moving forward. H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More Cures Act,  helps us move forward. It includes bipartisan solutions that President  Trump can sign into law this year.   We should be building upon the work that we did with 21st Century  Cures. We want to see more generic drugs come to the market faster and  finally make insulin more affordable for our seniors, lower out-of- pocket spending, cap the doughnut hole, access new medicines and cures,  and require price transparency. Every single provision is bipartisan.   Unfortunately, the Speaker and the Democrats are moving forward in a  partisan exercise directing the Federal Government to set drug prices,  and it will stop innovation. America will fall behind as the global  leader, and we can see what impact that has all over the world:  hundreds and hundreds of fewer drugs entering the market.   I want to stand on the side of innovation and more breakthroughs  helping millions of people with the ravages of disease that they  encounter every day.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his tremendous leadership on  this issue.   