 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor to oppose the  nomination of Mr. Gordon Hartogensis to serve as Director of the  Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and, really, to express my  continued frustration with the Republicans' efforts to weaponize the  nomination process for partisan gain, including their unprecedented  refusal to move Democratic nominees for important Agencies, like the  Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the National Labor  Relations Board, in order to tilt them in favor of corporations, and  including their continued attacks on women's healthcare and  reproductive rights by stacking our courts with far-right judges.   The Director of the PBGC is responsible for protecting the retirement  security of almost 40 million people. We owe it to workers and retirees  to make absolutely sure a nominee for this position has the relevant  pension-related experience and knowledge to handle that challenge. One  needs to have the determination to fight for workers and retirees and  to have the willingness to work with Members on both sides of the  aisle.   When it comes to Mr. Hartogensis, I am simply not convinced that this  is the case. It is unclear to me why he was nominated to replace  Director Reeder, who is doing a commendable job, well before Director  Reeder's term was completed. What makes this even worse is that the  Senate HELP Committee didn't have a hearing at which members could  question Mr. Hartogensis.   I have asked the Trump administration why it decided to replace Mr.  Reeder. No response. My Democratic colleagues on the committee asked  the chairman for a hearing with Mr. Hartogensis. No hearing. We should  be giving Mr. Hartogensis' nomination serious scrutiny, including  having a hearing with the Senate HELP Committee, especially considering  the complex challenges that the PBGC Director must help the Agency  navigate amid our country's multiemployer pension crisis. Millions of  workers and retirees across the country are at risk of seeing the  pensions they were promised--that they earned and planned their  financial futures around--thrown into jeopardy through absolutely no  fault of their own.   I am hopeful we can focus on this issue more going forward, and I  look forward to taking bipartisan steps to address this crisis, but I  am disappointed that our committee, which  [[Page S2505]]  should be most focused on this critical issue, was not even able to  have a hearing with Mr. Hartogensis in order to dive into this crisis  more deeply. So, given my doubts about his credentials for this  position and my frustration with this nomination process, I will be  voting against this nomination.   Unfortunately, Mr. Hartogensis is just one example of a broader  effort by the Republicans to play political games with the nomination  process in ways that, ultimately, harm workers and families nationwide.   