 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding to me and for leading in this Special Order hour.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here tonight to remind my colleagues and the  world that our transgender community needs us.   Bigotry, hate, and violence against transgender people has reached a  level that requires a whole day devoted to simply remembering everyone  who has lost his or her life. This year alone, over 300 have been  murdered.   That is to say nothing of the transgender people who were bullied or  harassed to the point of taking their own lives just simply for  accepting every part of themselves.   There is no doubt in my mind that an administration that has endorsed  hate at every turn and outright exclusion of our transgender friends  and family is part of the problem. Our actions in this body need to be  part of the solution.   I am proud to be a part of the Equality Caucus Transgender Equality  Task Force, and I am determined to see us continue to take real steps  that will protect the rights and the freedoms of all people.   As a founding chair of the Congressional Caucus on Black Women and  Girls, I am committed to recognizing the value and need of our  transgender sisters.   As the chair of the CBC's Emergency Task Force on Black Youth Suicide  and Mental Health, I am actively working to ensure transgender youth  receive the support and the care and the love to overcome the hate of  our society.   This is a community in dire need, and I join my colleagues and so  many others in stepping up and speaking out.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the opportunity to speak.    I thank the gentleman for yielding to me, and I  thank the gentleman for taking on this Special Order hour and leading  it.    Organized labor has always been the foundation of good-paying jobs  that support a thriving middle class. That is why it is vital that we  support legislation like the PRO Act, finally empowering the National  Labor Relations Act to do the important work of protecting workers'  rights.   Since the day that law was enacted in 1935, big businesses and their  allies in the Republican Party have worked to weaken it. Their efforts  have brought us to a point where union membership has cratered, and not  coincidentally, inequality has grown.   The PRO Act implements penalties for employers who illegally fire  workers because they try to form a union or are simply pro-union in  their thinking. Today, we see employers out in the open on Twitter  flagrantly violating the NLRA and threatening their employees if they  even think about forming a union.   The PRO Act will allow workers to stand up and say to their boss:  Joining together with my co-workers is right, and you will not threaten  me with cuts to my hours, my pay, or my job.   This law will put an end to the practice of company bosses dragging  their feet in collective bargaining negotiations in order to break the  spirit of workers and avoid their legal responsibility to honor the  wishes of their workers.   The PRO Act also recognizes the changing face of workers and ensures  that those working multiple jobs do not lose their right to organize  when they change shifts.   The part of this bill that I find most energizing is its protection  of that most fundamental right of workers, the foundation of worker  power from which all labor power is derived, the right to strike, the  right to stand with your fellow worker and say: We will not accept  these conditions another minute. We will not work another day until our  demands are heard and our rights are respected.   The right to stand with your union sisters and brothers and withhold  your labor is finally recognized under this bill.   If workers can put their sweat into building the greatest country in  the world, how dare we say to them that they cannot join their fellow  workers to demand a fair share of what they built?   This bill is the most important labor rights bill in years, and  today, I am proud to be a member of the party of the working men and  women, the Democratic Party, as we pass this bill. I thank the  gentleman for the opportunity.   