 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today following our  colleague Senator Tillis to join him in talking about the importance of  NATO and expressing our deep appreciation for the North Atlantic Treaty  Organization.   Senator Tillis and I are the cochairs of the newly established Senate  NATO Observer Group, which builds on the effort that was started back  in the 1990s, by Tom Daschle and Trent Lott, to address the expansion  of NATO, following the fall of the Berlin Wall. Our task is not just to  shepherd through the Senate any changes in NATO that require Senate  approval, but it is also to remind all of us and to remind the American  public just how important NATO is.   Over the last seven decades, the NATO alliance has stood by its  members in the darkest hours, including in Afghanistan, after the  United States was attacked on September 11.   As Secretary General Stoltenberg reminded us yesterday, the only time  article 5, the mutual aid clause of the NATO charter, has been invoked  was after September 11, after the United States was attacked by  terrorists.   Our Transatlantic bond has been critical to the United States and  NATO, and, in particular, it has sustained a period of unprecedented  global security and stability. While people may not recognize it, every  day the United States sees the benefit of NATO. Whether we need to use  NATO bases to evacuate American troops from conflict or to ensure that  American goods and people travel safely across the Atlantic Ocean, NATO  plays a critical role.   As NATO marks its 70th anniversary--today, in fact--the fact is that  the alliance makes us stronger around the world and safer at home. So  it is no wonder that Americans are very supportive of this  organization. Any implication that Americans don't like or understand  NATO is just simply wrong.   This week the Pew Research Center unveiled research to show that  nearly 8 in 10 Americans, or 77 percent of Americans, including large  majorities in both the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, agree  that being a member of NATO is good for the United States.   We have also seen that the Chicago Council on Global Affairs has  recorded a steady increase in NATO favorability across generations of  Americans. Even the millennials, the generation born between 1981 and  1996, which are now the largest voting bloc in the United States, value  our alliances, and 72 percent back the United States' contribution to  NATO.   Boosted by these numbers, Congress has been more active than at any  time in my memory in expressing its support for NATO. In 2017 and 2018,  Congress took more votes in support of the United States' enduring  commitment to article 5 and NATO than at any time since the fall of the  Soviet Union. That is why Senators Tillis and I reestablished the  Senate NATO Observer Group last year. Since then, we have enjoyed a  diverse and active membership across the Republican and Democratic  Parties, as well as the enduring support of the Senate's leadership-- both Senator McConnell, the majority leader, and Senator Schumer, the  Democratic leader.   Further, Congress continues to put its word into action by allocating  significant levels of funding to help Europe deter threats that emanate  from NATO's eastern and southern borders, already having provided $6.5  billion in the last year alone for the European Deterrence Initiative.   I have no doubt that as the Senate prepares to provide its advice and  consent to NATO's 30th member, North Macedonia, Members of Congress  will, once again, rally to NATO's side and push forward on initiatives  to further strengthen NATO.   I should just call out the Republic of North Macedonia, as well as  the country of Greece, for reaching an agreement around the name change  for North Macedonia that both countries have agreed to and that the  Parliaments of both countries have supported.   So as China and Russia struggle to maintain allies and resort to  coercion and force to keep countries in their sphere, NATO has proven  to be an enduring American advantage in an uncertain world.   Our NATO allies continue to magnify the strength of our military, and  they stand ready to protect us and protect our shared interests and  values worldwide. For this reason, I thank our allies for what they  have done for the United States and for the people of Europe who are  part of our partner nations.   While we may have our differences, we will always remain stronger  with allies. As the Secretary General said yesterday, ``it is good to  have friends.''   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   