 Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague from  Iowa for organizing this discussion on the Green New Deal resolution.   The public doesn't usually pay a whole lot of attention to nonbinding  resolutions here in the Congress, but that is not the case with this  one. The sponsors of the Green New Deal in the House and the Senate  certainly deserve recognition for the profile they managed to create so  quickly. Of course, that is a double-edged sword because now people are  beginning to pay attention to what is actually in the Green New Deal.   Leader McConnell has proposed bringing the resolution to the floor,  which has created, in my view, sort of a baffling response. The planned  sponsors are claiming that a vote is ``cynical'' and meant to  ``disrupt'' their ``movement.'' You and I both know that every Member  of this body would clamor to have their bills brought up for floor  consideration. Most of us here live in the land of realistic and  practical solutions.   The Green New Deal is very vague, but it does include enough detail  to know that it proposes radical solutions that, in my view, are  neither practical nor realistic. It is a wish list dressed up as  environmental policy.   We knew it was going to be expensive. We knew the goal was to  eliminate coal and gas industries, along with a lot of other good- paying jobs that they support in energy States like mine. This isn't  the first salvo in the war on coal, for sure. We knew all the economic  harm they would be proposing, but this is a massive shift to the left  that goes far beyond anything the Democrats have proposed before. This  plan doesn't stop at eliminating the use of coal and natural gas for  electricity. The plan also ends nuclear electricity and severely  curtails the commercial air industry.   The environmental and energy components of this proposal are  estimated to cost $8.3 to $12.3 trillion over the next decade, which  averages out to about $52,000 to $71,000 for every American household.   We will be left with possibly an energy grid that lacks affordability  and reliability to make the American manufacturers competitive around  the globe and meet the basic needs of our families. Right now, coal,  natural gas, and nuclear energy account for 83 percent of all the  electricity produced in the United States. It is neither practical nor  realistic to believe that we could phase all of that capacity out  without some catastrophic consequences.   Unbelievably, this is just one piece of the Green New Deal. The  sticker shock continues with tens of trillions of dollars to fund  guaranteed jobs for people unwilling to work, eliminate private  healthcare for 170 Americans in favor of a government-run system,  replace or retrofit all housing stock for environmental compliance, and  guaranteeing it to every American and putting food on everyone's table.  Altogether, it could cost possibly $93 trillion over a 10-year period  of time. We could liquidate all the wealth in the entire country and  maybe just cover that tab, but we wouldn't have anything left.  [[Page S1687]]    The Green New Deal sponsors claim the government will be making  investments. They claim that the returns will pay for everything and  make a profit for the people. Is this realistic or practical?   I think not. And if it fails, then what do we do?   Some say the Green New Deal, even if it is a disaster of a policy  that would destroy our economy, at least has Congress finally talking  about climate change. This is what we heard from my colleague. We serve  on the EPW Committee together. It is a huge disservice, I think, to us.  We have been working in a bipartisan fashion to deliver real solutions  since before anyone had ever heard of the Green New Deal.   In the EPW Committee, Senators from coal States, such as Senator  Barrasso from Wyoming, who is here, and Senator Whitehouse from Rhode  Island, and Senator Carper, and myself have been working for market- driven solutions to the challenge of atmospheric CO2.   Members of both parties have worked and will continue to work on  these important policies to meaningfully address carbon challenges  while also protecting and creating jobs. We do not need a $93 trillion  turn that fundamentally alters the foundations of this country. We are  capable of making investments in technology and infrastructure to  address our Nation's challenges in a commonsense and bipartisan way.   The Green New Deal is not practical. It is not realistic, and it is a  bit scary that so many Democrats are embracing it. The American people  deserve to know where each of us stands on this policy. That is why we  are going to have a vote. I am glad that we will have the opportunity  to take a vote on this resolution in the coming months, and I hope that  all of my colleagues will join me in opposing this utterly unfathomable  and unworkable resolution.   I yield the floor.   