 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my deepest  gratitude and to recognize the career of David P. Blom, who is retiring  as president and CEO of OhioHealth after 36 years. David became  president of Grant Medical Center, located in downtown Columbus in my  district.   Dave set out to make healthcare more accessible to underserved and  diverse populations. Providing care to our most at-risk population was  a focus of his for 30 years, and it is one that he has never lost. Mr.  Speaker, I know that firsthand because I had the opportunity to witness  his work.   I am so honored that David is with us today in the gallery.   As president of the entire OhioHealth system for the past 17 years,  Dave has molded and elevated OhioHealth's commitment to all of the  communities it serves as the largest hospital system in central Ohio.   Let me tell Members what I have witnessed.   When we talked about our babies and infant mortality, I remember it  so well when Dave made that call and said we are going to keep our  babies healthy. Thus, he spearheaded Wellness on Wheels' Women's  Health, or as we like to call it in our home district, WOW, and what a  wow it has been.   There is not enough time for me to highlight all the things that this  incredible leader has done, but let me fast-forward to my time in  Congress. I can remember how and when Congressman   Steve Stivers and I  talked about the great work, and there was an opportunity when then- Speaker Boehner wanted to revise the whole system for our veterans.    Steve Stivers, a veteran, and Dave Blom, caring about our veterans,  thus, he was appointed to the Federal commission to reform the  Department of Veterans Affairs.   I can remember the exciting day when Dave Blom walked into my office,  and it was the same day that we were having the House Chamber's joint  session to hear the Japanese Prime Minister. I remember how excited he  was to hear that we were going to host the Japanese Prime Minister, how  great it was when he sat front and center in the gallery to hear that  message.   The list goes on and on, but today is simply a day to say the two  most powerful words that I can say about a great leader, about someone  who has changed the healthcare system not just for my district or  Columbus, but for the Nation, and those two words are ``thank you.''   Thank you for being a leader. Thank you for being a public servant.  But most of all, Dave P. Blom, thank you, thank you for being my  friend. I salute you.   