 Mr. President, as you know, this coming Monday, November  11, is Veterans Day. I have heard my colleagues pay tribute to veterans  in their own special way, and I wanted to be a part of that group today  to offer a mighty thank-you to our men and women who serve.   I stand before you to honor the brave men and women of the U.S. armed  services, past and present, who have stood up to protect us and our  freedoms that we hold so dear.   Veterans Day, to me, is a day to reflect on the sacrifices made by  all of those who served. It is a time to say thank you. It is a time to  pause and think about the veterans themselves and their families. It is  also a time for younger people, and I am talking elementary-aged  students, to really see the pride and the commitment our veterans over  time have had. Whether you are going to your hometown parade or going  to a cemetery ceremony or just talking about it within your own home,  throughout America's history, our military has been regarded as the  greatest in the world, and it sure is. Our military would not be what  it is without the men and women of our All-Volunteer Force.   I am a daughter of a World War II veteran. I grew up hearing  smidgeons of his stories off and on the battlefield, and I have always  been in awe of those who served. He was very proud of his service in  World War II. November 20, 1944, my father, SSG Arch A. Moore, Jr.,  from Moundsville, WV, was serving somewhere on the Belgium-German line  when he was shot in the face, and he was left for dead on the  battlefield for 2 days. He talked about it was in a beet field. I  remember him saying it was in a beet field. I didn't like beets, and  now I knew why I really didn't like beets. He also talked about how he  was equipped with some painkiller that he could put on his leg to sort  of ease the pain as he lay there hoping somebody would come and get  him. That was the end of his service on the battlefield. He was taken  and miraculously had a great recovery after probably a year of recovery  over in England.   For his actions on the battlefield, he received the Purple Heart,  Bronze Star, Combat Infantryman Badge, and the European Theater of  Operations Ribbon with three battle stars. Like my father, so many of  the veterans of World War II faced a harsh reality in this conflict.  This year marks the 75th anniversary of two of World War II's most  notable battles: D-Day and Battle of the Bulge. Battle of the Bulge is  going to be in December next month. Actually, my dad's platoon went on  to fight in the Battle of the Bulge, and only three of his platoon  survived.   D-Day is known as the turning point in the war because those brave  soldiers pushed their way through German forces to take back Normandy.  If anybody wants to see what a sacrifice our country made in World War  II, and more for young people to see, I would recommend going to the  cemetery in Normandy and seeing those white  [[Page S6425]]  markers of a very young American force. While there were  many casualties, the United States and our allies prevailed and managed  to change the direction of the war at the same time.    As I said, next month we will remember the 75th anniversary of the  Battle of the Bulge. Many Americans lost their lives fending off the  German offensive, but we were eventually victorious, which paved the  way to the end of the war 5 months later.   West Virginia is also home to one of the last remaining Medal of  Honor recipients from World War II, and that is our own Hershel  ``Woody'' Williams. He turned 96 last month. He travels the country  talking about veterans and love of country. I ran the Marine Marathon 2  weeks ago in honor of all marines, but I thought about Woody as a  marine. I say I ran my first marathon--probably my last--but I thought  about Woody as he valiantly fought in the battle of Iwo Jima and  rightfully earned the military's most prestigious medals for his  actions during the war. Anecdotally, I think he will be leading the  parade in New York City on Veterans Day.   With the growing age of this Nation's World War II veterans, I  encourage our youth to take the time to listen to the stories of  heroism from our ``greatest generation.'' Without their valiant actions  and dedication to preserving our freedoms, this country would not be  what it is today.   We also must honor all of our veterans from all our eras. Whether it  is World War II, Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, the selfless actions of  our U.S. soldiers must not go unrecognized. They put their lives on the  line to afford us the opportunity to live in the greatest country on  Earth. We can have our own religious freedom, freedom of speech,  freedom of the press, but all the freedoms we enjoy are because of the  folks who went before us who were dedicated and willing to serve.   On Capitol Hill, as we know, there are many divisive issues, but  ensuring that our veterans receive the support they have earned through  their dedicated service to our country is something we all agree on.  Like the gentleman here today, the Senator from North Dakota, I happen  to serve on the Appropriations Committee. I am on the Subcommittee on  Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. It has  been our priority to make sure veterans programs receive the funding  necessary to best assist our men and women who have served the country.   In recent years, Congress has made great strides in trying to improve  the VA system, which can always be improved even more, but the  legislation we put forward, the VA MISSION Act, I think, will help and  has helped. It improved the VA healthcare system by establishing a  permanent veterans community care program and expanding our VA  caregiving benefits to veterans from all eras. When they say it is 10  miles as the crow flies in mountainous States like West Virginia, if  you are driving in West Virginia, that is not going to take you 10  minutes. That could take you an hour, and that is not because of the  traffic. Providing community care to our veterans is important because  it allows them to receive the care they need without having to travel  these long and sometimes arduous routes.   Our work must not stop here. We must continue to work on legislation  that will benefit our veteran community. As a Senator, one of my  greatest privileges is to make sure our veterans receive the respect  and admiration they have earned throughout their service. This is  especially true given that West Virginia has one of the largest per  capita populations of veterans in this country. The pride West Virginia  veterans have is truly remarkable. After service, these men and women  are the bedrock of our communities and make significant contributions  to making them better.   Rightfully so, Virginians have a great amount of admiration for those  who have served, and it is reflected in our communities. We have a lot  of statues, a lot of parks, a lot of commemorative highways, a lot of  moments of silence in West Virginia to honor our veterans we have lost  and those who have gone before us.   I was marching in the Ripley Veterans Day parade last Veterans Day,  and I was overwhelmed by the support a small town would show its  veterans. Whether someone has served in combat or assisted with the  daily operations of the military, their dedication to defending this  country must not be unnoticed.   On Monday, I urge everyone to take a moment to thank a veteran. At  the same time, this shouldn't be limited to just Veterans Day. We  should thank our veterans each and every day. It is important that we  pay them the respect when the opportunity arises. I really feel good  when I am getting on a plane and the announcement is made that our  military in uniform are allowed to enter the plane. You know how those  crowds get up when it is time to get on the plane. Many times, the  crowd will part and, in admiration of our military, welcome that little  bit of a head start they get to board the plane. Without great  sacrifices and dedication to defending this flag, this country would  not be what it is.   I say God bless our veterans. God bless our country.   I yield the floor.   