 Mr. Chairman, I rise to support my colleague's  amendment to strike section 236 from this bill. This amendment will  preserve the right of women to be protected in a domestic violence  shelter designated just for them, free from the unexpected and  unsettling presence of a man identifying as a woman sharing the same  facility. Faith-based organizations and many community organizations  segregate programs based on gender, but under the Obama administration,  rules were changed allowing policies that forced domestic violence  survivors into unwanted and unsafe coed housing arrangements.   We can see how this is causing problems as already in Anchorage,  Alaska, Downtown Hope Center's mission was providing overnight shelter  for abused and battered women. However, the center is facing a lawsuit  for not allowing a man, who identifies as a woman, access to the  women's shelter.   The core to the Downtown Hope Center's mission of providing women  suffering from rape, physical abuse, and domestic violence as a safe  place to sleep at night without the presence of men, is at risk.   This nonsense must stop, and I urge my colleagues to support this  very commonsense amendment for the protection of women.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate Mr. Duncan offering this  amendment which would strike section 237 from the underlying  legislation because without this amendment, a February 2015 HUD notice,  which is no longer applicable under this administration and which  requires the placement of transgender persons in single-sex emergency  shelters, would become law.  [[Page H5057]]    Should this notice become Federal law, it would offer no protections  for women facing harassment in the shelters' showering or sleeping  areas. This bad policy is at the heart of the California emergency  shelter lawsuit. Nine women were sexually harassed by a male by birth,  a trans individual, while using the showering facilities. The women's  shelter confessed that they would rather allow the abuse to continue  than lose Federal grant funding. The shelter went as far as threatening  the nine women out of the shelter if they continued to refuse to shower  with their attacker. This is preposterous.   We should not codify this notice. Instead, HUD must review and  strengthen its resolution and notices governing shelters and housing so  that these examples do not become the new normal.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting Mr.  Duncan's amendment.   