 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I am on the floor to talk about a vote  that simply should not have taken place this evening. It was a vote on  yet another attack from our Republican colleagues on women's health and  their right to access safe, legal abortions--this time in the form of  an anti-doctor, anti-woman, anti-family piece of legislation that  medical experts strongly oppose. Republicans have spread a lot of  misinformation about this bill, so let's be clear what it is not about  and what it is actually about.   This bill is not about protecting infants, as Republicans have  claimed, because that is not up for debate, and it is already the law.  This bill is also not at all about ensuring that appropriate medical  care is delivered, because it would make it harder for healthcare  providers to provide high-quality medical care that their patients need  and deserve.   The leading nonpartisan organization of OB/GYNs in our country has  said this bill should never become law. It calls it ``gross legislative  interference into the practice of medicine'' and ``part of a larger  attempt to deny women access to safe, legal, evidence-based abortion  care.'' In fact, 17 top health and medical organizations wrote to  Congress to insist that Democrats and Republicans vote this bill down.   Since this bill is not about infants or appropriate medical care, I  am sure many people are wondering what exactly it is about. What would  this bill really mean for women and families and healthcare providers?   If you are a woman, this bill would mean, if you were one of the  very, very few women who needed an abortion late in your pregnancy, you  could be legally required to accept inappropriate, medically  unnecessary care--care that may directly conflict with your wishes at a  deeply personal, often incredibly painful moment in your life--because  politicians in Washington decided their beliefs mattered more than  yours.   If you are a medical provider, this bill would supersede your years  of medical training and your oath to deliver the best possible medical  treatment to your patients. It would apply a one-size-fits-all set of  requirements that does not reflect the reality that every pregnancy is  different, and it would subject you to criminal penalties if you were  to choose to let medical standards, not politics, drive the care you  offer to your patients.   For families who struggle with the painful reality that the children  they had hoped for could not survive, as is tragically the case in many  of the cases we are discussing, this legislation would take precedence  over families' wishes as they grieve.   This bill is government interference in women's healthcare, in  families' lives, and in medicine on steroids. As I said, it is anti- doctor, anti-woman, and anti-family. It has no place in becoming law.  Its proponents claim it would make something illegal that is already  illegal. So why are we debating this legislation that would take women  backward when there are so many ways we should be advancing medicine,  improving women's healthcare, and supporting families? As far as I can  tell, it is because this bill is about something that Republicans care  about more than almost any other priority; that, unfortunately, is the  rolling back of women's constitutionally protected rights and trying to  take us back in time before the Roe v. Wade decision.   Since day No. 1 of the Trump-Pence administration, this party has  pulled every possible stop to appeal to its extreme anti-abortion base.  Just last week, the Trump-Pence administration put forward a rule that  would prevent healthcare providers at clinics that are funded through  the title X family planning program from so much as informing patients  about where to get an abortion even if that patient directly asks them  for advice. This rule means trusted medical providers across the  country may not be able to serve women and men who rely on them for  contraception, cancer screenings, and more--all because Republicans are  determined to make abortion impossible in the United States. That is  just one of many examples.   To recap, this bill is completely unnecessary. It is harmful to women  and families, and it would criminalize doctors. It is intended to do  nothing except to help Republicans advance their goal of denying women  their constitutionally protected rights. I am against it in the  strongest terms. Everybody who cares about women, families, and doctors  and about upholding the Constitution should be too, so I am glad the  Senate voted tonight to stop this anti-doctor, anti-woman, anti-family  bill from going a single step further.   The next time Republicans want to have a conversation about  protecting infants and children, I am happy to talk about the babies  and children who have been separated from their parents at the border  or about improving access to early childhood education or about making  sure coverage for maternal healthcare and preexisting conditions is not  taken away. These are problems that do exist and that do need to be  solved, and we are just as ready and willing to work on those as we are  to stand up and say ``absolutely not'' to this harmful bill.   