 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today because our  Nation is at a crossroads that strikes at the heart of our democracy.  The increasingly outrageous actions of this President and his  administration have brought us to this moment where we, as a nation,  must make a decision about who we are, what we stand for, and what kind  of behavior we will allow at the highest levels of our government.   As we continue down this road paved by the President's reckless  actions and his complete disregard for our Nation's laws and democratic  norms, I want to take a moment to step back and talk about how we got  here and how much is truly at stake for our country and our democracy  if we don't get this right.   Let's start by considering what we know for sure. The President has  repeatedly sought foreign interference in our elections, which we  should all find appalling. We know that President Trump and his  associates pressed the Ukrainian Government to meddle in our democratic  process, pushing them to launch an investigation without basis into the  President's political opponents in an effort to help his election.   We know that he has made overtures to China--out in the open--to do  the same. This is important. We don't have to take anyone else's word  for it. We saw President Trump's call record with the Ukrainian  President, and we all heard the President and his associates admit to  the surreptitious actions from their own lips on camera.   These facts are indisputable and can't be spun. President Trump and  his circle of friends have been clear about their actions and their  intentions, and it is clear they are unacceptable, but even more  seriously, there are still many questions about the extent of President  Trump and his associates' actions and their potential impact on our  democracy, questions for which the American people undoubtedly deserve  answers.   That is why the House is right to begin impeachment proceedings to  determine if President Trump has committed high crimes and  misdemeanors, and why months ago I, too, called on the House to open an  inquiry to investigate the President's deeply distressing actions  because, for me and for so many other people across the country, this  is not about partisan politics or any politics. This is about  maintaining our Nation's security and defending the rule of law. It is  about nothing less than the future of our democracy. Let me be clear:  Because of President Trump, all of this is on the line. That is how  serious this is.   I have news for my Republican colleagues: As much as you would like  to stay silent on this, it is not an option. Our forefathers warned us  against the power of foreign interference to undermine the foundations  of our democracy, and their cautions echo as clearly and as strongly  today as they did more than 200 years ago.   As Members of Congress, as representatives of the American people, we  took an oath to defend our Nation's security and our democracy. That is  why the Constitution gives authority to Congress and the immense  responsibility to provide oversight of the President's actions. Based  just on what we know, it would be a dereliction of duty for Congress  not to investigate the grave threats to our country's safety and to our  democratic institutions.   If President Trump and his administration have nothing to hide, they  should stop obstructing. Let Congress do its job and find the facts.  Furthermore, if Congress fails to investigate these issues, it would  set its own dangerous new precedent, essentially green-lighting this  President's unethical behavior and his attacks against our democratic  institutions for future generations of our Nation's leaders. That is a  frightening notion.   We are now at the crossroads, and we have to make a decision. Over  the coming weeks, the actions of the House and possibly each individual  in this body will in large part determine which path we take. Will we  allow foreign actors to interfere in our elections and undermine our  security or not? Will we stand by it and allow this President and  perhaps future Presidents to ignore our Constitution and mangle our  democratic norms or not? Will we be a nation of laws or not?   I believe that this country is a country of laws, that our elections  must be completely free from foreign interference, and that every  elected official should ensure that these fundamental principles come  before party or partisanship as this process moves forward.   There are other priorities Congress needs to focus on, important work  we have to continue doing to secure our elections, which is all the  more paramount given this President's actions. We will, of course,  continue, as well, our efforts to lower healthcare costs and address  the climate crisis and the epidemic of gun violence and more, but we  cannot ignore what President Trump and his associates have done and  said and the impact their actions can have on our elections, our  democracy, and the future of this country.   I sat in this Chamber as a juror in an impeachment trial before. It  was a deeply serious undertaking, and one each Member took seriously  before rendering a decision. That is the same seriousness that is  required in this moment at this crossroad. If and when the House elects  to accuse the President of an impeachable offense or offenses, the  Senate right here will host the trial, and as Senators, we will all  serve as jurors. If and when that time comes, I know I will approach it  seriously, and I deeply hope each of my colleagues will, as well. Each  of us will have to put aside every other consideration beyond the facts  and focus solely on preserving the integrity of our democracy and  upholding our solemn obligation to defend the Constitution. History  will record where we all stand.   I yield the floor.   