 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 729,  the Coastal and Great Lakes Communities Enhancement Act.   My amendment directs NOAA to consider the potential of proposed  living shoreline projects to enhance the resiliency of military  installations and the communities that surround them.   Earlier this year, the Department of Defense found that well over  half of the highest priority military installations are or will be at  risk of recurrent flooding. The report found that greater Hampton Roads  is one of the areas ``most vulnerable to flooding'' in the entire  United States.   Hampton Roads is home to the largest Navy base in the world and  installations from every branch of the service. When it floods in  coastal Virginia, it is both a local nuisance as well as a threat to  our national security.   Coastal Virginians are stepping up to meet this challenge. The cities  of Norfolk and Virginia Beach have proposed almost $1.5 billion in  coastal resiliency infrastructure, but Hampton Roads and other coastal  localities with military presence cannot bear the cost of sea level  rise, severe storms, and recurrent flooding alone.   My amendment will strengthen H.R. 729 by ensuring that NOAA takes  into account the crucial role resiliency projects can play in  bolstering our national security and our local communities.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the  underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Hawaii  (Mr. Case).    Mr. Chair, coastal resiliency projects, such as the  Living Shoreline Program, can strengthen our military and the local  communities that support them. My amendment will improve H.R. 729 by  ensuring that NOAA considers the national security benefits of these  projects.   Let me be clear: A vote against this amendment is a vote to turn our  backs on our servicemembers and military families, as well as disregard  the future of military readiness in our coastal communities.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment in  the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   