 Mr. President, I am so grateful we had the  opportunity to be on the floor this week and to have a discussion about  our Nation's security and how we protect and preserve freedom. I have  just a couple of thoughts that I wanted to bring forward as we begin to  think about July 4th and Independence Day and how we commemorate that  day and do honor to the heritage and the tradition of that day and of  the freedoms that we enjoy.   I came across something this week that I think is just so pertinent  to our discussions of this week as we focus on freedom. In 1826, a very  feeble and old John Adams received a group of Quincy, MA, town leaders.  They were seeking his help in planning an anniversary celebration of  the Declaration of Independence. They wanted the former President to  pen a toast that would be read at the event. Imagine their surprise  when what they got from John Adams was two words. The toast that he  penned for them was simply this: ``Independence forever.'' It is what  we had fought for, what had been won, what people had desired, and  their passion--independence.   Keeping that independence is indeed the task. I am certain they  wanted something much more ambitious and eloquent, but they simply got  the nugget of what centered him and what should center us.   In the Declaration, our Founding Fathers recognized that  ``Governments long established should not be changed for light and  transient causes,'' but that true liberty could not thrive in the grasp  of tyranny.   Today, freedom reveals itself in the lives and actions of every  American, and it is our responsibility to preserve it on the  battlefield and through our actions each and every single day.   With every confirmation of a district or a circuit court judge, we  preserve an essential right guaranteed by the First Amendment--the  right to petition the government for a redress of grievances.   Earlier this month, I introduced a resolution supporting free speech  on college campuses because it is beyond distressing to hear students  and their professors argue that encouraging the open exchange of ideas  amounts to an act of violence. Our Founding Fathers probably never  dreamed they would hear of such a thing. This proud hostility toward  diversity of thought should serve as a reminder that questions of  freedom rarely remain settled.   Last week, famed economist Dr. Art Laffer, who is a beloved  Tennessean, was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The ``father  of supply-side economics'' only became so because he was free to learn  and apply the knowledge that he gained to his own groundbreaking work  that led to the Laffer curve.   Looking beyond Washington, it is easy to see many more examples of  freedom in action each and every day.   Every Tuesday, my friend and fellow Senator, Lamar Alexander, hosts  ``Tennessee Tuesday.'' This gives us an opportunity to meet with  Tennesseans who have come to Washington. They are students, small  businessmen, writers, and teachers. They have a host of talents that  they share, and they have been allowed to invest in those talents.   Back home in Nashville, we enjoy the artistry of some of the world's  most talented songwriters, singers, and producers. Guess what. In the  United States of America, they do not have to go seek permission from  any government official to write a song about a broken heart or any  other act of injustice that they want to write that song about, sing  that song about, or write that screenplay about.   The connections we form with each other--whether it be through art,  song, or a conversation at a cash register--all run deep. The thoughts  and emotions we experience when confronted with provocative ideas are  just as much a celebration of freedom as is a flag-raising ceremony or  a fireworks display. This is why the very idea of censorship or a  global standard of speech and association rouses immediate dissent.   We know that these collective understandings regarding a particular  type of speech or behavior inevitably lead to collective insistence  that the problems of the world could be resolved if only we could agree  to compromise on the finer points of freedom. Those understandings  assume that the intellectual comfort of the many simply must, just this  once, override the ideas of the vocal minority.   As we prepare to leave Washington in anticipation of Independence  Day, I would encourage my friends in Congress to challenge their own  ideas of what freedom looks like. How do they exercise it and enjoy it  every day? While John Adams probably never imagined a world of cable  news and the comments sections, he provided us with the only context we  need when confronted with the choice of preserving freedom or allowing  it to slip away--his admonition: ``Independence forever.''   I yield the floor.   