 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member very much for  his voice on this issue and so many others, and I thank my dear friend  from California, Karen Bass, for her leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the Put  Trafficking Victims First Act, which I wrote and introduced in the last  Congress with Congresswoman Karen Bass.   The bill passed unanimously in May of 2017, and I hope that the House  will again stand with the victims of human trafficking. Too often,  trafficking victims are overlooked and underserved.   In my home State of Missouri, I have met with many survivors and  listened to their painful stories. They need help to rebuild their  lives and that is exactly what this legislation will do.   America's courtrooms need to adopt victim-centered practices oriented  towards justice and recovery. While victims technically have access to  mandatory restitution in Federal courts, the sad reality is that  according to one estimate, sex trafficking victims get restitution in  only 14 percent of Federal sex trafficking cases. This is unacceptable,  Mr. Speaker.   This legislation will direct the Attorney General to work on  increasing restitution and to adopt victim-friendly procedures in  criminal cases. We believe the trauma-informed care helps victims  recover and cooperate with law enforcement so we may put pimps and  buyers behind bars.   Lack of help for victims in the justice system can lead to  revictimization, or even result in victims being criminalized for  offenses that they were forced to commit.   The Putting Trafficking Victims First Act of 2019 encourages training  for agencies, law enforcement, and prosecutors across the country to  implement victim-centered approaches to investigating and preventing  trafficking.   We also encourage law enforcement to make every attempt to determine  whether an individual's participation in trafficking is free from  force, fraud, and coercion before arresting or charging them.   The lack of good data on how to find and rescue victims of  trafficking is another major challenge in the United States. We don't  really know how best to identify and locate victims; what proportion  are coming from foster care; or their ages; ethnicity; or other  characteristics. We can't help victims if we can't find them, and we  desperately need to improve victim outreach.   The Putting Trafficking Victims First Act of 2019 establishes a  national working group to develop a public survey of survivors and  robust methodologies to estimate the prevalence of trafficking. This  will help us understand how and where victims are accessing help to  improve service provision.   Finally, victims of trafficking are mostly served at the State level.  So it is critical that States improve how they respond to victims. We  need to make sure that all child trafficking victims receive the same  level of care that any other child abuse survivor would receive. The  bill encourages States to improve outreach, screen children entering  child welfare services and the justice system, screen foreign nationals  who will be labor trafficked, create safe harbor laws, and develop  emergency response plans.   Together, we can get victims of trafficking out of dangerous and  abusive situations and make trauma-informed services more accessible.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to put trafficking victims first  and join Congresswoman Bass and myself in voting for this legislation.   