 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Alabama  for his tremendous leadership on this very critical effort because  right now we are days away from a very damaging lapse in funding for  our HBCUs, our Tribal colleges, and other minority-serving institutions  that creates unnecessary and needless uncertainty for students in  schools across this country.   Both of my colleagues spoke of music and the need for harmony. Well,  it appears to me that the bill the Senator from Alabama is asking us to  approve today for the funding for HBCUs is a heck of a lot of harmony.  The House has already acted to fix this. They sent this bill to the  Senate on a bipartisan basis. All Members of the House support it, and  it is paid for in a way even the White House supports. In this day and  age, I would take that harmony.   So I am very frustrated about today's opposition to this simple step  to protect colleges and universities with such important missions. I  can't see a good reason why we haven't sent the President this bill.   I listened to the Senator from Tennessee, and it sounds to me like he  wants to write a whole new song. He is interested in a small package of  higher education proposals, and he said he wants to see the FUTURE Act  as a part of that. But it is pretty clear to me that when you have a  good song and you have everybody together moving that, and maybe there  is a discordant note somewhere, you just keep moving forward with that  song--if we want to stay with the country music theme here.   I believe we should not delay it. Let's move this forward. Let's not  threaten the funding for some of our most valued institutions. We  should take this up and pass the FUTURE Act right away and then  continue our committee discussions about how to reauthorize the Higher  Education Act.   Since the start of those discussions, I have been very clear that we  need to do this reauthorization in a comprehensive way that really  helps students with the many challenges they face. We have so many  students today who are struggling with the burdensome costs of getting  a degree, who find themselves cheated by bad actors that, by the way,  Secretary DeVos is not holding accountable, and they are stuck with  mounting debt. They face bullying, harassment, and assault when they  should be focused on learning in their classes, or they are faced  without pathways to help them get into higher education in the first  place.   Today the House is rightly looking at a comprehensive higher  education reauthorization to address all these issues of affordability,  accountability, campus safety, and acceptability, and that is what the  Senate should do as well. Surely the Senate can reach an agreement on  those issues but only if we stay at the table and keep working together  rather than veering off the course we set. That is what I am very  concerned a smaller package would mean.   I believe that we have a real opportunity to reach a comprehensive  agreement that helps students in need, and we ought to take it. In the  meantime, there is no excuse for playing politics, holding up the  FUTURE Act, and exposing students and schools nationwide to uncertainty  and to dysfunction.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I want to speak on the nomination, which  will occur before the Senate shortly, of Eugene Scalia as Secretary of  Labor.   I think it is important to say that as President Trump continues  relentlessly pursuing his anti-worker agenda, now, more than ever, we  need a Secretary of Labor who will stand up to the President and stand  with working families, not someone like Scalia, who is an elite  corporate lawyer, who has made his career fighting for the biggest  corporations and against workers. We need someone who will fight for  strong health and safety protections, not someone who has crusaded to  strike them down. We need someone who will hold companies accountable,  not someone who used his last position in the Department of Labor to  undermine whistleblower protections and fought to get his corporate  clients off the hook for workplace harassment and discrimination  against workers with disabilities.   We need someone who will fight for workers' economic security, not  someone who helped companies get away with stealing their workers'  wages and denying overtime pay. We don't need someone who avoids  committing to support our efforts to raise the minimum wage to $15 an  hour and close the pay gap and, certainly, not someone who costs  working families billions of dollars by fighting to strike down a  crucial rule that made sure they could get retirement advice that was  in their best interest.   We need a Secretary of Labor, not a secretary of corporate interests.  Yet at our confirmation hearing last week, Scalia made very clear that  is exactly what he would be by dodging taking a stand for workers and  deferring to President Trump's anti-worker agenda.   I have been deeply concerned about his awful record since day one. I  strongly oppose his nomination. I urge my colleagues to do the same.  Everyone needs to take a long, hard look at who Mr. Scalia fights for  and who he does not and think carefully about the message their vote  will send to working families in our country.   I yield the floor.   