 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Hastings for yielding  me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, energy is a critical driver of the American economy and  quality of life. Its production creates thousands of well-paying jobs.  Energy is needed in almost every aspect of our lives, from fueling the  trucks that transport our goods to stores, to powering the servers that  make the internet possible.   The United States cannot reach or sustain our potential without  large-scale access to developing our energy resources, but today, we  are debating three bills that put American energy, American quality of  life, and American national security at risk.   This majority wants to pass sweeping bans on harnessing domestic  energy resources. They want to ban American energy from the Pacific,  ban American energy from the Atlantic, ban American energy from Alaska.  They want to ban it all, and American families will pay the price.   These bills ignore the economic benefits of domestic energy  production. Energy development brings high-paying jobs, facilitates  manufacturing and investment, and provides government revenues. Energy  development in the United States also makes energy more affordable for  everyone.   The average salary paid in the natural gas and oil development fields  is $113,000 per year, and the energy industry supports 300,000 jobs in  the United States.   These bills also ignore how affordable energy makes a higher standard  of living accessible.   I spent this summer, part of it, back home in Arizona. Air- conditioning, of course, is essential in our climate in Arizona, but it  is also a major driver of electricity bills. Our electricity bills are  very high.   Many of my constituents are retirees living on limited incomes. I  want to work to lower their energy costs by expanding American energy  development, but instead, my Democratic colleagues, I believe, are  doing the opposite.   Domestic oil production has allowed Americans to spend 28 percent  less in fuel, resulting in nearly $1,000 in savings per family in 2017  alone. To my constituents, that is a lot of money.   The reality of our current situation in energy exploration is that 94  percent of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States is  currently off-limits to offshore exploration and development. We  haven't even had a lease auction for areas of the Atlantic Ocean since  1984. We have made substantial gains in exploration technologies,  drilling technology, and overall safety since then. Why not even just  allow for exploration, to know what resources we have?   We must consider how access to domestic energy resources helps keep  our Nation secure. Oil and gas supplies 67 percent of the energy  Americans use, and total oil and natural gas consumption is expected to  grow over the next 30 years, generating over 60 percent of America's  energy. By limiting access to offshore areas containing resources, we  risk being dependent on foreign actors, like the Russians for natural  gas or Saudi Arabia for oil. In fact, California recently bought  billions of dollars of oil from Saudi Arabia, which will benefit the  Saudi Arabian royal family.    These bills will weaken our energy and national security.   Mr. Speaker, I do agree with many of my colleagues whom I have spoken  with that we should be prudent with future offshore exploration and  drilling. We must be mindful of the impact on our military training and  testing, especially in Florida. However, we cannot do this with an  outright ban. We must take a measured and thoughtful approach.   To make this point, the United States is one of the only countries  along the Atlantic that is not actively exploring for energy in those  waters. Nations with fewer resources and far less strict environmental  regulations are adopting policies to proceed with offshore development,  yet these bills before us today would halt all American progress.   I believe in an all-of-the-above energy approach. In my home State of  Arizona, this is a reality and necessity. We have to rely on multiple  and diverse sources to ensure affordable and reliable energy. I support  nuclear, hydroelectric, coal, Sun, wind, and other alternative  solutions, but I also support domestic oil and natural gas production.   I point to my State of Arizona. Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station  sits just outside my district, generating about 3.3 gigawatts of clean  energy for Phoenix and southern California. We also have several  natural gas plants, such as the Agua Fria Generating Station. Just last  month, I moderated a panel at Arizona State University where we  discussed the Salt River Project harnessing rivers to produce  hydropower.   An all-of-the-above approach like that in Arizona would benefit  American families and their quality of life.   In contrast, the bans that my Democratic colleagues propose would  harm the U.S. economy, threaten our national security, and increase  energy prices and rates on consumers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I want to briefly just talk about what my  colleague, Mr. Hastings, said.   He mentioned that there are 242,000 solar energy jobs and 102,000  wind energy jobs, and that is great. Allowing oil and gas exploration  is not going to take away those jobs. In fact, jobs in those industries  are going to increase just naturally.   However, at this time, with our technology, I know that you need  natural gas and other sources to spin up electric plants fast because  the technology isn't there to store the energy for when it is needed.   Mr. Speaker, I want to say that what I don't understand about the  bills is we are going to need oil and gas. Why would we want to go back  to the seventies-type crisis, oil embargo crisis, when we are reliant  on foreign nations that are often hostile to us? I just don't  understand it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Florida  (Mr. Rooney), my friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Florida.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Graves), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   If we defeat the previous question, I have an amendment to the rule  to prohibit the use of Federal funds for payments in support of  campaigns for the offices of Senators or Representatives.   I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the  Record, along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote  on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis) to explain the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I am also ready to close.   Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H7571]]    Mr. Speaker, in closing, the bills before us today, I believe, and  many believe, are harmful to American jobs, Americans' quality of life,  and Americans' security. These bills, like quite a few of the other  bills passed by the Democrat majority, will die in the Senate.   These are just more messaging bills, but the message underlying these  bills is the false notion that domestic energy production is harmful. I  cannot disagree more. Domestic energy production creates hundreds of  thousands of well-paying jobs, lowers electricity bills, and prevents  us from being dependent on foreign countries for oil and gas.   As The Washington Post opined last year: ``As long as the economy  requires oil, it must come from somewhere, and better the United States  than a country with much weaker environmental oversight.''    In a bipartisan op-ed I have here, written by Jim Webb, a former  Democratic Senator, and Jim Nicholson, it notes that: `` . . . because  of current U.S. policy, major energy investments are moving to  countries like Mexico where regulations could lag even farther behind  ours.   ``Over the last four years, as we have debated whether to open up  carefully selected new areas for exploration on our side of the Gulf of  Mexico, Mexico has leased over 20 million new acres on its side. The  country's total acreage leased in the Gulf is now over 30 million  acres, double that of the U.S.'s 14.7 million.''   Utilizing America's energy sources is a commonsense step for  America's energy future. America must make safe and full use of all of  its energy resources for our economy and for our national security.  Much of that energy could be from offshore.   We should encourage an expansion of domestic energy production, but,  instead, unfortunately, my Democratic colleagues in the majority seek  to limit it.   There are numerous reasons why offshore natural gas and oil are  important to the United States and why we should reject these bills:   One, 67 percent of the energy Americans use in total oil and natural  gas consumption is expected to grow over 30 years.   Two, U.S. offshore has accounted for more than 1 million barrels of  oil per day for the past 20 years.   Three, by 2035, the natural gas and oil industry could create more  than 1.9 million new jobs.   Four, there are 89.9 billion barrels of oil and 327.49 trillion cubic  feet of natural gas, potential energy resources, yet to be discovered  in the United States' Outer Continental Shelf.   Five, there is about $900 million annually in funding for national  parks and conservation programs from offshore development through the  LWCF.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question, a ``no''  vote on the underlying measure, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   