 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1759, the Building on  Reemployment Improvements to Deliver Good Employment for Workers Act,  also known as the BRIDGE for Workers Act, which I have worked on with  my colleagues, Representative Murphy and Representative LaHood.   This legislation builds upon the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, where  we made a significant step forward in helping those unemployed, through  no fault of their own, by pairing unemployment benefits with services.   Over the last few decades, there has been a focus on automation that  has removed all human interaction from the benefit claims process.  Beneficiaries have become nothing more than a number entered into a  spreadsheet or into a computer database.   During the last recession, we saw that merely providing 99 weeks of  unemployment benefits was not enough to help individuals return to the  workforce. That is why, in 2012, we offered reemployment services and  eligibility assessments, known as RESEAs, to the long-term unemployed  based on successful State efforts to engage UI beneficiaries.   Since the recession, many States have rebranded unemployment to  reemployment, and focused on efforts to promote rapid reemployment,  because it is better for workers, their families, and an economy where  we have 1 million more job openings than we have employed.   The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 provides States with funding  certainty, so they can invest in these services and serve greater  numbers of workers. That is why H.R. 1759 is so important. It makes  permanent a technical correction first made in FY 2019 appropriations.   This bill clarifies that reemployment services and eligibility  assessments shall promote quicker reemployment to shorten benefit  durations for all unemployment insurance claimants, not just those  likely to exhaust unemployment benefits.   In my home State of Indiana, RESEA was redesigned in 2016 to assist  UI claimants through early intervention to aid in a quicker return to  meaningful employment and eliminate UI fraud.   Indiana's RESEA program is two-fold. The initial RESEA expects  beneficiaries to make an in-person visit to a WorkOne Center on  approximately the sixth week of benefits. During that visit, they  attend an orientation to learn more about these services, and then meet  with a RESEA counselor for a one-on-one assessment interview to develop  an individual reemployment plan. That plan may include workshops to  improve job search or interviewing skills, or referrals to other  supports or services beyond the UI agency.   Any of the RESEA initial participants who are still collecting at the  15th week of their UI claim are contacted for reengagement as part of  the subsequent RESEA program. These long-term claimants are brought in  for a one-on-one reassessment interview to determine if additional  barriers to reemployment are present. At any point in the process where  it becomes apparent that additional, more intensive services are  needed, the customer then moves into the workforce system to gain more  skills.   RESEAS are a valuable reemployment tool for those who have lost their  job, through no fault of their own.   Again, I urge support of H.R. 1759, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. LaHood).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Kansas (Mr. Estes).    Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I am prepared  to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, as you have heard today, the ability to pair benefits  with services can have a profound effect on the lives of workers and  their families. At a time with more than a million more jobs than we  actually have unemployed, this effort is especially critical. This bill  gives States the flexibility they need to make reemployment services a  great success.   Again, I urge support of H.R. 1759, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   