 Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Nadler for yielding.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1112, the Enhanced Background  Checks Act of 2019.   After losing my son Jordan to gun violence in 2012, I began reaching  out to other families who recently lost a loved one to gun violence. I  would send them letters. That is how I came to know Reverend Sharon  Risher of Charlotte, North Carolina.   On June 17, 2017, Reverend Risher lost her mother, two cousins, and a  childhood friend when a young man shot and killed nine people during a  prayer service at the Emanuel Church in Charleston, South Carolina.  Today, with H.R. 1112, we can close the loophole in background checks  for the gun purchase that led to their terrible loss. I support this  legislation for Reverend Sharon Risher and the memory of her family and  her loved ones.   Tragically, this was not the last time our country witnessed horrific  violence in a place of worship. A few months ago, the shooting at the  Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, took the lives of  11 human beings.   Our places of worship, whether they are churches, synagogues,  mosques, or something else, should be safe places of love, support, and  community. H.R. 1112 would allow law enforcement the time that they  need to make sure all these community centers are places of peace and  safety.   Yesterday, we voted to expand background checks. Today, we vote to  make sure those background checks are thorough, even if a few of them  take a few more days to process. Those few extra days will save lives.   In the days after the Emanuel shooting, I was there in the community  praying with the community and dealing with their pain and loss.  America deserves better than this.   Why not make sure that we are doing everything that we can to protect  them? A few more days in making sure that the FBI has the ability to  really soundly make a conscious and critical decision, America deserves  that.   Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill.   