 Mr. President, I rise today alongside my Republican  colleagues to once again voice my strong support for the U.S.-Mexico- Canada Trade Agreement. This agreement has been on the minds of  Nebraskans for well over a year now.   Nebraska and rural America as a whole were dealt a tough hand in  2019. However, every time that I meet with Nebraska's farm families,  ranchers, ag producers, and manufacturers, they reassure me that they  can endure these challenges. They will sacrifice short-term anxiety for  long-term certainty and predictability, but they need to know that  there is going to be a light at the end of this tunnel. One important  thing Congress can do to meet their needs is simple--pass the USMCA.  This agreement is a victory for Nebraska and for America.   I will give you a glimpse into what this means for my State.  Currently, Canada and Mexico receive 44 percent of Nebraska's total  exports. In 2017 alone, our State sent nearly $900 million of ag  products to Mexico and nearly $450 million of ag products to Canada.  These exports include our world-class corn, soybeans, ethanol, and  beef. As I have said before, America's heart beats in the same rhythm  as agriculture. When our ag producers succeed, entire communities reap  the benefits.   The Nebraska Department of Agriculture reports that our State's $6.4  billion in agricultural exports in 2017 led to nearly $8.2 billion in  additional economic activity in our State. That is why it is so  important that Nebraska's top two markets, Mexico and Canada, are  protected. We all know that the USMCA is the product of bipartisan  good-faith work. Both sides agree that this deal not only updates but  strengthens our environmental responsibilities, and it places  enforceable labor obligations at the core of the agreement.   All former Secretaries of Agriculture since the Reagan  administration, both Republicans and Democrats, have voiced their  strong support. Even the Washington Post editorial board conceded that  the deal is ``a real improvement over the status quo.''   Last July, a group of 14 House Democrats sent a letter to Speaker  Pelosi urging her to move forward with USMCA immediately. The President  of Mexico made his own plea to the Speaker in a letter last week.  Canada is still waiting for us to act. The senior Senator from Iowa  noted that a deal between House Democrats and the Trump administration  must be struck this week if ratification of the USMCA is to take effect  this year. Time is running out. Meanwhile, House Democrats are  distracted by impeachment proceedings when they should be focused on  passing this very meaningful agreement.   In the final weeks of 2019, we will see if the needs of hard-working  men and women in the heartland take priority over political theater. I  urge my colleagues to follow through on our Nation's priorities and end  the months of needless stalling. We must act now. The passage of USMCA  would be an incredible win for Nebraska, and it would be an undeniable  victory for America.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  remaining votes in this series be 10 minutes in length.   