 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, last week, when I joined my colleagues to  recognize Senator Isakson, I mentioned that when Johnny says he is  going to get something done, you know it will get done. The bill we are  getting ready to pass today in a few hours, the Over-the-Counter  Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act, which he has worked on  with Senator Casey, proves it once again.   Every day, people head to their local pharmacy or retail store for  over-the-counter medications to deal with a cough or a sore throat or a  stomach ache. Every day, parents across the country turn to the  medicine cabinet after someone comes home with a scrape or a bug bite  or poison ivy. Every day, there are countless other health concerns  people look to treat quickly, safely, and effectively with over-the- counter drugs. That is why this legislation is so important.   The pace of scientific discovery seems to speed up every day, but the  over-the-counter monograph system--the system for how these drugs are  regulated and brought to market--has not kept pace. The current system  has not changed, actually, since 1972, and it sorely needs to. Right  now, even after the science has made clear that small changes to the  monograph, or recipe, for an over-the-counter drug might make it safer  or more effective, it can take years for those changes to be approved  under the current outdated process. Even small changes to a drug label,  including changes regarding important new safety information, can be  held up for years.   The Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act  takes long-needed steps to address this problem and streamline the way  over-the-counter drugs are regulated and brought to market. These  changes will allow the Food and Drug Administration to do more to  protect public health and make sure over-the-counter drugs,  ingredients, and labels reflect the latest science. It will also  encourage the development of new products to better meet the needs of  patients. The legislation allows the FDA to collect user fees for  reviewing over-the-counter drugs to make sure it has the resources it  needs to do this important job.   Many families rely on over-the-counter drugs each day for a lot of  different reasons. It is very important that these medications and the  labels we turn to for information about them are safe, that they are  effective, and  [[Page S6916]]  that they are as up-to-date with the latest science as possible. Thanks  to the efforts of Senator Isakson and Senator Casey, this bill we will  vote on this afternoon will help accomplish that by updating the over- the-counter monograph system for the first time in decades. I know how  important this bill has been to Senator Isakson and how he has worked  so hard on it for many years. I want to tell him how grateful I am. I  want him to know that I am particularly grateful for his commitment to  getting this done for families back in Georgia and across the country.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Casey for his leadership  on this important issue and agree wholeheartedly with his statement on  S. 2740, the Over-the-Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform  Act of 2019.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that an FDA  detailee on my HELP Committee staff, Michael Varrone, be granted floor  privileges through August 2020.   