 Madam President, to my right is an August 11, 2019,  cover from the Washington Post. It shows the faces of the 423 people  killed in mass shootings between the Sandy Hook massacre in 2012 and  the recent shooting in Dayton, OH. This is more than a third of the  1,196 people killed in mass shootings since 1966, so shootings have  grown dramatically in this country. This should not be the face of  America.   I think we have got to do much more to stop the plague of gun  violence that continues to take the lives of the most innocent among  us, including the 20 small beautiful children who lost their lives that  December in Newtown. I have their photo at home, and I look at it  almost every day, and it is indeed a heartbreaker.   Today, I would like to speak about a few bills that I believe the  Senate should be voting on right now. Specifically, we should be voting  on requiring universal background checks, banning assault weapons,  banning high-capacity magazines, and supporting enactment of extreme  risk laws.   The House passed a strong bill on universal background checks that  has been sitting on Leader McConnell's desk now for more than 200 days.  According to a Washington Post-ABC News poll, 89 percent of Americans  support universal background checks, and that includes 83 percent of  Republicans; yet that bill sits on Leader McConnell's desk.   We have seen even more lives lost in the last several weeks while  this bill languishes on the Senate calendar. The shootings in Gilroy,  Dayton, El Paso, Midland-Odessa took the lives of 41 people, including  a 6-year-old boy named Steven Romero. A background check could have  prevented the shooter in Odessa and Midland from getting his gun.   Unfortunately, he was able to purchase a firearm through a private  sale that does not require a background check, and still, we wait for a  vote on this bill to close the gaping loopholes of our background check  system. Please, Leader McConnell, let us vote on this bill.   Sadly, what has become all too common is that each of the shootings I  mentioned involved an assault weapon. The Gilroy shooter used a WASR  10, which is an AK-47 style semiautomatic weapon. The rifle was  equipped with a 75-round drum magazine. In this case, the shooter  intentionally crossed into Nevada to purchase the gun, as the sale of  assault weapons is banned in California. The Dayton shooter used an  AM15 assault rifle equipped with a 100-round drum magazine. The El Paso  shooter also used a WASR 10 rifle, and the shooter in Midland and  Odessa used an AR-15-style rifle.   These are weapons of war, plain and simple. Their main function is to  kill as many people as possible. In fact, in two of these shootings-- Gilroy and Dayton--law enforcement arrived in less than a minute, but  in that time, dozens of people had been injured or killed.   I strongly believe that reinstating the Federal ban on assault  weapons could have saved some of the lives that have been recently  lost. As the New York Times reported in an op-ed titled, ``That Assault  Weapons Ban? It Really Did Work,'' data shows that, compared with the  decade before its adoption, the Federal assault weapons ban, in effect  from September 1994 through 2004, was associated with a 25-percent drop  in gun massacres--a massacre is from 6 to 8 people--and a 40-percent  drop in fatalities from 81 to 49. We need to reinstate the Federal  assault weapons ban. It worked before, and it will work again.   We also need to ban high-capacity magazines. My legislation to ban  assault weapons includes this provision, and there are standalone bills  as well. Just a few weeks ago, at Northern Police Station in San  Francisco, I had the opportunity to examine a 100-round magazine  personally--two rounds that fit on a rifle or a revolver. I couldn't  believe it, 100 rounds that could be used just round after round after  round so easily. It is lightweight. It is simple to use. It is  diabolical. And the only purpose of it is to kill as many people as  possible as fast as possible.   Keeping high-capacity magazines out of the hands of mass shooters is  particularly important because, many times, shootings are only stopped  when the shooter has to pause and reload. In 2011, the shooter in  Tucson, who shot then-Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, was only  stopped when bystanders wrestled the shooter to the ground after he  stopped firing to reload. Civilians have no use for these devices, so  all they are doing is costing innocent life.   Finally, the Senate should be considering legislation on extreme risk  laws. Seventeen States and the District of Columbia already have them.  These laws allow family members and law enforcement to go to court  before a judge and get a temporary lawful order to keep a gun out of  the hands of someone who is dangerous. These orders involve judicial  findings, presentation of evidence, and court proceedings that protect  people's due process rights. There is legislation, too. It is called  the Extreme Risk Protection Order Act of 2019. It would create new  grants to incentivize States to enact their own extreme risk laws.   The House Judiciary Committee recently passed companion legislation,  and polls have shown the majority of Americans support these measures.   According to the same Washington Post-ABC News poll I mentioned  earlier, 86 percent of Americans support these measures--86 percent,  including 85 percent of Republicans.   I hope Members will listen to this because these are needless deaths  and  [[Page S5510]]  needless murders. They need not have happened. Simply put, this body  and the Senate Judiciary Committee should really be taking action today  to protect against gun violence.   Last week, the House Judiciary Committee passed three bills that  would ban high-capacity magazines, would prohibit people convicted of  hate crimes from possessing firearms, and would incentivize States to  create extreme risk laws. I am so disappointed our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle have blocked these commonsense measures for  years, and I would appeal to them: Please, it is time for us to act. We  cannot let another mass shooting go by and not take even these simple  steps.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   