 Mr. President.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague Senator Tim  Scott from South Carolina. I am going to talk a little bit about our  visit later, but our visit was really tremendous in West Virginia.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all  postcloture time on the Brasher nomination expire at 3 p.m. today and  that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action.   I further ask that following disposition of the Brasher nomination,  the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the Ruiz II, Arias- Marxuach, and Wolson nominations in the order listed, and that if  cloture is invoked on the nominations, the postcloture time on the  nominations expire at 10:30 a.m. on Thursday, May 2, and the Senate  vote on confirmation of the nominations in the order in which cloture  was invoked; and finally, if confirmed, that the motions to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I am here to join my colleagues today to  speak about what I believe is one of the most significant parts of the  Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we passed a little over a year ago, and that  is the opportunity zones.   Senator Scott is the author and the brains behind this concept that  he has been working on for years, and I was really proud to be a  cosponsor of that bill and am excited to see what is going to happen.   Ever since that historic legislation that we passed and became law in  2017, I have heard from many individuals, families, and small  businesses back in West Virginia about all the ways that they have  benefited from this. I have met with families who have been able to  save for their children, whether it is to increase their children's  education or to actually get some things done around the house that  they hadn't been able to afford before.   I have spoken with small businesses that have been able to expand  their operations and create new jobs. I have heard from individuals who  have been able to give back to their churches and to their communities.  I have seen--which, I think, may even be the most significant--a  renewed sense of optimism and hope about where our economy is going,  not just in our State but across the country.   Many critics of the tax cut legislation said folks like those living  in West Virginia wouldn't feel the positive effects, but I can tell you  that we have experienced that in West Virginia. Those same critics then  said that the benefits would only be temporary.   I heard Senator Scott talk about the growth figures over the last  quarter. It is phenomenal. I have seen figures in West Virginia of how  wage growth is increasing and how our annual salaries are increasing.   Our unemployment still remains a little bit high, but it is still  moving down over the last month.   As recently as last week, I met a small business owner in South  Charleston who is currently creating new jobs because of that tax  reform.   But thanks to a specific provision in the tax reform bill--a  provision, as I said, that Senator Scott sponsored and that several of  our colleagues joined in--I am positive that the new tax law will  continue to drive economic growth and optimism through opportunity  zones.   Now there is no State better made for an opportunity zone investment  than our State. I am going to sell it right here.   As my colleagues before me have explained, the idea is quite simple.  It is to incentivize private investment in communities that need it the  most--communities that, for one reason or another, have struggled more  than others economically and that have been hit hard and are in need of  not just a little but a major jump start. They are communities full of  great people--people with great ideas and strong ambition--but they are  in need of the capital to get those ideas off the ground, to start and  expand their businesses, and to drive that growth and development.   That is something that is really not easy to do in a small State,  particularly a small rural State. It is very difficult.   The New York Times actually reported recently that the rural areas  around our country accounted for just 3 percent of America's job growth  between the years of 2010 and 2014.   But with the creation of the opportunity zones, enthusiasm is growing  across the Mountain State when it comes to our economic potential.   Senator Scott talked about his visit to Huntington, and he did remark  on the enthusiasm that he saw firsthand when he visited with me and we  toured 3 of our State's 55 opportunity zones. During that visit, we met  with a lot of businesses. We met with local and government leaders, and  we met with education officials and city officials about how  opportunity zones can shape growth in that community, as well as in  others across our State.   I think Senator Scott would agree that the optimism was there and the  excitement was palpable.   The mayor of Huntington, Mayor Steve Williams, actually put it best  when he characterized the trip as an opportunity to show not only what  the community has been able to do to attract investment but, better  yet, what the community aspires to do and become in the next  generations or the next decades.   That is really what opportunity zones are all about--not only driving  investments today but building those foundations of growth and  development for the future.   I think we can all think of an area we either live near or we have  driven through in our respective States that maybe used to be vibrant  communities, whether in, say, Wheeling, where they had a big steel  industry at some point, or in Weston, where there was a glass industry  at some point. The downtowns have begun to shrink, but they are almost  like sleeping bears. They are ready to wake up, and that is what I  think opportunity zones are going to do.   Today, a little less than a year ago, the Governor made the  appointments of 55 areas in our State. Law firms, accounting firms,  investors, and several others are working in our State to use this new  tax provision to bring jobs and growth to parts of our country that  need it the most.   Communities are developing pitch books--I have seen a couple on the  internet--to market their projects and proposals. Our city of  Parkersburg is a great example of that. A nonprofit put together a  pitch book that shows where the investments can occur in and around  those opportunity zones surrounding Parkersburg.   We have also seen the establishment of our first opportunity fund,  called the Savage Grant.   So we have some great momentum. We are working to build on it. My  staff has just done an outreach in almost every single county, and we  just finished a 3-day educational tour in partnership with West  Virginia Forward, the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, the West  Virginia Department of Commerce, and the Benedum Foundation to spread  the word.   Also, nonprofits are really interested in seeing this work. It takes  some of the pressure off of them. If the private investor can come in,  then the nonprofits can come in and provide some of the alternative  services and additional services that would be needed.   So we are going to keep at it, and with Treasury's release of the  most recent opportunity zone regulations, the program will be a viable  tool that will be more viable than ever for investments in our  operating businesses.   I am confident that West Virginians and others will make the most of  it, and we should make the most of it because this is a great idea and  a great opportunity. It is a way to transform our communities and to  improve our communities and to lift up individuals and businesses that  contribute, and to  [[Page S2549]]  build that bigger and greater foundation for a brighter future.   So these are the kinds of opportunities that, as Republicans, when we  voted for this bill, we knew that this was a core part of our mission  in terms of being able to deliver that firm foundation, and we are  going to continue to deliver for West Virginians and for all Americans.   I wish to thank the Senator from Iowa as well.   I yield the floor.   