 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support  of H.R. 550, the Merchant Mariners of World War II Congressional Gold  Medal Act of 2019.   I want to thank the chairwoman and the ranking member for bringing  this bill to the floor, but I very much want to thank the fine  gentleman from California, Representative Garamendi, for leading the  effort this Congress.   Many Members of Congress have been involved in this, including one of  our former colleagues, Representative Janice Hahn, whom I worked with  closely several Congresses ago, and we have continued to try to bring  this effort before the American people and before this House.   Merchant mariners, today, are Federal Government employees who pursue  a civil service career in the Navy while assigned aboard U.S.  Government-owned ships that support the Navy's warfighters and  warfighting platforms around the world. But, Madam Speaker, as you  have already heard, often forgotten, merchant mariners are an integral  part of our armed services today and in our Nation's history,  especially during World War II.    They took part in every invasion during World War II, from Normandy  to Okinawa. They provided the greatest sealift in history, and they  became the difference between victory and defeat.   With an estimated 9,300 casualties, they bore a higher per capita  casualty rate than any other branch of the military during World War  II. Even so, they were not recognized as veterans until 1988, and they  never received the benefits that other World War II veterans received  under the GI Bill.   While I was at home many years ago in Indianapolis, I met with a  group of family members of merchant mariners and some who served  actually during World War II. So it was because of that meeting that I  learned so much about their service and decided to take up the mantle  in trying to work with Representative Hahn at that time to get the  recognition that they deserved.   These loyal, brave men put their lives on the line for the cause of  freedom and selflessly answered their Nation's call to duty. So now is  the time, working in a bipartisan way, to get it across the finish  line, to formally pay our respect to all of these deserving men and  recognize the countless sacrifices and contributions of merchant  mariners in our history.   