 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the  importance of the Senate providing the resources needed by our  soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines.   We are seeing increasing threats to the homeland from around the  world. We need look no further than the recent elimination of Abu Bakr  al-Baghdadi by U.S. Special Operations forces to show us that there are  evil people out there who continue to devote their lives to killing  American citizens and glorifying the fall of our Nation. The rise of  ISIS proved that radical terrorist ideologies remain dangerous. Despite  the elimination of its leader, groups like ISIS will continue to remain  a serious challenge across the globe.   We have also seen the emergence of a great power competition with  China and Russia. They are investing massive amounts of resources to  erode the international order that the United States and our allies  have worked so hard to create and protect. Leaders of these nations  don't want societies based on liberty and free enterprise; instead,  they are focused on promoting the iron precepts of authoritarianism and  autocracy. Without American engagement and a strong investment in the  Nation's military, our children could live in a world transformed by  these malign forces. We cannot allow that to happen.   Clearly, the threats we face abroad are increasing. On that fact, we  have bipartisan support. These past few weeks, many of my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle have spoken about the situation in Syria  and the danger that an expansionist Russia poses to nations like  Ukraine. We agree about the need for the United States to address these  challenges, but I am not convinced that my Democratic colleagues are  truly serious about sustaining American leadership and retaining our  position in the world. If they are, it is time to show it by advancing  the defense funding legislation.   Funding the military in a timely, predictable fashion is one of the  most important things we can do in Congress. A failure to do so awards  China and Russia with an advantage at a time when we can least afford  it. We need to work together to pass our Defense appropriations bill  for the coming fiscal year and to focus on implementing the National  Defense Strategy to effectively confront these threats.   It is also worth highlighting how many provisions contained in this  bill are absolutely critical to our military. This legislation provides  significant investments in both basic research and future technologies  to allow for continued innovation within DOD. It includes  [[Page S6290]]  areas pivotal to implementing the goals of the NDS, including  hypersonics, 5G, artificial intelligence, missile defense, and cyber  security.   Importantly, it provides robust funding for all three legs of the  triad and appropriates funding to enable the modernization of our  Nation's nuclear deterrent. There is no question that this is a top  priority of mine as chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee of  the Senate Armed Services Committee.   In addition, we cannot forget that the Department of Defense still  has not recovered from the impacts of several natural disasters that  affected multiple installations across the country. This includes  Offutt Air Force Base and Camp Ashland in my own State of Nebraska, as  well as several others. Without the relief funding in the Defense  appropriations bill, these bases and their tenant units will not be  able to fully recover from these disasters. That poses a major threat  not just to the bases themselves but to all of the missions we rely  upon them to support. For that reason, it is critical that we move  forward with the defense funding process to allow full recovery to take  place at these bases.   All of us here also recognize that our military is about more than  hardware; it is our men and women in uniform and their families who  make our Armed Forces strong. That is why it is so essential that we  provide the pay and benefits that are critical for our servicemembers  and their families. The Defense appropriations bill delivers a military  pay increase of 3.1 percent. That is the largest in a decade.   If we are truly serious about supporting our warfighters, if we mean  what we say when we talk about supporting the troops, then step up. We  must move forward with the Defense appropriations bill. Now is the not  the time to put political grandstanding ahead of serious legislating.   I hope we can look back at the Senate's bipartisan tradition of  uniting behind the common defense as inspiration. Let's take up and  pass the Defense appropriations bill. In doing so, we honor our  commitment to America's warfighters.   We have seen over the past week how the bravery and commitment of our  servicemembers can deliver the world's most-wanted terrorist to  justice. We must honor their service and the service of all our men and  women in uniform by moving this process forward.   I yield the floor.   