 Mr. President, I so enjoy listening to my colleagues  as they talk about the issues that are important to them and to the  States they represent. It is, indeed, one of those privileges that we  in this body enjoy, and many times we take it for granted. Yet today is  a day of remembrance. It is a day that we look back and say we ought  not take it for granted because there are many in this world who would  threaten our freedoms and our liberties.   Earlier this week, I was talking with some of the members of our  team, and we were trading stories about where we were on the morning of  September 11 and how it affected the way we viewed their place in the  world, and their memories, and what their recollections were. Those of  us who vividly remember that day still recall an unsettling cascade of  emotions. There was shock, confusion, and, finally, dread as we  realized we were not, as initially thought, seeing a senseless  accident, but that, indeed, we were under attack. As the morning wore  on, dread really gave way to fear and panic and, finally, to absolute  terror that our loved ones who were in New York, Washington, and  Pennsylvania and who were in the air, maybe flying home, were among  those who were experiencing firsthand what was happening. It was the  perfect storm of conflicting media reports and jammed cell service that  made it almost impossible to reach out to people and to ask that  question, ``Are you OK?'' and to hear their voices.   Through the smoke and the blood came a moment of awful clarity. Life  would never be the same because we would never again experience life  without feeling as if we were a target. The events of September 11  introduced a new generation of Americans to the reality that our  country is not and will never be immune to the threat of terror.   Those who were teetering on the edge of adulthood may not have  immediately made the connection between global politics and the  disaster that was playing out on TV in real time. Yet, by the time  terrorists struck that second tower, I think a lot of people really had  begun to understand what was happening. Later, they learned that a half  a world away, a group of men who referred to themselves as al-Qaida had  made it their life's mission to murder Americans. They were doing it to  prove a point. Yes, it did leave a mark on this Nation and on our  citizens. Younger Americans' memories of that day really are fuzzier,  but almost without exception, my staff members remember what they now  describe as a sense of national unity rising up in the days following  the attacks.   They remember that every house on the street flew an American flag  and that every adult they knew stood in a line to give blood. They saw  small town first responders load up those firetrucks and emergency  vehicles and head to New York.   At the time, they really didn't understand geopolitics, but they did  understand fear and suffering because they saw that fear in the eyes of  their teachers and in the eyes of the adults who surrounded them; but  they also saw the shift that the attacks and the aftermath caused in  our country. For a time, partisanship and bitterness was washed away.  What you saw was unity, and waving flags.   Now, almost 20 years later, memories are growing fuzzy. Sometimes  they are nonexistent. Calls for unity have been replaced by heated  debate. Too often, the loudest voices look back at 9/11 as an event in  the collective memory, and they don't look at it as an occurrence that  changed lives and lifestyles forever.   They consider in passing the remnants of the attacks in debates over  foreign policy and defense spending, but ignore why we remain so  focused on national security. This is why every year, without  exception, we remind ourselves that the kind of hatred it takes to  bring an entire country to its knees gives no quarter.   We acknowledge the actions of 19 terrorists whose twisted beliefs led  to the violent murder of nearly 3,000 innocent people because even  though the panic of that awful morning has faded, our enemies' desire  to make an example of us has not. But America, with all her  [[Page S5438]]  imperfections, still thrives in utter defiance of hatred, divisiveness,  and destruction.   Today, we remember those who died, and we keep their memory as a  beacon against the void that allowed violence and terror.   We remember the heroes who defied fear and reason and ran toward the  flames, putting love of country and countrymen above all else.   And we remember and remind ourselves that by simply standing back up,  America made herself the world's best example of what it looks like  when love, hope, and valor triumph over the forces of darkness.   I yield the floor.   