 Madam President, I want to associate myself with the  comments of the Senator from Washington. She is exactly right.   We are rising today to speak about a very disturbing annual milestone  that we are once again marking today. Today is known as Equal Pay Day,  and here is what it means.   The average woman has to work 15 months just to get paid what the  average man earns in 1 year alone. The reason today is Equal Pay Day is  that it is today in the new year when the average woman finally gets  paid what the average man earned the year before. If you are a woman of  color, on average, you have to work even longer just to get paid what  the average man earns in 1 year.   It is outrageous that we still don't actually have equal pay for  equal work in this country, and it is the year 2019. It is shameful  that women all across this country are being underpaid for the hard  work they are doing every day. It is disgraceful that the gender wage  gap is as wide as it is. This is happening in a moment in our Nation's  history when women, more than ever before, are working outside the  home, when many women are the actual primary breadwinner or the sole  breadwinner for their family.   This is an alarming, glaring reminder of how badly our economy is  failing so many workers and their families all over the country. Above  all else, it is a reminder to all of us that as a country, we are still  struggling to value women. We are still struggling to protect women  from wage discrimination, pregnancy discrimination, workplace  harassment, and unfair minimum wage; that we are still struggling to  ensure that women and their families have access to paid leave,  affordable daycare. All of these things add to the gender wage gap and  make it even worse.   If a woman isn't getting paid a fair wage, the way she actually  deserves, the wage she earned by putting in the hours of hard work,  then that hurts her, her family, her children. It hurts our entire U.S.  economy. It weakens the middle class. It is bad for our country.   There is no excuse for any of this. It is something all of us should  be thinking about what we can do to correct, using our power to  correct, because the fact that we still don't have equal pay for equal  work in this country is an embarrassment.   We need equal pay for equal work, and we need it now. In this  Chamber, we have a responsibility to make sure our workplace policies  and our laws are actually protecting women, protecting their families,  and protecting our economy as a whole. One of the best ways we can  actually solve this problem is by finally passing this law. It is  common sense. It guarantees equal pay for equal work once and for all.   The good news is we already have a bill, and it is ready to go right  now. It is even bipartisan. It is called the Paycheck Fairness Act. It  has already passed the House, and the only thing stopping it right now  is the Senate. This bill would ban retaliation against workers who  discuss their wages. It would give the Department of Labor the tools  needed to enforce equal pay around this country.   Although the Senator claims we already have laws, they are not  working. So we need better enforcement. It would prohibit employers  from relying on a salary history of prospective employees when they are  deciding how much to pay them.   This bill would help end wage discrimination. It would actually make  our families, our country, and our economy stronger. Don't you want  that, Madam President?   So what are we waiting for? Congress needs to step up right now. We  need equal pay for equal work.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   