 Madam Speaker, Congress has a terrible reputation for  being too partisan, but there is one issue that has strong bipartisan  agreement in this Congress and across this country, and that is:  Fraudulent robocalls must be stopped.   I hear these concerns from my constituents in central Florida on a  regular basis. It is one of the top issues that constituents routinely  write my office about.   Americans received over 48 billion robocalls last year. Nearly half  of the calls that Americans receive are robocalls, many trying to scam  people out of their hard-earned money.   Floridians have received over 2.2 billion robocalls so far this year  alone. My hometown of Orlando is among the most targeted cities in the  country, having received nearly 350 million robocalls.   Robocalls are more than a nuisance. They pose a direct threat to  consumers.   Often disguised using fake caller IDs, like hospitals and government  agencies, robocallers attempt to trick people into providing personal  information, preying especially on our seniors.   The American people have had enough, and they are demanding swift  action from this body.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to help introduce this bill, which is a  great first step to protect Americans from robocall harassment. I urge  my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Butch Lewis Act.   Passage of this bill is vital to millions of Americans who have  worked hard and played by the rules. That includes tens of thousands of  workers and retirees who live in Florida and hundreds of workers and  retirees who reside in my Orlando area district.   I want to highlight section 4(h) of the bill, which was added at my  request between committee markup and floor consideration. This  provision requires the Pension Rehabilitation Administration to provide  an annual report to Congress on pension plans that have received a loan  under this bill and that are at risk of failing to repay interest or  principal on that loan. Such a failure would require Federal taxpayers  to absorb the cost of the loan.   This provision to increase congressional oversight will maximize the  number of plans that repay their loans and minimize the financial  burden on Federal taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Neal for working with me to  make this important change, and I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation.   