 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to raise  awareness about the open enrollment period for health insurance  marketplace coverage.   Between now and December 15, Granite Staters and Americans across the  country can enroll in healthcare plans for 2020 through the Affordable  Care Act's health insurance marketplaces. Tens of thousands of Granite  Staters and millions of Americans will be eligible for Federal premium  tax credits to help pay the cost of monthly premiums as well as  financial assistance to reduce the cost of annual deductibles. I am sad  to say the Trump administration refuses to be a reliable partner in  helping to spread the word about open enrollment.   For the third year in a row, we have an administration that has  focused on sabotaging the Affordable Care Act instead of raising  awareness for open enrollment. This administration is even focusing  resources on promoting enrollment and junk health plans that don't  provide coverage for preexisting conditions and that don't meet the  Affordable Care Act's comprehensive coverage requirements.   After failing to repeal the Affordable Care Act in the Senate, the  Trump administration is making an end-run around Congress, trying to  dismantle the ACA through regulations, administrative actions, and  lawsuits in the Federal court.   As we can see in this chart, 2 years ago, the administration cut  funding for advertising and outreach efforts to promote open enrollment  by 90 percent. The administration went from $100 million--we can see on  that bar--down to $10 million in 2017 and $10 million in 2018 and $10  million in 2019.   These advertising cuts are pennywise and pound foolish. They are part  of the administration's concerted attempt to keep Americans in the dark  about what their insurance options are.   Federal advertising on television and through digital platforms and  other media is critical to drawing a healthy and balanced mix of  consumers into the marketplace. In fact, research shows that  California's State-level investments in marketing and advertising for  open enrollment generated a 3-to-1 return on investment through lower  premiums from a more balanced risk pool.   By refusing to adequately promote open enrollment, the administration  is forcing our insurance markets to miss out on an opportunity to  improve the markets, to lower premiums for consumers, and to ensure a  healthy health insurance market--no pun intended--throughout this  country.   That is why I introduced the MORE Health Education Act--to restore  those health insurance marketplace advertising dollars and to increase  outreach funding back to the $100 million a year. My bill would also  prohibit the administration from using any of these funds to promote  short-term plans or junk plans--plans that don't comply with the  Affordable Care Act's requirements for preexisting condition  protections among many other provisions that provide real insurance  coverage for people who need it.   The Congressional Budget Office projects that approximately 500,000  more people would enroll in the health insurance marketplace or  Medicaid coverage each year as a result of my legislation. That is half  a million people who would be insured and be able to better take care  of themselves and their families, and they would have access to primary  care, to preventive services, and to a wide variety of other services  they need and that they would be afforded under the essential health  benefits of the Affordable Care Act.   My bill would also result in a reduction in marketplace premiums  thanks to the increased enrollment from a more balanced risk pool. It  would be a win-win all around.   Mr. President, at this time, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 455 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Reserving the right to object, let me say that I agree  with my colleague that we need more transparency in healthcare pricing.  I would argue that one of the places we most need that transparency is  when it comes to the price of prescription drugs.   As I am sure my colleague knows, the cost of prescription drugs is  probably the biggest cost driver right now in increases in  healthcare. Yet we in Congress and the Centers for Medicare and  Medicaid are stymied because they can't negotiate with the big drug  companies to lower the prices of prescription drugs and to make that  more transparent to consumers.    The Veterans' Administration can negotiate for the cost of  prescription drugs. If you talk to any veteran about the cost of their  prescription drugs and compare them to what people are paying in the  marketplace, there is a huge difference because they have that ability  to negotiate.   I am sure that at some point we could probably find some agreement on  transparency that would make sense. I think what my colleague is  proposing is not something that has had a chance to go through the HELP  Committee and, therefore, would need a further look. I would want to  know what hospitals in New Hampshire, the doctors, consumers, and the  insurance department in my State would have to say about that. Until I  find that out, I would have to object to what my colleague is  proposing, but I hope we could work together to address the challenges  that my constituents--and I am sure his constituents--are facing  because of the cost of healthcare.   He talked about the failure of the Affordable Care Act. Actually, in  New Hampshire, we have over 90,000 people who have now gotten coverage  for health insurance because of the Affordable Care Act. Through the  expansion of Medicaid, we have reduced the number of uninsured in New  Hampshire to half the number we had before we passed the Affordable  Care Act.   What my legislation would do is help people understand what the  filing period is and how to sign up for the Affordable Care Act and  health insurance.   In fact, under the Affordable Care Act as it exists now, according to  estimates from the administration, approximately 54 percent of Granite  Staters who are shopping for coverage on healthcare.gov are eligible  for a plan with net monthly premiums of less than $75, after accounting  for tax credits, and nearly 40 percent of Granite Staters shopping on  healthcare.gov can find a plan with net monthly premiums under $10.   Now, the cautionary note is that when constituents of mine or in  Indiana or anywhere else in the country are shopping for plans, they  need to watch out for those short-term, limited-duration insurance  plans--what are commonly called junk plans--because they are not  required to cover preexisting conditions. I was pleased to hear my  colleague from Indiana say that for existing conditions, coverage is  important.   Those junk plans are not required to provide coverage for essential  health benefits, like maternity care, prescription drugs, and mental  health services. If you don't pay very careful attention when you go on  the healthcare.gov website, you can be redirected to third-party  insurance broker sites that sell both junk plans and ACA-compliant  marketplace plans. That creates further confusion for customers. What  we heard is that those insurance brokers are able to charge multiple  times the price for those plans for their fee than they are for plans  under the Affordable Care Act.   The administration has been allowing these links to redirect  consumers to sites that sell junk plans, even though the ACA expressly  prohibits any health insurance exchange from making available any plans  that are not qualified health plans under the Affordable Care Act.   A number of my colleagues and I have been pressing the administration  to conduct better oversight of brokers to ensure that healthcare.gov  customers are not being sold junk plans.   I urge consumers, when they go on the website, to make sure they stay  on the healthcare.gov website or their State's official health  insurance exchange website when they are shopping for coverage. Be  careful when you click on links that provide assistance from third- party insurance brokers.   I encourage Granite Staters and people across this country who need  health insurance coverage to take a look at their options between now  and December 15, during this year's open enrollment period. There is  still time to enroll. It is important to tell your friends and  neighbors and your family members who may not know about open  enrollment because the amount of money available for outreach has been  reduced so dramatically.   When the administration was trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act  and this Senate voted, Americans across the country made their voices  heard. Now we need that same level of engagement to raise awareness of  this year's open enrollment and overcome this administration's sabotage  of the ACA.   Thank you. And if it was not clear earlier, I object.   