 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I wanted to speak for a few minutes  today to talk a little bit about rural healthcare and to ask my  colleagues for help in protecting the 20 percent of Americans who live  in rural areas who are in danger of losing--or may have lost entirely-- access to healthcare in their communities.   Since 2010, 118 rural hospitals have shut their doors. Fourteen of  those facilities are in my State of Tennessee. Medical practitioners  are paying attention to this trend and, more often than not, choose  stability in the cities and suburbs over the uphill battle that comes  with practicing medicine without access to the funding and modern  resources many clinics now take for granted. As a result, rural  patients are left to suffer through illnesses or emergencies or  sacrifice time, money, and mileage for even the chance of a diagnosis.  This system is broken, but this year, I have been able, by working with  my colleagues on each side of the aisle, to kind of pick up the pieces  around this.   I have a three-bill rural health agenda, which comes at the direct  request of smalltown mayors and local leaders who are struggling in my  State to keep these communities afloat. Last week, my fellow  Tennesseans, Congressmen Kustoff and Roe, introduced House companions  to all three pieces of legislation.   I will tell you, I have been talking to Tennesseans, and they want my  colleagues in the Senate to know what we should do about this issue. If  you have never lived in a rural area, hearing someone talk about  driving 20 or 30 minutes to the nearest doctor probably really doesn't  seem like a problem to you. But in the country, 30 minutes away  translates into miles of driving through isolated areas. Chances are  good that you will not even have cell service for part of that drive.  There are no EMTs or rapid response teams. And if there is a local  doctor, he or she may not have any specialized expertise, which could  spell disaster for patients dealing with a complicated diagnosis.   The first component of the agenda is the Telehealth Across State  Lines Act, which would lead to the creation of uniform, national best  practices for the provision of telemedicine across State lines and set  up a grant program to expand existing telehealth programs and  incentivize the adoption of telehealth by Medicare and Medicaid  Programs. But implementation of telehealth will not eliminate the need  for face-to-face interactions between patients and doctors.   This leads us to another problem. Rural communities keep themselves  afloat on strapped budgets, which means that plans to open as much as a  bare-bones urgent care facility can be derailed by all the startup  costs. The Rural Health Innovation Act--the second part of the agenda-- features two grant programs. The first one will fund the expansion of  existing healthcare centers--such as local nursing homes--into urgent  care walk-in clinics. Facilities will be able to use grant money to  purchase equipment, hire physicians, physician assistants, nurse  practitioners, and other essential staff.   A second grant program will expand rural health departments to meet  urgent care and triage needs. This is using programs that already  exist, tailoring them to the needs of rural America.   Of course, this points out the third issue: Expanded facilities are  useless if there are no medical personnel. I have been working on this  problem with my friend from Illinois, Senator Durbin, and he spoke  about this on the floor a few minutes ago. We recognized from the  beginning that throwing money and equipment at an updated facility will  not convince medical professionals to establish a rural practice, so we  wrote the Rural America Health Corps Act to encourage practitioners to  set up shop in rural areas. The bill creates a new student loan  repayment program that doctors and other medical professionals can take  advantage of. In exchange for those loan payments, they will have to  agree to serve for at least 5 years in a rural area with a health  [[Page S6384]]  professional shortage, but the benefit comes tax-free.   I have spoken to rural communities all across my State. I know  Senator Durbin has talked across the State of Illinois. I will tell you  that these bills don't simply address a matter of convenience. My  fellow Tennesseans want my colleagues to know they aren't just  frustrated with the long drives and unanswered questions. They are  worried that their child's cough will turn into pneumonia before they  are allowed a full day off from work to drive to a pediatrician. They  have no idea what they would do if they were diagnosed with an illness  that requires continuous care.   They do, however, know what would probably happen if someone they  love suffered a heart attack or had another major emergency. They are  very fearful.   If these bills pass, they will no longer have to live with the  knowledge that they have been abandoned by our healthcare system. They  will have access to healthcare in their communities.   I ask my colleagues to let these people know that yes, indeed,  somebody is listening, and I ask them to do so by cosponsoring Senate  bills 2406, 2408, and 2411.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the  Tapp nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified  of the Senate's action.    Thank you, Madam President.   This weekend, thousands of Tennesseans and, of course, millions  across this Nation are going to pause and give thanks for our veterans.  Quite frankly, this is something we should be doing every single day.  [[Page S6385]]    I am just amazed and so grateful that there are men and women, like  the Presiding Officer, who have worn the uniform and who have served-- brave men and women who wake up every day in some of the most dangerous  places on the face of the Earth and do a job that would bring many of  us to our knees. We look at this and say it is basically impossible.   When our veterans have done their part and come home, they find  themselves facing another set of struggles. The challenges the veterans  face are well documented, and we hear about them: long waits and long  lines at VA hospitals and clinics, long recoveries from battle wounds  that they have suffered, and severe emotional and mental health  struggles that, if left untreated, could end in tragedy. There are  systems in place to help our returning heroes. We just need to be using  these correctly.   Earlier this year, the VA OIG--Office of Inspector General--released  a report showing that the agency's system for keeping track of  controlled prescriptions had almost entirely broken down. Think about  that. We are in the middle of an opioid crisis in this country. There  is a system in place, but the VA's system for keeping track of all of  these prescriptions had almost entirely broken down. This is truly  unacceptable.   Pretty much what is happening is this: The State-operated  prescription drug monitoring program--or PDMP--contains valuable  information about what drugs veterans are being prescribed outside of  the VA healthcare system. VA clinicians are supposed to check this  database before prescribing opioid-based and other controlled  medications to make sure their patients--that patient in front of them,  that veteran in front of them--are not receiving too many pills from  multiple sources.   Get this. That Office of Inspector General report--the OIG report-- showed that 73 percent of our VA patients who were prescribed opioids  walked out of the pharmacy, medication in hand, without a VA clinician  ever having performed the minimum required checks. So the system is  there. It could be utilized, but what happens? The clinician gives the  prescription but never checks the database in 73 percent of the cases.   This failure to follow through puts 19 percent of those patients at  risk for problems with their care coordination, and almost half of  those VA patients were under long-term care for chronic pain and were  at a higher risk for opioid-use disorder and overdose.   We hear about these reports time and again, and we say: How in the  world could this possibly happen? How could this be acceptable? It is  not.   We look at how it has happened, and here is what we found out. It  happened because the VA didn't make the rules clear enough.   Get this. Officials highly recommended that clinicians submit a PDMP  query, but they didn't explicitly state that it was required under  existing VHA directives, and there were no national oversight controls  to act as a backstop. So the rule is there, but a bureaucrat, a  clinician, says: Well, they recommend it, but it is not required, so I  will skirt that.   Along with their report, the OIG handed the VA a laundry list of  recommendations, including directives to develop national oversight  programs, better train their clinicians--that one should be an  imperative--and embed accountability checks into the technology used to  track patient care. VA officials have submitted now-approved corrective  action plans, and we thank the VA Secretary for this. It is our job to  make sure that they do follow through with this.   The lack of organization that turned VA clinics into unwitting pill  pushers has made it almost impossible for veterans to seek help during  times of mental and emotional distress.   In September, the VA published a report that confirmed our worst  fears. As of 2017, there has been no significant change in veteran  suicide rates. In 2017, the suicide rate for veterans in Tennessee hit  32.6 percent, which is significantly higher than the overall national  suicide rate. It will take more than 1 day of recognition to fix this.  It is going to take commitment and an all-hands-on-deck approach.   I am an original cosponsor of the Improve Well-Being for Veterans  Act, which will help vets connect to the over 50,000 existing suicide  prevention programs that are ready and waiting to be helpful. The bill  will also give regulators a tool to measure how effective these  programs are. It is a good start, but it is not enough.   Earlier this year, President Trump launched the PREVENTS Initiative,  and we thank him for this attention to the needs of our veterans.  PREVENTS establishes a cabinet-level task force responsible for finding  the root causes of disconnect between veterans and helpful services  from the VA and private organizations. Their job is to develop a  strategy for Federal, State, and community leaders to engage with  veterans, improve research and access to resources, and work from the  ground up to prevent suicide.   Here is the caveat: This will work only if we remain in constant  contact with veterans back home and use those interactions to find the  cracks that veterans continue to fall through.   For years, we have listened to frustrated complaints from agency  officials insisting that untangling the VA's procedural knots is an  exercise in futility. Sometimes you hear: Well, it just can't be done.  We do things this way because we have always done things this way. That  is not necessarily true. We do them because oversight has not been  exercised.   It is time for all of us--not just lawmakers and rulemakers--to  finally accept that ``honoring their service''--honoring the service of  these heroes--means helping these heroes heal when they need it and not  leaving them at the mercy of a broken and bloated bureaucracy.   I yield the floor.   