 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mr. McCaul, for  yielding to me and for his strong support on this piece of legislation,  along with the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Engel, for bringing  H.R. 1632, the Southeast Asia Strategy Act, to a vote.   I also thank Congressman Castro for his persistent support of U.S.- ASEAN relations, and I urge my colleagues to join us in passing this  important, straightforward, and commonsense piece of legislation.   Southeast Asia is of deep strategic and economic importance to the  United States, and its global influence is, in fact, growing.   In 2015, the United States and ASEAN elevated our relationship into a  strategic partnership. To fully realize this partnership, the U.S.  needs a proactive, coherent regional strategy that addresses all  aspects of the relationship, from trade and humanitarian goals to  diplomatic and security arrangements.   The Southeast Asia Strategy Act ensures that it is the policy of the  United States to coordinate with ASEAN and its member states in the  interest of promoting peace, security, and stability.   The legislation instructs the Secretary of State to develop a  comprehensive strategy for engagement with the region, including  information on alliances and partnerships, investment, development,  security cooperation, energy security, human rights, and capacity  building on enforcing international law and sanctions and creating more  open, reliable routes for trade.   I have had many opportunities to meet with ASEAN officials and  foreign ministers, and one message I hear repeatedly is that the United  States must demonstrate strength and leadership.   Congress should listen closely to our allies demanding stronger  leadership, and not just because China would be sure to fill any vacuum  in power.   ASEAN is a powerhouse and an end in itself, and this bill will ensure  that U.S.-ASEAN engagement becomes ever more fruitful.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Southeast Asia  Strategy Act.   