 Mr. Chairman, I thank Mrs. Maloney, the chair of the  Investor Protection, Entrepreneurship, and Capital Markets  Subcommittee, for her support on this bill. I also thank Senator Peters  and Representative McNerney for their work on the Outsourcing  Accountability Act.   Last December, Wells Fargo in my district laid off 400 workers,  claiming it was due to technological advances. But I heard from dozens  of laid-off employees who were directed to train their replacements  overseas. Across the country, corporations are shipping jobs overseas,  leaving American workers high and dry, just to benefit their bottom  line.   What is worse is that corporations aren't even required to disclose  when they are laying off hardworking Americans by moving jobs overseas.  Currently, when corporations submit their annual reports, they are only  required to disclose the total number of employees, not where they are  located. This makes it far too easy for companies to hide when they are  laying off American workers and moving those jobs overseas.   It also makes it easier for corporations to deceive the public about  inaccurate job creation. If a company lays off 500 workers in Iowa and  then hires 1,000 of them in India, their annual report would show that  they added 500 jobs when, in reality, hardworking Iowans are left  unemployed, wondering how they are going to pay their bills.   Employees who lose their jobs due to overseas trade are eligible for  Trade Adjustment Assistance, or TAA. This program provides laid-off  American workers with support and training to find a new job. But  workers are only eligible for this assistance if they can certify that  their job has been outsourced, which can be very difficult if a company  is lying about outsourcing.   Far too often, companies are more concerned with protecting their  public image than protecting workers and are reluctant to notify laid- off workers that their job has been outsourced. We have seen this  happen time and time again.   My bill, the Outsourcing Accountability Act, would simply require  public companies to include in their annual report where their  employees are located by State and country. This will disincentivize  companies from outsourcing, and it will certainly disincentivize them  from lying to employees and the public about it. If a company knows  that information will be disclosed, they will think twice about such  unpopular actions. Not only will this help disincentivize the practice  of outsourcing and protect American jobs, but it will give investors  and consumers the information they need to identify companies that are  supporting American jobs.   I know some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said  this is  [[Page H8235]]  too burdensome for companies. If a corporation isn't already tracking  where in the world their employees are located, then for God's sake,  they have bigger problems than this legislation.   One of the most difficult things about trying to address outsourcing  and offshoring is that it is so hard to get information about how many  jobs it affects. This is a commonsense reporting bill that will  increase transparency and accountability on a practice that is  contributing to unemployment across this country, and it doesn't even  cost the taxpayers a dime.   I have heard from dozens of Iowans in my district who are looking at  their expenses and wondering how they are going to get through the  month. They are wondering this because they have been laid off by their  employer that claimed technological advances only to then train  employees to replace them overseas.   I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to go back home  to their districts and talk to their constituents who are struggling to  pay their bills or put food on the table because their jobs have been  shipped overseas. Go back home. Ask them if they elected you to fight  for American jobs or for multinational corporations.   Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the bill.    Mr. Chair, as a new Member of Congress, there is a lot of  learning to be done. But what I can tell you from listening to this  debate this morning is that I am always astounded at how we can't come  together to find common ground to help people in this country, and that  is simply what this bill does.   This amendment proposed by my colleague is, quite simply, designed to  exempt the vast majority of companies from the Outsourcing  Accountability Act and leave the disclosures exactly as they are now,  and I fail to see any logic behind saying that companies that disclose  their CEO pay ratio or whether they are using conflict minerals should  be exempt from the disclosures in this bill. It has nothing to do with  it.   The disclosures in my bill are meant to show if a corporation is  truly supporting American jobs or if they are shipping them overseas.   If my colleague doesn't want to know where that information is and  how many companies are shipping jobs overseas in the companies that he  is investing in, then he should just simply say so.   I know some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have  brought up that there could be good reasons to add jobs overseas.  Nothing in this bill prevents companies from explaining that. If a  company is opening new retail stores abroad, they can simply say that.  The same goes for any other reason.   This bill is very simple. It simply requires the companies to  disclose to the public information that they already have about what in  country their employees are located. This amendment would remove that  requirement, leaving companies free to continue to hide that  information.   A vote for this amendment is really a vote against the bill itself.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject this unproductive  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as written, my colleague's amendment would  severely limit the Outsourcing Accountability Act and continue to leave  companies in charge of whether or not they tell the public about  outsourcing.   Corporations are already going to great lengths to cover it up, and  if they are moving jobs overseas, why would they voluntarily disclose  it in their annual report?   My colleague mentioned that this is the straw that broke the camel's  back. I can tell you that these companies are already tracking this  information. We have to pay workers; therefore, they know exactly where  they are located.   I have done this work in my past. I have been involved with human  resources and organizational development for my entire career. I have  tracked this kind of information. All it takes is programming and a  push of the button to make sure that that information comes out.   I would like to also talk about the WARN Act because the WARN Act  does not require disclosure of whether layoffs are due to outsourcing.  That is exactly why we need this information, so workers can get that  Trade Adjustment Assistance they need to put food on the table to feed  their children and keep their lights on.   These disclosures are intended to find out if a corporation is truly  creating American jobs or if, instead, they are just moving them  overseas. This amendment, just like the last one, would leave things  just as they are now, with corporations able to share that information  only if they decide to do so.   That situation has left us with, frankly, insufficient data about  outsourcing as a general practice and minimal transparency about which  corporations are creating American jobs.   I urge my colleagues to reject this unproductive amendment.   