 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to sound once  again the alarm against Republicans' efforts to throw the lives of  millions of families into chaos and uncertainty and to urge my  colleagues to reverse course and join Democrats to protect people's  healthcare before it is too late.   A few weeks ago, President Trump and Republican attorneys general  argued in court to create a healthcare crisis for families in our  country. If Republicans win their blatantly partisan lawsuit, the  consequences could be sweeping and devastating. Tens of millions of  people who have healthcare coverage through Medicaid Expansion or the  exchanges could lose it, as could many young adults who are on their  parents' insurance.   Over 100 million people with preexisting conditions could lose  protections that stop insurance companies from charging them more,  excluding benefits they need or denying them coverage entirely.  Patients could lose protections that require insurers to cover  essential health benefits like prescription drug costs, maternity care,  emergency care, or mental healthcare and more. Limits on how much  patients have to pay out of pocket could go away, while lifetime and  annual caps on patients' benefits could come back even to those insured  through their employers.   Republicans have refused to acknowledge what is actually at stake now  for the patients and families whose health they are putting at risk,  and they have made it all too clear that despite the horrible  consequences they are setting up, despite the lives they are throwing  needlessly into jeopardy, Republicans are going to go full steam ahead  with this reckless lawsuit to strike down healthcare for millions and  without any plan to do anything if they win.   Some Republicans have tried to dodge this fact by saying they will  figure it out after they win. That is an incredibly telling and  incredibly alarming position. It is about as comforting as an arsonist  telling you he will rebuild your house after he burns it down.   Let's be clear. Republicans have no plans for the patients who lose  their coverage, no plans for the families who will see their healthcare  costs go up, and no plans for people nationwide who rely on these  protections for preexisting conditions that could be taken away. They  have no plan for all the people who will be hurt by the damage they are  fighting to cause, and families expect better. They deserve better.   This is not rocket science. People want us to protect their  healthcare, not take it away. They want us to bring healthcare costs  down, not send them certainly higher. They want us to fight for them,  not against them.   Republicans have made the wrong choice time and again. So I call on  my Republican colleagues to stop this chaos and work with us. Let's  fight for patients before it is too late. The clock is ticking, and  patients and families are watching closely. If Republicans in the Trump  administration refuse to end this partisan lawsuit, families and  patients will be the ones who suffer the consequences, and they will  not forget the Republicans who stood by and cheered and let it happen.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   