 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I commend my friend, the Congressman from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes) for offering one of the most significant  reforms to our election system in a generation. I am particularly  pleased that H.R. 1 puts redistricting in the hands of independent  commissions, where it belongs.   Under the bill, each State will create 15-person independent  redistricting commissions that represent the public's interests first  and foremost, without consideration of political party advantage.   However, to prevent the real or perceived risk of bias, H.R. 1  excludes several categories of people from serving  [[Page H2565]]  on these commissions, including political candidates or officeholders,  campaign officials, big donors, and lobbyists.   My amendment would simply add to this list those individuals who are  registered agents under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, FARA.   FARA has been in law since the 1930s. It requires disclosure when an  individual is acting as a political representative of foreign  governments.   As with H.R. 1's current exclusions, adding foreign agents will help  ensure that those serving on the independent redistricting commissions  are not at risk of actual or perceived conflicts of interest.   Coming from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, which gave our Nation  the term ``gerrymander,'' I am pleased that H.R. 1 will put an end to  this device by allowing voters to choose their representatives rather  than the other way around.   My amendment aims to close a loophole by ensuring that registered  foreign agents, like lobbyists and big donors, may not serve on  redistricting commissions.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren).    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Illinois. I  also look forward to working in a bipartisan way to restore our  government to the people.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment. I urge a ``yes'' on H.R. 1.  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, under current law, our brave men and women  serving our country in uniform are able to maintain their residency  status for the purposes of voting during deployment. Current law also  protects voting residency status if a spouse of a servicemember is  absent from their State in order to accompany the servicemember on a  deployment.  [[Page H2566]]    However, current law does not protect the residency status of a  spouse if he or she is absent but without accompanying the deployed  servicemember.   My amendment fixes this loophole. It will ensure that these spouses  may maintain their voting residency status, regardless of whether they  accompany their spouse. Moreover, my amendment would extend the same  protection to voting-age dependents.   The absence of a servicemember who is deployed can be an enormous  hardship on a family. It means a caregiver is no longer at home to  share in parenting duties. In these cases, it is natural to rely upon  friends and family, even those in another State, for support. However,  these families should not lose the right to vote in their home district  if they are absent while their spouse is deployed. Furthermore, my  amendment extends those same protections to voting-age children.   This is an amendment about ensuring those who sacrifice the most for  the defense of our Nation are treated fairly and that they have a voice  and a vote in our elections.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren).    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Illinois once  again. I thank the gentlewoman from California. She made this easy on  me, and I appreciate that.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   