 Mr. President, I rise this evening to pay tribute to  all the men and women who have worn our Nation's uniform in defense of  our freedom. Veterans Day is a deeply meaningful day for our Nation.  Our country sets this day aside to honor her servicemembers.   In Nebraska, we remember the sacrifices of our own heroes. We admire  the courage required to leave your home in Nebraska and serve America  in her hour of need. It was over 100 years ago, at the 11th hour, on  the 11th day, during the 11th month of the year that the roars of  battle in World War I fell silent. Since then, Nebraskans and all  Americans have come together every year to renew our appreciation for  our Nation's heroes. We pledge that no matter how much time has passed,  we will never forget their valor, their service, and their  selflessness.   In June, it was one of the greatest honors of my life to gather at  freedom's altar in Normandy, France, to commemorate the 75th  anniversary of D-day. I was overwhelmed with both gratitude and pride  for our men and women who ensure that our freedom lives on, and evil is  vanquished.   Now, 75 years earlier, minutes from where I was standing, Omaha's own  CPL Ed Morrissette arrived at the beaches of Normandy with the 6th  Infantry Regiment. As the Omaha World Herald reports, ``He leaped over  the side of the landing craft into shoulder-deep water, carrying a roll  of communications wire.''   Morrissette recalled holding the wire and his rifle above the water  as he waded through, dodging an onslaught of enemy artillery fire. By  the grace of God, he completed his mission, and he survived the  Normandy invasion.   Corporal Morrissette continued fighting for our Nation in France and  Germany. Following the war, his career as a civilian engineer  eventually led him to Offutt Air Force Base. Recently, his courage and  his dedication were recognized.   At the age of 96, the Government of France awarded Corporal  Morrissette the highest military or civilian medal--the French Legion  of Honor. Corporal Morrissette's story inspires all of us to remember  that our duty to honor our Nation's heroes is never finished. The  responsibility falls to all of us to listen to their stories and to  carry them on. Not only do we honor our troops with our words, we  salute them with our actions.   Nebraskans have always taken this to heart. It is why you read  stories like that of Chuck Ogle from Kearney. He was a pilot in the  498th U.S. Army Medical Corps air ambulance company during the Tet  Offensive in Vietnam. Every single day, he carries with him a list of  his 14 fellow servicemembers who were killed in action. It is why you  see stories of hero flights for Nebraska veterans to visit Washington,  DC.   Last October, a plane carried 80 Korean veterans from Hall County to  our Nation's Capital to visit the monuments dedicated to their service.  This marked the 10th flight for the county's veterans to Washington.  Now, every living veteran in Hall County has been given the opportunity  to make this trip. It is why over the last few years business leaders  and members of the Omaha community rallied around the goal of building  a new ambulatory clinic at the Omaha VA hospital.    In response to delays to update the aging Omaha VA facility, I  introduced and President Obama signed into law the CHIP IN for Vets Act  in 2016. The bill allows control of VA projects to be placed where it  should be--back in the hands of local communities. It allows  communities like Omaha to take the lead on new projects by permitting  the VA to accept private contributions to ensure VA projects are  finished both on time and on budget. Omaha's community and business  leaders came up with this idea in the first place, and they have  delivered.   Construction began on a new ambulatory center on the Omaha VA campus  in May of 2018. After the original cost estimate of $120 million, the  Government Accountability Office released a preliminary report that  found that the implementation of the CHIP IN for Vets Act would reduce  the total estimated cost to $86 million. The report projected that the  new facility is now $34 million under budget and it is 4\1/2\ months  ahead of schedule.   In the same report, a VA official stated that because of the agency's  current major construction backlog, the CHIP IN approach allowed work  on the Omaha project to begin at least 5 years sooner than it would  have under a normal process. Now Nebraska's veterans may get the  quality of care they need and deserve earlier than expected. The  success of this project is a testament to the deep respect and  admiration Nebraskans have for our veterans.   Scripture encourages us to pay our dues wherever they may be. If  someone is due respect, show them respect. If honor is due, honor them.  The amount of honor and respect our State and Nation owe our veterans  is something we can never fully repay. Our country could not live on  without their service and sacrifice.   I want to sincerely thank our veterans for their service when our  country needed it the most.   Whether it was in the trenches of Europe while liberating a continent  from evil or in the Pacific theater during World War II or stopping the  threat of communism in Korea or Vietnam or defending our Nation against  terrorism in Iraq and Afghanistan, the rescue of human freedom began  with you. I can promise you that America will never forget your  incredible courage and patriotism, and we will continue to strive to be  worthy of the freedom that burns brighter today because of your  service. On behalf of all Nebraskans and a grateful country, thank you.   May God bless our Nation's veterans and their families, and may God  bless the United States of America.   I yield the floor.   