 Mr. Speaker, I am rising today to speak against the rule  for H.R. 1585. Domestic violence is a major problem in our communities  and throughout our country. I am in complete support of providing all  the resources needed to the victims of abuse and for the law  enforcement that protects these vulnerable women.   What could have been an opportunity to work together as a unified  House of Representatives and to provide a great bill that we can all be  proud of, our colleagues across the aisle dismissed our input on during  the legislative process, silenced our voices, and put forth a bill  which strikes the unique balance of overreaching where it is  unnecessary and underperforming where resources are needed the most.    I don't dispute that my Democrat colleagues are well-intentioned with  their legislation, but they missed the mark. In this bill, they diluted  important funds meant to help the victims, handcuffed our law  enforcement, and reduced their effectiveness. Additionally, they have  taken a bipartisan issue and used it to weaken the Second Amendment,  reduce religious freedoms, and even possibly cause further harm to  victims.   As a woman, a wife, and a mother, as well as a grandmother, who  represents a State where one in three women are victims of domestic  violence, I say with assurance that my Republican colleagues are  committed to reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act in a way that  preserves and strengthens the law, provides the needed support for  victims of domestic abuse, and strengthens our judicial system. We want  to work together on this issue which affects so many people around the  country. We can put forth a good bill together.   I have often said that good governance is finding the issues that we  can all agree upon, Republicans and Democrats alike, and put aside our  differences to come together, solve the problem, and make this country  better.    So, put aside our differences to come together, solve  the problem, and make this country better than before we got here. This  could have been that chance. We can do better.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against the rule and vote  against the underlying bill.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak against H.R. 1585. I  stand before you as a woman, a wife, a mother, and a grandmother. I  represent a State where one in three women experience domestic  violence. This is a scourge on our society and must stop.   The Violence Against Women Act should have one clear goal, to protect  women from domestic abuse. Any solution put forward must provide law  enforcement and the justice system with the tools to do this to the  best of their ability, and to keep this objective free from partisan  manipulation, dilution of resources, or political games. Unfortunately,  this bill does not do that.   My Republican colleagues, under the leadership of Ranking Member  Collins and Mrs. Lesko, who has been a recipient of domestic violence,  have sought to come together with our friends across the aisle to find  a bipartisan solution to help women, to no avail.   Now is not the time to play politics. This is an issue where we can  and should find common ground. It is not the time to hold the safety of  women as a bargaining chip against infringements on religious liberty  or weakening of the Second Amendment. We can and must do better.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this legislation and come  together to pass a bill that protects women, instead of trying to use  it as a political pawn.   