 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Cole for yielding me the time.   Madam Speaker, God takes us on journeys in our life, and about 30  years ago I was married to an abusive ex-husband. When I finally left  him, there were times in my life when I had no money and no place to  live.   And I tell you what, I never dreamed in a million years that I would  be standing here today as a Congresswoman in the United States House of  Representatives.   And I tell you what, I never would have believed that I would be  standing here talking about impeachment of a President of the United  States.   I serve on the Judiciary Committee. I also serve on the Rules  Committee. I have spent hours and hours reading transcripts, looking at  documents, hearing testimony, and I can tell you one thing: I believe  this is the most unfair, politically biased, rigged process that I have  seen in my entire life.   Here are the facts: There is no proof, none, that the President has  committed an impeachable offense. Not one of the Democrat witnesses was  able to establish that the President committed bribery, treason, or  high crimes and misdemeanors as required in the U.S. Constitution.   And as I have said before, the Democrats are really undermining their  own argument here because 17 out of the 24 Democrat members on the  Judiciary Committee voted here on this floor to put forward, move  forward Articles of Impeachment on July 17 of this year before  President Trump's call even took place. And five out of the nine Rules  Committee members that are Democrats did the same thing.   So if your argument is that this phone call is the main reason for  this impeachable offense, why did you vote for impeachment, moving  impeachment forward before the call even took place?   The process has been rigged from the start. Other Members have told  you. Never in the history of the United States have we had an  impeachment that has gone through the Intelligence Committee in closed- door hearings where a Member of the Judiciary Committee, myself, wasn't  even able to ask one single question of a fact witness. The whole thing  has been rigged, been unfair.   In the process that you had set forth you made sure that the  President didn't have any right to have his counsel there until  Judiciary, but by then it was too late. It was too late because there  were no fact witnesses allowed in Judiciary. So I couldn't even ask a  question, nor could the President.   This is the most partisan impeachment in the history of the United  States. Not one Republican voted for it in the Judiciary Committee, not  one Republican voted for it in the Rules Committee, and not one  Republican, I don't think, is going to vote for it here today.   Madam Speaker, this is a sad day. I believe the Democrats are tearing  this country apart. They are tearing families apart.   May God continue to bless all of you. May God continue to bless the  President of the United States. And may God continue to bless our great  Nation.    Madam Speaker, as you all know, I serve on both the  Judiciary Committee and Rules Committee, and I have literally spent  hours--hours--poring over testimony, looking at documents, sitting in  hearings.   And do you know the conclusion I got from all of that? This  impeachment is a total joke and a total sham. And let me tell you one  of the reasons why I think that.   All of those witnesses, the 17 witnesses that the Democrats brought  forward, not one single one of them was able to establish that  President Trump committed bribery, treason, high crimes, or  misdemeanors, which is required in the U.S. Constitution.   And, again, 17 out of 24 Democrat Members on the Judiciary Committee  voted on this floor to move forward Articles of Impeachment before the  phone call, and five out of nine Rules Committee Democrat Members did  the same thing.   So, if the main part of your impeachment is the call, why did you  vote for impeachment prior to the call?   I also want to remind the American public and others that, for 2  years, Adam Schiff claimed he had proof--proof--that President Trump  had colluded with Russia. That turned out to be false.   And then, overnight, it was obstruction of justice, then quid pro  quo, then bribery, then extortion, and the list goes on; yet, not one  of those is listed in the Articles of Impeachment.   To my Democrat colleagues, Madam Speaker, I say: Please stop tearing  the country apart. Stop this sham.   