 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman McGovern for yielding me  the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, we find ourselves on the floor, yet again, to consider a  rule for a piece of legislation that is nothing more than another  messaging bill against the President of the United States.   This new Democratic majority has spent nearly 20 percent--20  percent--of the time debating bills on the floor that are nonbinding  messaging pieces of legislation. H.R. 9 is just another example of this  majority's intent on messaging against the President and the lack of  any true agenda for the American people.   The reality is that we all want clean air, clean water, and a healthy  environment. Who doesn't? However, this bill isn't the solution.   Addressing environmental policy should not include extreme policies  like the Green New Deal, nor should it involve binding ourselves to  international agreements that put the United States at a disadvantage  to its main security and economic competitors in the world, and with no  regard to cost for American consumers and ratepayers.   Republicans have a better approach. We can protect our environment by  promoting policies favoring clean energy, like nuclear, hydropower,  natural gas, wind, solar, and carbon capture, and removing barriers to  the deployment of new technologies and innovation.   The United States is already leading the world in reducing greenhouse  gas emissions through innovation and technological development. Between  2000 and 2014, in fact, the U.S. reduced emissions more than 18  percent.   We should be focused on continuing to reduce emissions, developing  and exporting clean energy technologies, and making our communities  more resilient, all while ensuring affordable and reliable energy  prices and prioritizing the consumer and American security and  prosperity.   We have serious questions concerning costs, effectiveness, and the  feasibility of the U.S. commitments made by the Obama administration  under the Paris Agreement 4 years ago. Even then-Secretary of State  Kerry noted during the Paris negotiations that if the United States cut  its CO2 emissions to zero, it would still not offset the  emissions coming from the rest of the world.   The Obama administration's commitments in Paris were made without a  clear plan to meet those promises, without a full view of the costs to  American consumers, and, certainly, without a strategy that had broad  bipartisan support of Congress.   If H.R. 9 were enacted into law, it would put the United States into  a position where it could not enforce any other country's action and  would put us at a disadvantage.   I have heard from some of my Democratic colleagues that their energy  policies are good for consumers, that it creates many jobs and benefits  the economy. When they argue this, they point to States like  California, with their renewable energy mandates.   However, California finds itself in the precarious situation where it  actually pays Arizona to take their energy. This is not good energy or  economic policy.    If Democrats were serious about solving big problems for the American  people, they would partner and work across the aisle to find bipartisan  solutions that they knew would have a chance to pass in the U.S. Senate  and be signed by the President.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), my good friend and the Republican whip.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), my good friend and the ranking member of the Rules  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Cole).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Newhouse), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Kelly), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Duncan), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how many minutes I  have remaining.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to the rule to provide additional consideration of H. Res.  109, the notorious Green New Deal.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, it is about time that the American people  know where Members of Congress stand on this radical proposal of the  Green New Deal, which will change nearly every aspect of Americans'  lives. Even the sponsor of this legislation has requested hearings on  this proposal since the Speaker and the Democratic leadership refuse to  give the Green New Deal any legislative hearings. I would like to lay  out some of it here.   Estimations show energy bills under the Green New Deal would spike by  as much as $3,800 per year, per family.   The resolution calls for upgrading all--all--existing buildings in  the United States and constructing new buildings to achieve maximal  energy efficiency, which could range between $1.6 trillion, with a t,  and $4.2 trillion in cost.   What is the estimated total price tag for the Green New Deal? Up to  $93 trillion. That is with a t, trillion dollars.   So where is this money going to come from? The Green New Deal could  cost nearly $65,000 per year, per household, much higher than the  average family income.   We have seen the Democratic majority bring messaging bill after  messaging bill to the floor. Why not this one? Why not the Green New  Deal? Why not truly let the American people know where the Democrats  stand on what I believe is a radical proposal that will hurt our Nation  and kill jobs?   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Hice), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, in closing, we all want to protect the environment,  both Republicans and Democrats, and ensure that we are leaving a better  world for on our children, grandchildren, and future generations.   Unfortunately, H.R. 9 is not, in my opinion, a legitimate solution.  H.R. 9 is little more than a messaging bill that is intended to  undermine the President and message to the Democratic base.   We do have an opportunity to get things done here, but it takes a  willingness from those in power to work with us in a bipartisan fashion  for a solution.   Republicans want to focus on clean and affordable energy solutions  that will create stability for consumers at affordable rates. We should  be working together on these solutions and on real pieces of  legislation that have the ability to pass the U.S. Senate and be signed  by the President.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question and a  ``no'' vote on the underlying measure, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   