 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona  (Mrs. Lesko), my friend, for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R.  777, the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act.   Along with my friend Carolyn Maloney, I introduced the Debbie Smith  Act with the support of the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network,  RAINN.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Maloney for her untiring work to  end and prevent sex trafficking and other forms of violence against  women, which I also support, and for her willingness to reach across  the aisle to get things done. She is a warrior for vulnerable women and  children, and I am so proud to work with her on this important  legislation.   Debbie Smith programs provide much-needed funding for crime labs to  process DNA evidence and strengthen the national DNA database, which  has over 17 million profiles in it. It provides justice to victims.  Under Debbie Smith, Congress provides $151 million, annually, to State  and local labs for DNA and rape kit testing.   Better technology has improved our ability to test and track DNA  samples from crime scenes, and this data is making a real difference in  the efforts to bring rapists and other sexual predators of sexual  violence to justice. The FBI DNA database has been used in more than-- are you ready for this, Madam Speaker?--465,270 investigations.   One in five rape kits entered into the national database generates a  DNA match pointing to a serial rapist.   Since the Debbie Smith program was created back in 2005, nearly  200,000 DNA matches have been made in criminal cases, providing justice  to victims in cases that may have otherwise gone unsolved.   But law enforcement can't keep up. Untested DNA cases have increased  by 85 percent since 2011. In my own home State of Missouri alone, more  than 5,400 untested rape kits are sitting in labs and in storerooms. We  need the Debbie Smith programs now more than ever.   This legislation authorizes $151 million for Debbie Smith DNA Backlog  Grant programs, $4.5 million for grants to State and local governments  for training programs, and $30 million for State and local governments  to create programs to collect and use DNA evidence related to sexual  assault.   The Senate unanimously sent their version of this legislation over to  the House in May, but the House leadership did not bring it to the  floor, allowing it to expire on September 30.   Both Democrats and Republicans on the Judiciary Committee, along with  Congresswoman Maloney, have led the charge on this reauthorization. It  saddens me that the Judiciary members had to file a discharge petition  to get Speaker Pelosi to put this bill on the floor.   This is not about personal ownership or asserting the House's  authority. This is about getting something signed into law.   I worry that the Senate version of this bill includes accountability  and performance measures that are not in the House bill. If the Senate  bill were being voted upon today, the President could sign it into law  tomorrow.   Looking forward, I implore both parties, House and Senate, to ensure  the Debbie Smith Reauthorization gets to the President's desk as soon  as possible.   Madam Speaker, I thank Leader McCarthy, Ranking Member Collins,  Chairman Nadler very, very much, and Congresswoman Maloney most of all.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in reauthorizing these  programs that convict dangerous predators and help victims to get the  justice that they deserve.   