 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R.  299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. As a Navy veteran  myself, this issue hits close to home, specifically in coastal  Virginia, the district that I have the honor of representing.   At my first townhall after taking office, the wife of a Virginia  Beach Vietnam veteran posed a deeply personal question. She said to me:  Where is the blue water Navy sailor bill? I have a dying vet at home  from Agent Orange who wants his country to respond to his service  during Vietnam.   After the townhall, I talked with her more in depth on the issue, and  with tears in her eyes, she asked me again for help and to make sure  Congress did not forget her husband's service and what he sacrificed  for our country.   I stand today to speak on behalf of the Blue Water Navy Vietnam  Veterans Act so that my constituent and  [[Page H3749]]  so many others across the Nation will know that we have not forsaken  their service.   I am thankful to the House of Representatives for stepping up to the  plate and fulfilling our responsibility to our veterans and their  service to America. I am proud to support their cause today.   This bipartisan bill on the floor would finally correct an injustice  for veterans who are suffering and dying from conditions related to  Agent Orange exposure and who have been unfairly denied VA disability  and health benefits for more than four decades.   For those who may not know, blue water Navy Vietnam veterans are  servicemembers who served at sea off the shore of Vietnam during the  Vietnam war.   A Federal Court, in January, ruled that the VA was wrong in denying  disability and health benefits to blue water Navy Vietnam veterans who  were exposed to the toxin Agent Orange; however, the administration has  not yet committed to implementing this decision. As a result, the blue  water Navy veterans are still in limbo, and Congress must act to secure  their benefits.   Mr. Speaker, I urge quick House passage of our bipartisan legislation  so our Senate colleagues can do the same and get this to the White  House and pass it into law.   