 Madam Chair, I appreciate the gentleman  yielding.   Madam Chair, I join my colleagues in rising in opposition to H.R.  1644. What is most disappointing to me is that it seems like this is  another example of the Democratic majority, during this Congress, being  more interested in scoring political points than actually solving a  problem.   In order for this legislation to become law, it is going to require  bipartisan support, yet the Democrats have chosen today to move forward  in a partisan way.   The rhetoric around net neutrality has been driven to a fever pitch.  Dire predictions on the end of the internet led to death threats  against the chairman of the FCC and his family, as well as against some  of our own colleagues.   Democrats say they want to save the internet; however, in the time  since the title II regulations were repealed under the Trump  administration, network speeds are up drastically. Investment and  coverage in rural areas has increased.    This debate isn't about the merits of an open internet. I support an  open, free internet, and I always have. This is truly about how we  shape the future of our economy:   Do we want to regulate the internet as a 1930s-style utility where  regulations stifle innovation and leave behind rural and poor  Americans?   Do we want an internet economy that lifts people out of poverty and  provides them with more economic opportunities?   As we work to close the digital divide, we need to decrease the  barriers to deployment, not increase them. Imposing unnecessary  regulations on small companies providing rural broadband will only  further this divide. We must protect people in a way that does not  leave underserved areas of our country behind.   Republicans, for years, have offered to work across the aisle. I have  introduced legislation modeled after a bill that passed in Washington  State, enjoying bipartisan support overwhelmingly. In fact, it was  lauded by Senator Cantwell.   She said: ``In our State, Republicans and Democrats came together. .  . . Why can't we see this same bipartisanship in the U.S. House?''   I ask my Democratic colleagues today that same question.   