 Mr. Chair, as a Navy veteran, I believe in focusing our  limited resources toward efforts that will make our forces more  effective, reliable, and efficient.   I oppose this amendment that would decrease the National Nuclear  Security Administration's budget by $20 million and allocate the money  to a program to develop low-enriched uranium fuel for submarines and  aircraft carriers.   Drawing on my 20-year Navy experience in the supervision and  operation of naval nuclear propulsion systems, it makes little sense to  divert these resources. Our highly enriched uranium reactor design has  successfully powered our submarine fleet, delivering a critical leg of  our nuclear deterrent and our aircraft carriers, providing our unique  sustained forward presence capability for nearly seven decades. There  is no need for this amendment.   Top Navy leadership and the Secretary of Energy clearly state that a  low-enriched uranium design for naval nuclear propulsion ``would result  in a reactor design that is inherently less capable, more expensive,  and unlikely to support current life-of-ship submarine reactors.''   Meanwhile, Admiral James Caldwell, Director of the Naval Nuclear  Propulsion Program, says that investing in LEU would negatively impact  reactor endurance, reactor size, and ship costs, and its success is  ``not assured.''   I have no doubt that we could eventually develop a reactor design  using LEU, but would it continue to meet our operational and strategic  defense needs? No. It would make our platforms inherently less capable,  less operationally available, and more expensive to operate. In turn,  it would require more of these assets to accomplish the same  objectives.    If the genesis behind this amendment is to advance issues of  nonproliferation, it makes little sense to draw down the budget of the  very agency that is tasked with the security of nuclear weapons and  nuclear fuel.   I will conclude as I began. We need to commit our limited resources  where they are most efficiently used to support our operational forces  and our national defense. These dollars are best spent on the National  Nuclear Security Administration.   