 Mr. President, I wanted to spend just a few minutes  today speaking with my colleagues and also with Tennesseans about an  issue that we hear so very much about every single day. The issue  continues to persist. It is our border, and we all know--and, indeed,  you read in news count after news count--that yes, indeed, there is a  crisis at our border.   Just a few months ago, we had some of our friends who are in the  other Chamber who kept saying: Oh, this is manufactured; oh, there is  nothing to it.   But as we hear from law enforcement professionals, as we hear from  ICE, from DHS, and from the Border Patrol, we have a crisis. Our border  is strained to the breaking point.   The real humanitarian crisis at the border is escalating. There are  people who are being brought in through Central America, through  Mexico, and they are stranded in the desert without food and without  water. During the summer, sometimes you have temperatures above 100  degrees.   Our border is at a breaking point, and it is, indeed, time for this  body to do something about it and to support these Agencies that are on  the frontline dealing with this crisis every single day.   What we know from our hearing that we held yesterday at the Senate  Judiciary Committee is that ICE is facing mounting challenges when it  comes to expediting the deportations that need to take place. Abuse and  exploitation of the asylum process overburdens our court system as  illegal immigrants flood our borders claiming persecution.   Our country historically welcomes people who are fleeing political  persecution, but there have to be tighter rules on these asylum  seekers. The percentage of those who have valid asylum claims is  actually relatively low compared to the number who are applying for  these protections. I will tell you that I welcome President Trump's  moves to raise the standards.   Last week, the President directed the Department of Homeland Security  to enact several new asylum changes. As part of these new policies, the  President imposed a new deadline for the immigration courts to meet. He  directed that cases in immigration courts be settled within 180 days of  those being filed.   Tennesseans want to see government accountability. They want to see  it across every Agency. Certainly, when it comes to immigration policy,  they want this accountability. They know that with a 6-month deadline,  it is exactly the kind of accountability that is needed.   Here is the problem that ICE is facing when it comes to meeting that  180-day standard. Right now, as of yesterday at our hearing, they had  more than 800,000 cases that were pending. Think about that. Your court  system has 800,000 cases that are pending. There are exactly 400  immigration judges that are there to hear these 800,000 cases. Do the  math on that. Think about how many cases that would be.   It is a 2-year wait at this point to get the case heard. So ICE needs  additional judges. That means they need additional officers, and that  means they need additional funding in order to meet the load.   I asked Director Asher how long it would take them to ramp up in  order to be able to hear these 800,000 cases. She said: months, maybe a  year, maybe a little bit longer. It depends on when they get the  authorization to expand the court system. It depends on when they get  the funding for it.   All of this time, what continues to happen? Cases continue to be  piled onto that backlog. If we took action today, and if we approved  their ability to expand their capacity to have more judges, to have  more agents, to have more officers, and to have more resources, it  would be a year by the time we worked through this process. It might be  as many as 1.5 million cases that they are working on.   This is one of the reasons that it is imperative that we close some  of the loopholes that are being used in the asylum process and work  through closing these loopholes to help secure this border. It is  something that would be of assistance to those who are trying to meet  the need that is there from people crushing our border, putting that  foot on American soil, and claiming asylum and persecution.   Another thing we talked about in yesterday's hearing is trafficking.  We all know that cartels are big business. Cartels deal in trafficking  drugs. They deal in trafficking human beings, which is disgusting, and  they look at human beings to move them for labor trafficking, for sex  trafficking, and for gangs. They look at that as part of their  business.   I know Senator Cruz talked about his EL CHAPO Act, which would allow  those seized assets from these drug lords to be used to help pay to  secure that border, because stopping this trafficking is something that  is an imperative. It really is true that until we secure this southern  border every town is, in essence, a border town and every State is a  border State because illegal immigration no longer is a problem that is  confined to those States that are on the border. We see this all across  our country, and it is heartbreaking--you talk about the trafficking of  human beings, the sex trafficking, and the effect that has on girls,  when you talk about the drug trafficking and the heartbreaking effects  that has on families in every single one of our communities. Opioids,  fentanyl, heroin--we all see it.    God bless our local law enforcement. Next week we are going to honor  our  [[Page S2766]]  law enforcement, but God bless them for the work they do in our  communities. Here is a good example. Just this past January, our  Customs and Border Patrol seized the largest amount of fentanyl in the  agency's history ever--largest amount. They seized nearly 254 pounds of  fentanyl from a Mexican national trying to enter the United States. It  was enough to kill more than 115 million people. That is the volume  that 1 person was bringing over--enough fentanyl to kill 115 million  people. This is why we have to make certain we secure that border.   As I mentioned, the trafficking of human beings is taking place.  Another of the problems is that many adult sponsors who are seeking  custody of children are here illegally themselves. The traffickers have  adults grab a child; they are coming to the border. The child is then  transferred to someone else in the country, and that individual is here  illegally. It is difficult to find out how that child is connected to  the adult they are taken to. Sometimes it could be a labor gang.  Sometimes it could be a prostitution ring. We don't know. I commend the  Departments of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services, which  are taking steps to close a big loophole here. Last April, the two  agencies entered into an agreement to ensure that relatives of these  children are not above the law. Under the agreement, DHS and HHS  promised to share information about these adult sponsors so that ICE  can run criminal and immigration background checks on them. This  agreement is a powerful tool in the fight to stop trafficking of  migrant children. So long as law enforcement can keep running these  criminal background checks on these sponsors, we can hold more adults  accountable and keep these children safe.   Finally, I want to touch on the wall because Border Patrol Chief  Provost told me during the hearing yesterday that the wall was working.  The San Diego sector has 14 miles of the new double fencing that has  been approved by Congress. It is the first of the sections of the new  wall. Previously, some of the old walls were 6 feet high, and they were  made out of landing mats, and they were not successful in deterring  illegal entry. The new walls are 30 feet high, and they stand on steel  bollards. The barrier is making it tougher for illegal immigrants to  sneak across, and it is helping our agents. Our agents have told us  repeatedly--not for the last few months or the last couple of years  but, get this, for 20 years--for 20 years, they have said we need three  things: We need a barrier; we need better technology; and we need more  agents and officers on the ground.   These men and women deserve our best efforts, and we should be giving  them what they need. Our immigration system is full of legal loopholes  and physical vulnerabilities. I applaud the President's new asylum  changes, and I urge each of my colleagues to support law enforcement's  needs. They are consistent in asking for these three things--barriers,  technology, and agents. This is what they need in order to help keep  our Nation safe.   So as we consider how much we value our safe communities, how much we  want our communities to be safe and happy and prosperous, I encourage  each of us to think about these agents who are working to protect that  southern border, to deal with human trafficking, to deal with sex  trafficking, and to keep illegal drugs off our streets.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   