 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  2409, the Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act.   I want to thank my colleagues, Mr. Mooney, Ms. Velazquez, Mr.  Riggleman, Mr. Pappas, and Mr. Rose for their work and for cosponsoring  the Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act, and I want  to thank our chairwoman of the Financial Services Committee to help us  bring this here today.   As a small business owner, I know how difficult it can be to access  the capital you need to succeed, and my friends across the aisle just  explained that very well. I thank them so much for the bill that they  have brought to the floor. However, rural entrepreneurs face unique  challenges when it comes to accessing capital, but far too often their  voices are left out of the conversation.   For example, in a recent Federal Reserve survey of small businesses,  despite more than 70 percent of rural small businesses being a low  credit risk, less than half received the full amount of funding that  they were seeking. This restricts growth in rural areas. That same  survey found that only 35 percent of rural small businesses expected to  increase employment in the next year compared to 51 percent in urban  areas. This can create a cycle where younger people leave rural areas  because there are no jobs, furthering the decline in certain rural  areas across this country.    The bipartisan Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act  will ensure that rural small businesses have a seat at the table as  Federal policymakers consider new rules that govern investment and  capital. The Office of the Advocate of Small Business Capital Formation  at the SEC was established to promote the interests of small businesses  and help make sure that they have access to capital with a focus on  supporting women- and minority-owned businesses.   I would also like to acknowledge the work of Ms. Velazquez and others  last Congress to include small businesses affected by natural  disasters, like the recent flooding in Iowa.   My legislation, H.R. 2409, would expand the focus areas of the  advocate to include rural-area small businesses. This data will help  Congress and Federal regulators make better-informed decisions on how  to best support economic growth in rural America.   By ensuring that Washington listens to the voices of rural small  businesses, this legislation will help create jobs in rural Iowa and in  rural areas across the country contributing not only to their success  but to the economic success of this entire country's GDP.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairwoman and my colleagues for  their support and working on this issue, and I ask for a ``yes'' from  the House.   