 I object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, my mom would always say: You know, it  is not a good sign if you are doing the same thing over and over and  expecting a different result.   My colleagues have sought several times, under the guise of election  security, to circumvent going to the Rules Committee and trying to  bring these bills to the floor.   It is important to note that the legislation they are bringing would  do something that most people, especially people in Tennessee, tell me  they do not want to see happen. What it would do is take away authority  from your local election commission, your State election commission,  and then vest that authority with the Federal Government.   Federalizing our elections, in my opinion, would actually make them  less secure. Is there anybody who thinks the Federal Government is  going to do a better job of administering an election in Williamson  County, TN, where I live and where I have served on the election  commission? The answer would be ``of course, not.'' They know that  their friends and neighbors who served on those entities would do a  better job.   I must also remind my colleagues that every single Member--Democrat,  Republican, and Independent; every Member of the Senate--agrees that  foreign meddling in our Nation's business is a problem. For decades,  foreign nations have sought to meddle in our affairs in the physical  space. Ought we to have expected them to try this in the virtual space?  It ought not have come as a surprise to us.   We also know that Members are working on this issue, and that there  has been progress that has been made by the Intel community, by State- level authorities, and by those who are making certain these election  systems are secure. And guess what. They are doing this without a  Federal power grab taking place.   I fear that my friends on the other side of the aisle still have not  gotten  [[Page S6063]]  over that they lost in 2016. Further, they have yet to accept that  their colleagues in the House of Representatives have turned their best  hopes for correcting this electoral disappointment into a farce.   We know that in 2016 the Russians seized upon partisan hysteria and  used it to pit the American people against one another. They did not  affect voting in election systems.   It is not too much to ask that my friends in the minority cease using  the business of the Senate to continue these requests.   I do object to the motion.    Mr. President, as our colleagues can hear, we are on  the floor talking about the USMCA and the need to get this agreement  passed. It really is frustrating. I feel as if we have come to the  floor, time and again, to encourage our friends in the House, and I  guess we are all but begging them to take a pause from their political  agenda and take one vote--just one vote that is going to make a  tremendous amount of difference in the lives of businesses, of our auto  manufacturers, our farmers, our chemical producers, and workers.   Our friends across the aisle like to say they are all for the  workers. Well, if you are all for the workers, let me tell you  something, there are 12 million--get that--12 million workers who are  directly impacted by the benefits that would come from the USMCA, and  this is across every single industrial sector.   As I have been about Tennessee, what I have heard from so many is a  simple question: When are you going to pass this? How long is it going  to take? We have heard that you have people in logistics, people who  are in farming, and people who are in every single part of the economy  who are saying: Why can't you get this done?   We all know there is support that we hear about--bipartisan support-- wide bipartisan support in the other Chamber and, indeed, wide  bipartisan support here in the Senate, but for some reason, they just  can't seem to find the time to schedule the bill and call the vote.   America is waiting on them to take this vote. There are 120,000 small  and midsize American businesses that will be able to continue exporting  their goods to customers in Canada and Mexico. Do you know what is  significant? These businesses, small and midsize businesses, are  located in every single one of our States.   The updated customs and trade rules are certainly going to make sure  that even startups are able to participate in this cross-border  economy. I have talked to so many new-start businesses that are coming  through our universities and our entrepreneur centers, and they say: We  want to make certain that we have access to markets around the globe.   Isn't this great? They are not just thinking locally or regionally.  Some of these talented young Americans, what are they doing? They are  thinking globally. They are planning ahead for decades of productivity.  This is going to ease regulations for our dairy and beef and pork  farmers who are in Tennessee.  [[Page S6073]]    Indeed, I was out in the past couple of weeks and talked with a  farmer who is a cattle farmer. He came to one of our meetings, and I  got around to questions and answers. The very first question was, When  is this going to be done? When is it going to be done? Why is it taking  so long? There was agreement between Mexico, Canada, and the United  States months ago. Why can't this get a vote?   These are real problems for real people who are working real jobs and  are very dedicated and are working diligently. The intellectual  property provisions that are in this bill are so significant for our  singers, our songwriters, and our musicians who call Nashville home,  and they want to see this take place.   I have to tell you, I know that all of these issues I have discussed  might not matter to those who are always interested in the 24-hour news  cycle and winning the shiny object debate of the day, but I will tell  you this: This matters to Tennesseans because Tennesseans exported  $13.7 billion worth of transportation equipment, electronics,  machinery, chemicals, fabricated metal, appliances, paper, plastics,  rubber, and other goods to Canada and Mexico in 2017--a $13.7 billion  export community to our neighbors to the north and south.   Tennessee businesses and workers have waited long enough, and they  want to see the House take action and the vote be completed and the  USMCA become a reality.   I yield the floor.   