 Mr. President, I appreciate the opportunity to  participate today and talk a little bit about my State of Tennessee. I  will tell you, as we are talking about what we are going to do and how  we are going to be working across our State during the August work  period and how we are looking forward to having people visit our State  during that time, one of the things that strikes me so very often when  people talk about Tennessee and when they hear that I am from  Tennessee, they will stop and say: That is  [[Page S5226]]  one of the most beautiful States. Our State is beautiful, with its  rivers, lakes, rolling hills, mountains, and the flatlands over toward  Memphis. Indeed, it is beautiful. It is also very long, and that is  also quite remarkable to people when they start to drive through the  State. They say: I spent a whole day driving through the State of  Tennessee. From the time they enter up around Mountain City and Bristol  and make their way through to Memphis, it does really take the whole  day.   I think one of the things that interest people when they cross into  Tennessee as they are going down I-81 is seeing the Bristol Motor  Speedway. They realize that it is truly a feat of engineering--NASCAR  is very popular--and realize the innovation and creativity that has  gone into creating that speedway. Then to be there on race day, I will  tell you, that is something that is quite amazing, to see those cars  speeding around those banked turns and realize it is people who are  handling these feats of engineering.   People also appreciate, in addition to the Bristol Motor Speedway and  car racing, that Tennessee is a State that is very important to the  automotive industry. You have Volkswagen in Chattanooga, and you have  the GM facility at Spring Hill. Nissan North America's headquarters are  located in Cold Springs, right outside of Nashville. Their  manufacturing plant is in Smyrna. You have the Toyota plant that is  over in West Tennessee.    We Tennesseans are also excited about the prospect of having an  aerospace park that is going to be in East Tennessee, up at the Tri- Cities. As a member of the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation  Committee, I have had the privilege of working with the Tri-Cities  Airport and local officials to make that a destination and to make it a  reality.   A little further down in the State, as you get on I-40, you will find  yourself in the middle of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the  most visited park in our National Parks System. Senator Alexander and I  are continuing the work to designate the Dean Stone Bridge on the  Foothills Parkway there in Blount County. Dean Stone was a pillar of  the community, and naming the bridge in honor of him is the perfect way  to thank him for his dedication in improving the lives of all those who  live and enjoy the Smokies in that part of our State.   The Smokies are second in my heart to just one Tennessee landmark in  Nashville that I think everyone wants to see. They are all country  music fans, and they want to see the mother church of country music,  which is the Ryman Auditorium. The best singers and songwriters in the  world leave their stadiums and their festivals because they want to  have the opportunity to play just one song on the stage of the Ryman  Auditorium. It is a wonderful place to be and to celebrate Tennessee's  creativity and to celebrate the music that fills our hearts and our  lives.   When I was a Member in the House, I worked tirelessly for several  years and fought for the unanimous passage of the Music Modernization  Act. That is something that fixed a lot of loopholes that were in U.S.  law that adversely impacted our songwriters as they were facing  copyright many times.   Upon coming to the Senate, I worked with Senator Feinstein,  continuing the fight on behalf of our songwriters to close the  loopholes that exempt broadcast radio from paying royalties to music  creators.   Tennessee is also known for some other wonderful music, a little bit  further down I-40, and that is the blues. You can't leave the State of  Tennessee without going through Memphis and having a visit over on  Beale Street, right there on the banks of the mighty Mississippi.   The Mississippi River is our Nation's original superhighway, if you  will. It is vitally important, not only to river but to rail, air, and  highway transportation networks. All of these have found their way  along West Tennessee's river lands.   Shipping and logistics giant FedEx has its corporate headquarters in  Memphis. Memphis is the city of their founding and their headquarters  location, and that takes advantage of Memphis International Airport and  their cargo operations center.   All that being said, one of the things that individuals repeatedly  comment on when they talk about Tennessee is how nice the people are in  Tennessee, how welcoming they are, and how they engage you and want to  make certain that you come back.   You will find in Tennessee a very diverse community. Yes, we are the  home to artists and athletes. We are the home to engineers, to farmers,  to doctors, to soldiers, and to veterans. It is, indeed, one of the  best places on the face of the Earth to call home and, indeed, a  certain not-to-be-missed destination for all Americans.   I yield the floor.   