 Mr. President, I wanted to join with my colleagues  this week to mark the implementation of an updated and streamlined  healthcare system that is specifically for our veterans. This is made  possible by the VA MISSION Act.   In Tennessee, we have such a large and vigorous and wonderful  population of veterans. I will tell you, we are so grateful to them for  their service, and we are so grateful they have chosen to make  Tennessee their retirement home.   One of our colleagues asked me one day about how patriotic Tennessee  is. They had been there to visit. They saw flags out in so many places.  They saw signs out that were ``thank you'' signs to our veterans. I  told them that I felt like it was because we do have a strong military  presence. Fort Campbell is primarily in Tennessee. We have Millington,  the air naval station. We have Arnold. We have our National Guard, and  a couple of our units have just finished a good deployment. We cherish  these veterans, and they are such an integral part of our communities  and our churches.   We have worked diligently on this healthcare system for veterans to  specifically meet their needs. That should be the mission of the VA. It  is not to serve itself but to serve the veterans.   Once this new structure that is put in place by the MISSION Act is  fully implemented, members of the military community who have been, in  my words, neglected for too long--their access to healthcare  neglected--they are finally going to get the attention and the care  they need. I use the term ``neglected'' because anybody who knew they  were headed to the VA clinic for a checkup knew that was not going to  be a quick checkup. There is a lot of paperwork that goes into that  process of asking for that checkup and then seeing it actually take  place.   I have heard from hundreds of veterans, their stories and their  experiences. Sometimes you will hear them say it was a comedy of  errors. But it is no comedy; it is a catastrophe of errors. The  consequences from this have really taken a toll on the life, the  health, the safety, and sometimes the sanity of our veterans community.   The reason you hear these stories is because we have asked  generations of veterans to put their physical and their emotional  health in the hands of practitioners whose hands were tied by arbitrary  rules and procedures that turned even simple procedures into what would  be a logistical nightmare. I have no doubt that if we went around this  Chamber and each Member of this Chamber were to stand, they could-- without any notes, right off the top of their head--give us a story  they have heard from a veteran. That should never happen.   But as of this month, we have dealt with a lot of these issues. We  have removed some of the roadblocks. And the new Community Care  Program, which adopted elements from the successful Veterans Choice  Program, will continue to allow veterans to seek care closer to home.  What was once a cluster of seven programs has been merged into one  single system--a whole-of-health, whole-of-the-soldier approach. It  makes this process simpler and easier to understand and to implement  this program.  [[Page S4153]]    Options will expand even more with the authorization of local  provider agreements and access to walk-in community clinics, which is  specifically and precisely, what for years veterans have said they  want:   Just let me go to the doctor in my hometown.   We have a neighborhood clinic over here.   We have a clinic over at the pharmacy, the CVS or the Walgreens. Let  me go there and not have to drive to a clinic that is out of town.   One provision in particular that I believe is going to really make a  big difference is the removal of barriers that have prevented VA  healthcare professionals from practicing telemedicine. Any of us who  have used telemedicine and have Skyped with a physician know this is a  timesaver. It gets you in front of the doctor in a more expeditious  fashion. It allows you to get that advice to start taking and treating  your ailment sooner. It is a huge timesaver. This is now going to be  available.   As we are crafting these updates, we are careful to consider the cost  to the patient and to make sure that veterans won't have to worry about  receiving a massive bill if they see a provider at a local community  facility. The VA MISSION Act keeps costs at these clinics in line with  those at the VA healthcare centers.   We have also taken steps to encourage consistent treatment at the VA  healthcare centers by providing the funds necessary for these clinics  to retain top talent. You have to have healthcare professionals in the  clinics in order for these clinics to see their patients.   Most importantly, the VA MISSION Act supports these changes via an  updated and extensive system of reporting and accountability. For  years, this body has debated the merits of various healthcare regimes  for children, the elderly, and the poor, but for some reason, we have  asked veterans to accept a system incapable of providing care without  snarling patients in miles and miles of redtape. For this, we owe the  veterans community an apology.   It is an honor to work with our veterans and now say that the VA  MISSION Act is being implemented and that care is coming to your  community. I think this reflects the sincere desire to do right by our  best and our bravest.   I yield the floor.   