 Mr. Chairman, some of the hardest calls law enforcement  officers take are intimate partner violence calls. These situations are  heartbreaking, volatile, dangerous, and far too commonplace. Domestic  violence affects every community and crosses all racial and  socioeconomic lines. It is heartbreaking and even more tragic because  domestic violence is often preventable. That is the purpose of the  Violence Against Women Act.   One in five homicides in Florida is a result of domestic violence. In  2016, over 100,000 domestic violence incidents were reported to police  in Florida. Since I began my remarks, three women have been beaten,  battered, or murdered.   Mr. Chairman, these calls are extremely dangerous for everyone  involved. When law enforcement responds to these calls, they too are  put at great risk. In 2017, more officers were shot responding to  domestic violence calls than any other type of call.   All too often, it is a first responder, family member, neighbor, or  other loved one who is killed in a domestic violence incident. In fact,  these deaths make up 1 of 5 domestic violence homicide victims.   We have to train, equip, and empower law enforcement, healthcare  providers, and other responders to address intimate partner violence.  These programs have already proven effective.   Grantees funded by VAWA have trained nearly 90,000 law enforcement  officers in best practices and techniques to handle these sensitive  situations. But the VAWA reauthorization is not just about continuing  these successful programs. It also makes additional improvements which  will save lives of victims and responders.   Nationwide, the presence of a gun in a domestic violence situation  makes it five times more likely that someone will be killed.   The VAWA reauthorization will help law enforcement disarm dangerous  people and convicted felons, create new notification systems for law  enforcement, address the so-called ``boyfriend loophole'' that lets  non-married but dangerous partners get weapons.   The Violence Against Women Act reauthorization is a critical step to  our efforts to protect these Americans; and I urge my colleagues to  support this critical and necessary legislation.   