 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the recognition  and yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 259, the Medicaid Extenders  Act. Our long-term care system is broken. Like millions of Americans,  I, too, am a primary caretaker for my husband, and I meet people every  single day. I often say taking John to the doctor is like attending a  town hall meeting. While we continue to work towards a much needed  overhaul of our long-term care financing, we also need to build on and  protect existing programs.   The Medicaid Extenders Act includes a 3-month extension of the highly  successful Money Follows the Person program. This program provides  grants to States to help individuals voluntarily transition from an  institutional setting to a community care setting. Money Follows the  Person is a win for both the beneficiaries and the taxpayers because  the program has demonstrated significant savings over the years while  bringing a real-time benefit to people's lives.   The Medicaid Extenders Act also extends spousal impoverishment  protections for seniors in Medicaid. These important protections ensure  that individuals are not forced to spend down all of their resources,  and too many go bankrupt, just to get the care that they need.   However, this bill is just a partial victory. I do hope the House  will pass it. Both programs are extended for only 3 months. While this  is enough to keep these important programs alive for the moment, we  must pass long-term extensions of both programs as quickly as possible.   I will soon be introducing bipartisan legislation to do just that,  and I look forward to working with all of my colleagues this year on  long-term extensions of these critical programs. I urge my colleagues  to join me in supporting H.R. 259.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me the  time.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 269. This important bill  reauthorizes the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act and provides  FDA with needed revenue and authority to improve oversight of over-the- counter drugs.   The House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed this bipartisan  legislation at the end of the 115th Congress, and I am pleased that we  are acting on this bill once again at the beginning of the 116th  Congress. I am proud to have helped introduce this legislation, and I  urge my Senate colleagues to quickly pass this bill into law.   My chairman, Mr. Pallone and Representative Burgess have talked and  spoken well of why we must address the Pandemic and All-Hazards  Preparedness Act. Headlines in the Detroit paper today talking about a  death in an area hospital because of a power outage is why we must  prepare these institutions to be ready for crises, but I want to speak  about the over-the-counter part of this bill.   Today, 60 percent of all medicines sold in the United States are over  the counter. Americans trust that they are safe, yet the FDA has only  18 full-time employees--only 18--to oversee the entire market of drugs  sold across this country.   This outdated system has the potential to put patients at risk and  does not match the realities of our modern healthcare system.   The bill we are discussing today reforms this system for the better.  It creates a new user fee program to give FDA the resources it needs to  improve public health. It also improves the efficiency by allowing the  agency to update OTC monographs through administrative order rather  than the rulemaking process.   These changes are a big win for patients, who will benefit from  improved product safety, and for industry, as they will have a reliable  pathway to bring new, innovative products to market. It has been years  since a new sunscreen product has been brought to market simply because  of this outdated system.   I want to thank my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee  for all the time and effort they put into this legislation; to  Representatives Eshoo and Brooks, who worked so hard on the Pandemic  and All-Hazards Preparedness Act; and to my colleague, Representative  DeGette, and my Republican colleagues, Representatives Latta, Guthrie,  and Burgess, for all the work that they did.   We need to get this important bill passed and into law. I urge my  colleagues to support H.R. 269.   