 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss what is  happening at our southern border, and I call upon my colleagues in  Congress to act quickly to address this humanitarian crisis.   Last month, terrifying reports surfaced of an illegal immigrant from  Guatemala who traveled with an 8-year-old boy across the U.S.-Mexico  border near Arizona. When Border Patrol agents apprehended him, the man  claimed that the boy was his son, but the agents learned 4 days later  that he wasn't.   According to the Arizona Daily Star, Homeland Security investigations  reported that the man claimed that ``he had looked for a child in  Guatemala to cross the United States-Mexico international border with  as he was told that it was easier to get into the United States with a  child.'' The illegal immigrant allegedly paid the boy about $130 to  ``rent the child'' and an additional $130 for a fake birth certificate.   Tragically, this is a story we are hearing more and more about as the  border crisis rages on. Homeland Security investigators are working to  understand the extent of troubling cases on our border, where adults  are using children who have no family relation in order for them to  become eligible for release after they are apprehended. The practice  has been occurring frequently enough that the Department of Homeland  Security now refers to it as ``child recycling rings.''   Smugglers and cartels are well aware of legal loopholes that  incentivize these criminals to manipulate vulnerable populations. Our  current legal framework makes it easier to turn a profit by smuggling  individuals with young children.   DHS has recorded nearly 4,800 migrants in 2019 who have falsely  identified themselves as family units.   Recently, we received the welcome news that the Trump administration  reached a deal with Mexico to ensure better immigration enforcement at  the border. This agreement was an important step in the right direction  at a time when our Nation needs it most. Both countries have declared a  shared  [[Page S3646]]  goal of upholding the rule of law on both sides of the border. I am  grateful for the President's hard work to secure our border, to keep  this country safe, and to continue our trade with a key partner.   This deal is a critical step forward, and it is taking place not a  moment too soon. Illegal border crossings at the southern border have  reached staggering rates this past spring. Last March alone, there were  more than 103,000 apprehensions, and in April there were another  109,000. In May apprehensions at points of entry reached over 144,000.  That is a 32-percent increase over the month of April. We have had over  100,000 apprehensions on the border each month for 3 months in a row.  Sustained numbers like these haven't been witnessed in over 12 years.   The question remains: What concrete steps are we taking as a nation  to stop this?   Our Border Patrol agents, who are working as hard as they possibly  can, cannot keep up with the record surge of people coming into our  country without authorization. Our ability to provide the care and  attention for detained individuals is at a breaking point.   As we know, this includes tens of thousands of innocent children.  Acting Secretary McAleenan recently testified at a Senate Judiciary  Committee where he noted that in the last 40 days alone, DHS has taken  into custody 60,000 children. He also testified last month that border  officials saw a record day of over 5,800 border crossings in a single  24-hour period. This comes in addition to the largest single group ever  apprehended at our border--1,036 people.   Facilities along the border haven't just reached full capacity. They  are overflowing. On June 10, the Department of Health and Human  Services reported that they had fewer than 700 beds available to place  1,900 unaccompanied children who had already been processed by Customs  and Border Protection. This is forcing HHS to place children with  sponsors at higher rates than the program has experienced in its  history. It also increases pressure to find space for the influx of  children within CBP facilities, which were not built for this purpose  in any way.   HHS desperately needs additional funding to expand its bed capacity  so that they can keep pace with the increasing numbers of unaccompanied  children. At this rate, HHS may not have the necessary funding to  continue their care programs beyond the month of June.   The situation is clear. Congress needs to act, and we need to act  right now. Chairman Shelby recently announced that the Senate  Appropriations Committee will vote soon on a $4.5 billion package. Over  $3 billion would be directed to help resolve the humanitarian crisis by  increasing the care for unaccompanied children and expanding those  shelter facilities. The remaining $1 billion would fortify our security  missions.   To the ears of the American people, this may sound like an overdue,  commonsense relief effort, and that is because it is. Unfortunately,  our Democratic friends have prioritized their starring role in the  political theater over our country's emergency at the southern border.   Over 6 weeks ago, the administration sent an urgent plea to Congress  asking for more money to secure our border and improve the conditions  for tens of thousands of children. It is unacceptable that Democrats in  the House and right here in the Senate are playing politics at a time  when our Nation needs stability.   In the coming weeks, Senate Republicans will be waiting at the table  to work toward bipartisan solutions to address the crisis at the border  and provide the funding that is desperately needed. I hope that my  Democratic colleagues will meet us there.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   