 Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here this  evening and to have a chance to talk about my friend and my colleague,  Ellen Tauscher.   Ellen, as we are all hearing, was really a trailblazer. She was a  trailblazer, a businesswoman. She was a single mom, a philanthropist, a  diplomat, a mentor, and for so many of us, a dear friend.   If you were a woman in California politics in the last three decades,  Ellen probably had a significant impact on your life. She showed us all  that kindness and charity can go with strength and wit.   We all have personal experience with Ellen. I actually met Ellen  about 1996, I think it was. We happened to be at a National Women's  Political Caucus meeting.   What was funny about that is that we kind of caught one another's  eye. We have heard people talk about no-nonsense Ellen. Something was  going on. We were a little impatient, and we kind of both looked at  each other like: Is this really what we came for?   That was the start of a friendship.   When she learned later that I was considering running for Congress,  she got in touch with me. She said: If you are coming to D.C., then I  have a place for you to stay. Please stay at my house, and let's have a  chance to talk, sit down and really get to know one another.   That was pretty cool because, as I said, it had just been a small  encounter that we had had sometime before.   So we sat at her dinner table, and I remember asking her about what  she was doing and what she was learning in Congress. She told me about  the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, and I was really very impressed with  that because the thought of working on arms control just seemed like,  first, a fantasy and, then, just a really hard thing to do.   She said that one of the reasons that she was interested in doing  that, aside from the fact that she lived so close to Lawrence Livermore  National Laboratory and she had a real interest in having them be a  premier lab for much of the testing in the future, was she felt that  she wanted to show that women could do that job.   Of course, we knew that she was the one who was capable to do that  and probably was the first woman to have served on that committee.   I remember, too, at her table, just talking about her daughter,  Katherine, and how proud she was of Katherine, all her hopes and dreams  for her, and how tough it was being a mom and also wanting to make her  schedule work for her daughter.   Then, of course, as a colleague on HASC, we were both on the  committee when our country faced the great tragedy of 9/11, and just  being able to respond to so many of the issues around that.   I always went to Ellen when we had a chance to talk about what we  either had to vote on or what we were facing on the committee.  Sometimes I would share with her: I am not sure what to do in this  instance.   She would look me straight in the eye, as she would always--and you  can tell in her eyes here--with that kind of wry smile. She would say:  Susan, you are going to do the right thing.   Honestly, it gave me the confidence to do the right thing, and I knew  that Ellen was going to do that as well.   A number of years into her term and the great job that she did here  presiding in the House, at the request of President Clinton, she became  and was able to be interviewed for and go before the Senate as Under  Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security, as  people have mentioned.    In that role, she traveled extensively and was really the face of our  country in those negotiations with the Russians. Quite honestly, from  the discussions that I had with Ellen, I think they didn't know what to  make of her because she was so direct and so strong. She wouldn't take  anybody's nonsense in that role.   We were all so proud of her, knowing what she was able to accomplish,  and people have referred to that as well.   I want to be mindful here of the role that she played on nuclear  weapons policy, how she came at that, and how she felt it was so  important for a woman to be in that position someday.   She didn't know that she was going to be the Under Secretary for Arms  Control and International Security. I don't think she even thought that  was a possibility at one time, but she wanted to be ready. She wanted  to be prepared. That is what she did so much of her life.   Following a number of years facing cancer, being a survivor and all  that she went through with the best attitude in the world, even in  recent months, she was still speaking before the Armed Services  Committee on nuclear weapons policy.   Her work on nuclear security made this world measurably safer and  will have a lasting impact on future generations.   We relied so much on her knowledge and her counsel as we considered  the most sobering aspect of national security: weapons with the power  to destroy life as we know it on this planet. We looked to Ellen for  that.   While her work was critically important, always, for Ellen, her  family came first. So our thoughts today are with her daughter,  Katherine, everyone  [[Page H3784]]  who was close to her in her community, and those she worked with  throughout this world. Our thoughts are with all of them, and our  blessings go with that.   