 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to commend the incredible work  done by the men and women of Offutt Air Force Base during the historic  flooding that has affected the State of Nebraska.   Offutt Air Force Base is home to some of our Nation's most essential  missions. The men and women of STRATCOM stand constant vigil. They  provide command and control for the U.S. nuclear deterrent and maintain  watch over space operations, missile defense, and global strike.   Airmen of the 55th Wing execute some of the most sensitive and  complex missions, ensuring that battlefield commanders and the Nation's  decision makers have the most up-to-date intelligence, surveillance,  and reconnaissance information available.   The Air Force's only weather wing, the 557th Weather Wing, provides  timely, accurate, and relevant weather information at any time and for  any place around the globe.   Throughout Offutt, many other tenant units work in tandem with base  leadership to fulfill vital missions that support our national  security. These men and women pride themselves on being ready for every  threat, but the arrival of a once-in-50-year weather event provided a  test unlike any other they have previously faced.   In 2019, Nebraska has seen severe flooding--the worst and most  widespread natural disaster in the history of our State. When the  waters began to rise, the lives of those at Offutt and the base's  critical equipment were put at risk, and the response was immediate.  With less than 48 hours to prepare, highly essential aircraft such as  the RC-135 were quickly routed to safe locations. The planes that could  not be relocated were moved to higher ground. Contingency plans were  put in place to ensure continuity of operations.   Across the installation, scores of airmen turned out to answer the  call and move sensitive electronics and valuable equipment away from  the reach of damage, fighting as a team against the oncoming flood.   Personnel worked around the clock to fortify facilities with more  than 235,000 sandbags and 460 flood barriers to minimize damage as much  as possible. These men and women mounted a Herculean effort to defend  their base and do everything possible to protect their fellow airmen.   Across Offutt, we have seen a remarkable demonstration of what makes  this base so very special: everyday airmen offering to do all they  could to protect the base, personnel working tirelessly to ensure the  highly critical operations of STRATCOM and  [[Page S2315]]  the 55th Wing were not negatively impacted, and, above all, a unifying  spirit of dedication and purpose that showed the world that, when  disaster strikes, there is nothing that can keep the men and women of  Offutt Air Force Base from answering the call of duty.   I am extremely proud to have the privilege of representing everyone  who makes this base such a key part of our national security. There is  no finer representation of what it means to serve than the selfless  work of the personnel at Offutt who responded to this emergency.   Despite the outstanding efforts made in preparation for this natural  disaster, Mother Nature took a toll on the base. At the flood's peak,  one-third of Offutt Air Force Base was underwater. Eighty facilities at  the base have been impacted, and waters crested at a depth of 16 feet.  More than 3,000 personnel were displaced from their work centers, and  1.2 million square feet of office space was underwater.   The damage across the installation is extensive, and it will take a  concerted effort to ensure that the impacts from the flooding are  resolved and that the base is fully restored.   I urge my colleagues to work together with the Nebraska delegation to  ensure that when the full accounting of the impacts from the flood are  assessed, we provide the Air Force with the full resourcing it needs to  repair that damage.   The good news is, our service men and women at Offutt are already  hard at work on the process of putting Offutt back on its feet.   As the water recedes, personnel have been working hard to account for  the damage and take action to resume the operations that were suspended  as a result of this disaster.   One of the signature sounds of the Bellevue, NE, community is the  distant rumble of the engines of the aircraft that depart from and land  at Offutt every day. During the flooding, that unmistakable sound was  absent. Now that sound is back at Offutt.   Last week, the runway was certified for operation, and the first of  our relocated planes came home.   We should not operate under any misperceived notions that repairing  Offutt will happen overnight. This is going to be a step-by-step  process. But with the hard work of the Air Force, Congress, and the  local community, we can rebuild Offutt Air Force Base even better than  it was before.   I wish to offer my thanks to everyone at Offutt Air Force Base who  dedicated their time and energy to responding to this disaster. I also  want to thank the heroic men and women of the Nebraska National Guard  who provided aerial damage assessment during the flooding. Thank you to  the countless members of the Bellevue and Omaha communities who donated  food, equipment, and offered to volunteer during the flooding.   As we look to the days ahead, I am confident that both Offutt and  Nebraska will emerge from this disaster stronger.   Now is a time when we must focus on the future. We will rebuild and  ensure that Offutt remains Nebraska Strong.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   