 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  1585, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.   Every student deserves to learn in an environment that is safe and  free from harassment and violence. Yet, we all know that domestic  violence and sexual assault remain prevalent threats to women, and  especially young women, on college campuses across our country.   College-aged students are at greater risk than any other age groups  for domestic and sexual violence. These instances of violence are  vastly underreported. A study of college students by the U.S.  Department of Justice found that around one in five women are targets  of attempted or completed sexual assault.   The Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2019 increases  funding for grants to combat violent crimes on campuses and allocates  funding to train campus health centers to recognize and to respond to  these crimes.   My amendment directs the Secretary of Education to study and submit a  report to Congress on best practices regarding the prevention of  domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking on  college campuses. This includes an evaluation of programs, events, and  educational materials related to preventing acts of violence and  harassment.   Preventing violence against young people on college campuses starts  with education. Sharing information for best practices and guidance for  educators on college campuses opens the door for collaborative work  among experts in intimate partner and sexual violence prevention.   My amendment does not change the enforcement and implementation  responsibilities of the Department of Education. Congress needs a  report on best practices for prevention of these acts of violence, not  on the agency's recent efforts to change regulations and requirements  under Title IX.   None of us can address sexual and domestic violence on our own. That  is why this amendment provides a commonsense approach toward solving  the problem by forcing the agency to continue to review best practices  and prevention methods for combating acts of violence.   Colleges and universities, sexual violence prevention experts, and  the Federal Government should share resources and information, learn  from their peers, and take steps toward eradicating sexual and domestic  violence altogether.   When it comes to the safety of our students, we cannot afford to work  in silos. Every student deserves to feel safe in their community and we  must be proactive and collaborative in our work to end sexual and  domestic violence on our college campuses.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and support the  underlying bill.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   