 MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I thank the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Zeldin), my friend and colleague, for  initiating this Special Order and for bringing us together to speak out  in support for the bipartisan Never Forget the Heroes Act, which we  must pass in this Congress.   On September 11, 2011, we lost 2,997 people. But the death tolls from  9/11 may be far higher. It seems like every week I hear about the  passing of another first responder and survivor. Soon the deaths from  9/11-related illnesses may outnumber those lost on that horrific day.   Thousands more are living with the effects of 9/11, with chronic  diseases, with cancer, with a whole host of other 9/11-related  illnesses.   Over 10,000 responders and survivors have been certified as having 9/ 11-related cancers. These are the men and women who rushed in and spent  months combing through the wreckage. They are the residents and the  workers who were told by the Federal Government, they were told that  the air they were breathing was safe when, in fact, it was filled with  toxic pollutants.   They are firefighters, police officers, Federal and local law  enforcement,  [[Page H2573]]  medical workers, construction workers, and other heroes. All of them  are victims of 9/11 as well.   The 9/11 attacks caused one of the biggest public health crises our  country has ever faced. And those aren't just my constituents. They  aren't just from New York or New Jersey. They are Americans.   We were attacked because we were a site of economic strength in  America. Then they attacked our Pentagon, a symbol of the strength of  our military. And then they were coming to the Capitol, a symbol of  strength of our democracy.   These people live in every single State. We documented, and the GAO  documented, 434 of the 435 congressional districts had someone who was  harmed by 9/11.   Our whole country owes them a debt. On 9/11 we counted on them, and  in return, we made a promise never to forget.   This needs to be more than a slogan and more than a bumper sticker.  It is our sacred duty to make sure that they get the support they so  justly deserve.   In 2010, after years of tireless effort, Congress reaffirmed its  commitment to never forget the sacrifices made on September 11 by  passing the bipartisan James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act.   We established the World Trade Center Health Program and the  Nationwide Provider Network and reopened the Victim Compensation Fund  to provide the thousands of injured and ill 9/11 responders and  survivors with medical treatment for 9/11 health-related conditions and  economic compensation for losses resulting from the attack.   In 2015, we permanently authorized the World Trade Center Health  Program and reauthorized the Victim Compensation Fund until 2020.   So now we need to get to work again. The problem is bigger than  expected. The number of cancer cases has jumped.   Cancer claims now account for one-third of claims--up from one-fifth  just a few years ago. Death rates have gone up.   This January saw a 235 percent surge in death claims to the Victim  Compensation Fund compared to the end of 2015, most of which are the  result of cancers.   More and more 9/11 first responders and survivors are in need of the  Victim Compensation Fund. Increased enrollment has led to a need for  more funding. And in February, the special master of the September 11  Victim Compensation Fund announced that the fund was running out of  money and would have to cut compensation awards by 50 percent to 70  percent because of budget shortfalls. These cuts went into effect on  February 25, and have already devastated first responders, survivors,  and their families.   This is unacceptable. We cannot let this stand, and we won't.   Last week, with my colleagues, Representatives Nadler, King, and I  introduced the Never Forget the Heroes Act. Already, we have an  unprecedented 150 cosponsors in 1 week. This was a joint effort, along  with Congressman Zeldin, Congressman Rose, Congressman Gottheimer, and  many others.   Our bill will restore any cuts to awards, ensure that future eligible  recipients are fully compensated, and make the Victim Compensation Fund  a permanent program for the lives of the recipients.   We promised sick and injured 9/11 first responders and survivors that  we would fully compensate them for the losses they have suffered. They  shouldn't have to come begging for us to do our job, come begging back  over and over again to Congress.   For some, 9/11 is a distant memory. For them, they remember this and  9/11 with every breath, with every cough, with every doctor's  appointment, and with every death in their families.   They are counting on us. They are counting on Congress, just like we  counted on them on that terrible day and in the weeks afterwards.   Never Forget is a promise. I urge my colleagues to join us in  ensuring that we honor it.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Zeldin), my  distinguished colleague, for organizing this important remembrance.    MALONEY of New York. Will the gentleman yield?    MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I thank  Congressman Zeldin, Congressman Rose, and Congressman Gottheimer for  really helping to achieve the 150 cosponsors that we have.   I have asked, and the gentleman has joined me in asking, Chairman  Nadler to schedule hearings as quickly as possible. We hope to continue  getting cosponsors. Hopefully, we will get everyone in this body to  make a firm statement in support of the survivors and the heroes.   I thank the gentleman and others so much for all that they have been  doing.   