 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this past weekend, I was the first  Senator in a really long time to fly into Somalia's notoriously  dangerous capital city. I will tell you, at first glance, it looks like  things in Mogadishu have gotten back to normal. But the situation on  the ground, after you fly in and get out of the plane and you get on  the ground, you see it is really quite a different story.   There is a reason why our recollection of Somali history focuses on  the Black Hawk Down incident--the terrible Battle of Mogadishu--and  then-  [[Page S6597]]  President Bill Clinton's decision to evacuate American troops from the  Horn of Africa.   Somalia's legacy is rooted in years of violence that overwhelmed the  world's most elite military forces, froze the economy, and left the  Somali people very much alone in the world--at least until 9/11, when  Western powers were forced to focus on multiple fronts in the War on  Terror.   I was fortunate enough last weekend to visit our Djibouti-based  troops at Camp Lemonnier. Our base there was established in the wake of  9/11, and since then, has expanded to support AFRICOM's mission in the  Horn of Africa. Their leadership is committed to not repeating the  mistakes of the past. They have developed the best unmanned aerial  system force in the world.   It is amazing what they are doing with these UAVs. Between that  program and our impressive intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance  capabilities, the military has stepped up their ability to keep our  troops safer in the world's most volatile theater.   I was pleased to know that the 101st Airborne out of Fort Campbell-- which is located in Montgomery County, TN, and also there on the  Kentucky border--are supporting the vital post-Benghazi East Africa  Response Force mission and that the Nashville-based 118th Air Wing unit  of the Tennessee Air National Guard plays a vital role in regional  security operations.   It brought home to me the point of why we have to get the NDAA  finished, why we have to get these resources to our men and women in  uniform who are fighting every day and need 21st-century warfare in  order to keep us safe.   The work they are doing there--and of course I can't say exactly what  it is that they are doing--should make us all really humbled and  grateful for those who choose to serve.   Our mission in Africa is changing. Things are shifting a little bit.  As we urge our local partners in Africa to take ownership over their  own security, the chattering class is at it again and what we will hear  from people is: Well, I think we have done enough for Africa. Don't you  think we have given enough?   My response this week to those who have made that statement has been:  No, we have not done enough. We have invested more than a decades'  worth of time, money, and manpower. We have lost men, lost ground,  regained that ground, expanded our abilities, and have achieved  moderate regional stability. But most importantly, we have confirmed  the Horn of Africa is still a geopolitical powder keg.   The same forces that swept the Horn into anarchy in the 1990s and  allowed terrorism to metastasize in the 2000s are now triggering  instability all across that continent.   For a long time, Somalia managed to limp along as a failed state  because a traditional government has never acted as their main arbiter.  Powerful clans decided for themselves who would control territory and  resources, and the clans are still very evident in that country. The  victors, in turn, weaponized access to clean water, food, and  healthcare in order to keep citizens in line.   Violent extremist organizations like al-Shabaab, ISIS, and factions  of al-Qaida have been watching, and now they are employing the same  tactics to destabilize existing governments in and beyond the Horn, in  northeast Nigeria, and in the Sahel and the Lake Chad regions of West  Africa.   We may have eradicated the physical caliphate, but mom-and-pop terror  shops are thriving. What is more, the digital caliphate is alive and  well, and it will take more than ground forces to wipe it out.   Many of my colleagues may be tempted to assume that these insurgent  hotbeds have lowered Africa's stock in the eyes of global powers, but  we shouldn't be fooled about that in this era of great power  competition. It is going to sound mighty familiar to all of us, but  China and, to a lesser extent, Russia are doing all they can to  actually buy their way into strategic dominance. This is some of what  we heard and what we learned this week. For example, China has made  inroads by agreeing to hold 80 percent of the government of Djibouti's  debt. Think about that. China has gone to this country and they have  said: Look, we will hold this debt for you, 80 percent of it.   In turn, Djibouti has accommodated China's first overseas military  outpost and granted them access to crucial shipping lanes. They have  also bought into China's Smart City Program, those all-seeing cameras  that I encountered at every intersection at Djibouti City. In other  words, the Chinese must feel like they have struck gold. They have a  huge port going in. They are helping to turn this into an intermodal  transit system with a port, with a railway. By the way, we are going to  put these cameras up to help you keep your community safe. And what is  China doing? China is collecting all that data. They are scanning all  of these faces. They are watching everything that comes into these  ports and are monitoring everything that goes on the rails.   China is doing this not only with Djibouti but with other countries  in Africa. They are trying to secure this coastline in Africa for  themselves to expand their reach.   For 12 years, the United States and our partners have worked together  to bring stability to the Horn of Africa. The State Department and  USAID have laid the groundwork for education, for health development,  institution building, and permanent democratic transition. Yet the  region remains vulnerable. Our role is going to change because, yes, we  look at it as great power competition through the military. But we also  look at the way China and Russia are pushing into their economic  sectors. Great power competition is not just playing out in the Indo- Pacific or in Eastern Europe; it is playing out right now on the  African Continent. Instead of playing defense, as we do in other  theaters, we have the opportunity to be on offense when it comes to  Africa.   If we decide that now we have had enough, these threats--from the  military, that sector, and from the economic sector--will degrade  American influence and will threaten the homeland and will imperil the  delicate and completely reversible balance that we have fought so hard  to gain. Our Nation's security cannot afford to give ground, to cede  ground, on the Continent of Africa.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   