 Madam President, I rise to add my name to S. Res.  120. This resolution would make it the sense of the Senate that we in  this Chamber oppose the global BDS movement and other efforts to  delegitimize the State of Israel.   I have long said that the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement  targeting Israel--the BDS movement--is too often used as a vehicle for  anti-Semitism.   The resolution would affirm our commitment to a two-state solution in  the Middle East, with a future viable, democratic Palestinian State  living side by side with the democratic State of Israel in peace, in  security, and with mutual recognition.   It would make clear that particularly in this climate of increased  anti-Semitism, we do not agree with efforts to delegitimize the State  of Israel. I agree with these principles, and it is why I am supporting  this resolution.   I would also like to say this: I have made it clear in the past, and  my opinion is no different today, that I will not support any  legislation that will weaken Americans' First Amendment rights. In this  country, we have a fundamental constitutional right to express our  opinions and speak out about what we believe in. We have a right to  engage in civil disobedience. We have a right to protest. This  resolution recognizes all of that. It recognizes the right of people to  protest and express their opinions about whatever country or whatever  policy they want, but the Senate is also entitled to our opinion, and I  support making it our opinion in this body that we oppose the global  BDS movement, that we want a two-state solution, and that we want to  stand by our alliance with Israel.   I am proud to stand up for these ideals. I am proud to speak out  about them. I encourage all New Yorkers and all Americans all over the  country to keep speaking out what they believe in too.   I also want to make a broader and critically important point here;  that is, today we cannot ignore the anti-Semitism that is on the rise  all around us. It is more important now than ever that we stand  together against all forms of anti-Semitism.   Just this past weekend, a hateful, anti-Semitic White supremacist  walked into a synagogue in California on the Sabbath, during a  celebration, and horrifically opened fire with a weapon of war on  people who were praying--praying--on the last day of Passover. Six  months before that, we mourned the tragedy at the Tree of Life  synagogue in Pittsburgh, when another hateful, anti-Semitic White  supremacist walked into a synagogue on the Sabbath and slaughtered  people with another weapon of war.   New Yorkers in my home State have had to endure hateful graffiti with  swastikas and even outright physical attacks. The FBI has reported a  spike in hate crimes all over our country, so has the Anti-Defamation  League.   The ADL just released its annual audit of anti-Semitic incidents.  These cases of harassment, vandalism, and assault aren't just happening  in one place; they are happening in people's businesses, in their  schools, in their cemeteries, in their synagogues, and in our public  parks. It was their third highest year on record. They are not just  happening in our country either.   In Europe, far-right political parties are winning elected office. We  are seeing new attempts to deny the Holocaust. It is all unacceptable.  Given the rise of anti-Semitism, it is particularly concerning to me  that the U.N. is so focused on continuously and singularly vilifying  Israel, in contrast to all other nations. That is why I have taken so  many steps so often to call out the U.N.'s unfair actions, and it is  why I will continue to call on the U.N. to abstain from its unfair  treatment of Israel.   The United States is supposed to be a safe haven for Israel and a  safe haven for the Jewish people. It is supposed to be a safe haven for  people of all religions. You are supposed to be able to worship freely  here and to honor the Sabbath here without coming under attack. We must  never let that change. We must not allow bigotry and violence to become  normal and routine. We must not look the other way when we hear slurs  and witness harassment.   Anti-Semitism is real and dangerous, but it is not going to stop on  its own. Only our words and our actions can do that. We need to show  the world that we are more united than ever to fight against anti- Semitism and against all other forms of racism and bigotry. We need to  send a powerful message of solidarity by standing with the Jewish  community, praying with them, and helping assure them that in this dark  moment, they are not alone.   Let me end with this. I take my faith very seriously. It grounds me.  I am grateful that I have the opportunity to attend Bible studies with  my colleagues in the Senate and that I can attend a weekly Prayer  Breakfast. I believe we are here now, at this moment, for a reason. We  are all called to end  [[Page S2584]]  hate; we are all called to speak out against the darkness; we are all  called to reject anti-Semitism; and we are all called to defend the  vulnerable. As a body, we must answer that call.   I yield the floor.   