 Madam President, the substitute amendment to H.R. 3055  contains the Appropriations Committee-reported versions of four bills:  Agriculture; Interior; Transportation, Housing and Urban Development,  one bill; and Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies.   I was very excited to see today's earlier cloture vote, which passed  88 to 5, which means that we can see those four bills to help fund  government move forward.   The Commerce-Justice-Science portion of this minibus, or CJS, was  reported out of the Appropriations Committee on a unanimous 31-to-0  vote. I particularly care about this bill as ranking member on that  subcommittee.   The CJS bill provides $70.8 billion to protect the Nation from  criminals and terrorists, warn us about violent storms and climate  change, enable fair trade, promote manufacturing and sustainable  fisheries, partner with State and local law enforcement, and provide  resources for the census to count every person in the United States  fairly and accurately.   CJS Subcommittee Chairman Moran and I took a collaborative approach  to drafting this important bill. The CJS Subcommittee held substantive  hearings, considered 1,564 individual and group requests from 75  Senators, and worked in a bipartisan way to meet the needs of the  Nation and our individual States.   Under the Constitution, since 1790, every 10 years the United States  has conducted the census, and we only get one chance every 10 years to  get it right. In addition to determining the number of Representatives  each State will have, Federal programs rely on census data to  distribute more than $900 billion annually, nearly $4 billion of which  goes to my home State of New Hampshire.   Chairman Moran and I have worked together to make sure the census has  the resources it needs. The bill provides $7.6 billion for the Bureau  of the Census--nearly double the amount provided in fiscal year 2019.  This fully funds the life-cycle estimate for the 2020 census, along  with contingencies that have been recommended by Secretary Ross but  were not requested in the budget.   The bill also directs the Census Bureau to invest in partnership and  communication efforts in hard-to-count areas in order to increase self- response rates and offset the need for expensive door-to-door followup.   Once again, the subcommittee has provided increases to law  enforcement and grant programs that fight gun violence and violent  crime. The bill includes at least a 3-percent increase for Justice  Department law enforcement agencies--more than $476 million higher than  the fiscal year 2019 level for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms  and Explosives, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the FBI, and the  Marshals Service.   Especially important, we have provided $131 million for the FBI's  National Instant Criminal Background Check System, NICS--$24 million  more than last year. This system is the key to making sure firearms are  purchased legally and helping keep weapons out of the hands of those  who wish to do harm. The bill includes increases for States to improve  record submission to NICS and for mental health courts.   We continue to provide the full $100 million authorized for STOP  School Violence Act grants. But as we know, gun violence isn't just  happening in schools, so we have included funding for other grant  programs, like $8 million for community-based violence prevention and  nearly 10 percent more for the Office of Juvenile Justice and  Delinquency Prevention to help keep children and their families safe in  their neighborhoods.   We are also addressing another form of violence facing our law  enforcement officers, and that is police suicide. I would really like  to provide more statistics regarding this important issue of police  suicide, but unfortunately I can't, and neither can anybody in this  body because no Federal agencies collect data on the subject. That is  why in the CJS bill, we direct the Justice Department to begin a  national data collection to report on police suicide so we can all  better understand the scope of the problem. We also direct the  Department to report on best practices for officer mental health and  wellness programs, including peer mentoring.   One thing we do know about police suicides, though, is that we lose  more police officers to suicide each year than we do to officers killed  in the line of duty. Our police officers need help now, so we have been  able to add $3 million for grants to allow State and local law  enforcement to provide improved mental health services, training to  reduce the stigma of officers seeking help, and programs to address  resiliency for departments and officers to handle repeated exposure to  stress and trauma.   This is an issue, sadly, we know all too well in New Hampshire, where  in the last couple of months, in the city of Nashua--our second-largest  city--we lost a very much appreciated, well-respected, and loved police  officer to suicide. We were lucky because the chief of the Nashua  Police Department and the family of that officer were willing to talk  about that suicide to raise concern about this issue so that we can  know and try to address it.   Another area of funding in this bill that will help our first  responders, in addition to the support to our State and local  governments and community organizations, is the $505 million in  dedicated grant programs to fight substance abuse, including opioids,  and to fight drug trafficking. This amount is $37 million higher than  the fiscal year 2019 level and $127.5 million higher than the budget  request.   In part because of the resources we have brought to bear on the  opioid crisis in New Hampshire and throughout New England, the  substance use disorder epidemic is developing and changing, and we are  now seeing a rapid rise in the use and trafficking of meth  amphetamines. When efforts are focused on preventing and stopping one  drug, sadly, we see others gain traction, and that is what is  happening.    After hearing from local law enforcement and community organizations,  this bill provides more flexibility to allow communities to respond to  a variety of substance abuse issues in addition to opioids in the  Comprehensive Opioid, Stimulant, and Substance Abuse Program.  Communities should not be turning away individuals who have substance  use disorders because we have a narrow definition of the programs that  can help.   Another way this bill seeks to keep Granite State communities  vibrant--and this helps other communities that depend on coastal  economies--is we reject the elimination of grants that help our coastal  communities and their economies. The bill keeps key weather satellites  on track and provides an increase for job-supporting coastal programs  like Sea Grant, Coastal Zone  [[Page S6285]]  Management Grants, the National Oceans and Coastal Security Fund, and  the National Estuarine Research Reserve System.   The bill includes continued funding to prevent a burdensome and  costly at-sea monitoring fee from being imposed on New Hampshire and  other New England fishermen. I have heard directly from our fishermen  in New Hampshire that without this support, they would have to stop  fishing and declare bankruptcy. So many seacoast communities rely on a  strong fishing industry. That is why the bill also includes $2.5  million for New England groundfish research, including looking at  measures to improve stock assessments.   Beyond the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, the  bill also supports strong investments in research and development at  the National Science Foundation; the National Aeronautics and Space  Administration, NASA; and the National Institute of Standards and  Technology, NIST. The bill includes a 5-percent increase for NIST,  which is an agency that promotes U.S. innovation and competitiveness  through scientific and technological standards and measurement.   I am pleased that the bill provides $2 million for NIST to study  whether firefighters are subject to PFAS exposure, a chemical that has  been linked to serious adverse health implications.   What we have seen is that--we think the actual equipment that is used  by so many firefighters has PFAS chemicals in that equipment, so that  while risking their lives fighting fires, firefighters also may be  exposed to a dangerous chemical that can affect their health. The last  thing our firefighters need when they are on duty is to be concerned  about the safety of their own firefighting gear.   Within NASA, we have provided balanced funding that enables science  supported by decadal surveys, supports the International Space Station,  continues developing and flying new transportation systems, and allows  for an eventual return to the Moon by humans.   We have also provided more than $900 million to restore widely  supported programs that the administration proposed to eliminate-- programs like Space Grant; EPSCoR; the Wide Field Infrared Telescope or  W-FIRST; the Plankton, Aerosol, Cloud ocean Ecosystem mission, PACE;  and Restore-L. What is important about these programs is that they  allow young people--students in every State--to be involved with NASA  and implement high-priority science objectives and to get excited about  space and the opportunities space investment offers us.   These are some of the highlights of just the Commerce-Justice-Science  portion of this minibus. I believe it is a strong, comprehensive bill.  I am proud it is on the floor. I hope it is going to pass with as  strong a margin as we saw this morning's vote give us, and I hope we  will be able to enact this bill into law before the current continuing  funding resolution expires on November 21.   I want to give credit to all of the members of both the majority and  the minority on the Appropriations subcommittee that helped negotiate  our CJS bill and all of the bills that are on the floor. They do  tremendous work, and they deserve our credit for all of their effort.   I yield the floor.   