 Mr. President, last week, I joined several of my  colleagues to highlight the unrealistic and unreasonable and  impractical ideas of the Green New Deal--the staggering cost, which is  more than the Federal Government has spent in our history; the  misguided assumptions about what it  [[Page S1823]]  would take to decarbonize the U.S. economy on such an aggressive  timeline; and the sorts of social programs that fundamentally change  the United States, and, I would add, not in a good way, in my opinion.   But the worst part that has been talked about is a point I made last  week. This resolution, this green deal resolution, dismisses or ignores  the realistic and pragmatic environmental solutions that this Congress  and past Congresses have already been working on.   I serve on the Environment and Public Works Committee with Chairman  Barrasso, who just spoke, and we have been working together in many  different areas to get the same sorts of ends.   The supporters of the Green New Deal actually claim Congress has done  nothing. Unfortunately, some in the media and some others seem to be  reiterating that same message.   As in so many policy arenas, the latest shiny object distracts from  the great bipartisan work that is being done in these Halls--work that  sometimes just doesn't get noticed--and that is exactly what is  happening here.   Well, today I would like to highlight some of the practical,  realistic, bipartisan efforts that will put us on the right path  without killing jobs or overburdening Americans with government  spending and higher costs.   Just yesterday, President Trump signed into law the bipartisan lands  package we passed in the Senate last month, and it was an overwhelming  vote. As part of that legislation, we permanently reauthorized the Land  and Water Conservation Fund, which is a critical resource for  protecting and preserving some of our country's most beautiful public  lands, including those in my State of West Virginia.   Another example of the legislative solutions that we have advanced is  the FUTURE Act, which I led with my Democratic colleagues, former  Senator Heidi Heitkamp from North Dakota and Senator Whitehouse from  Rhode Island, along with Chairman Barrasso. That legislation had a  bipartisan group of 25 cosponsors and the support of an incredibly  diverse and broad coalition of supporters: environmental groups, oil  and gas companies, Governors from around the country, and labor unions.   What cause could bring these diverse stakeholders together? Carbon  capture utilization and storage--CCUS.   The FUTURE Act reauthorized and improved the section 45Q tax credit  for CCUS, and it requires the certainty that the carbon stays captured  for good and is used in real products for market potential.   It is not about research and development. There are other Federal  programs that are reserved for that important endeavor. It is about  establishing real incentives for the commercial deployment of CCUS  technologies and establishing a national market for carbon.   Only a market-based solution like the FUTURE Act can lead to broad  adoption of CCUS. And CCUS is something that the International Panel on  Climate Change at the U.N. and several other climate and scientific  organizations say must be a part of the international solution to this  global challenge.   The FUTURE Act also includes support for direct-air capture projects,  and that means not just from a power source or some other manufacturing  source. It is actually capturing it in the free air in the environment,  which can literally pull CO2 out of the atmosphere for  storage or use in marketable products. That can work to make new  industries carbon-negative and carbon-neutral.   The United States can be a leader in this space because the  environment is a global concern, and we can't control other countries'  industrial and environmental policies, nor do we want them controlling  ours.   With CCUS and direct-air capture, not only can we cut our emissions  while maintaining high-paying coal, gas, oil, and manufacturing jobs,  but we can also capture emissions emitted abroad and use them in value- added products.   The FUTURE Act was passed as part of the bipartisan Budget Act last  Congress, and we are already seeing new projects being proposed to  benefit from this policy. Even more will be coming forward as we build  on this success, and that is where the USE IT Act comes in.   We introduced that legislation with the same group of cosponsors with  Environment and Public Works Committee Ranking Member Carper stepping  in for Senator Heitkamp. We have a similar coalition of supporters  across industry, environmental groups, State governments, and labor.   The USE IT Act will direct an interagency council to review the  guidelines and create a playbook for permitting CCUS projects and  associated carbon dioxide pipelines. This certainty from Federal  Agencies is essential so that those seeking to utilize the 45Q tax  credit that I talked about previously in the FUTURE Act can do so  before it expires.   I look forward to advancing this legislation in Congress. We have  already had a hearing on it--a very great bipartisan hearing on this-- and I look forward to furthering our achievements in the CCUS space.   The FUTURE Act also includes seed money for breakthrough innovations  in carbon capture. This expands on the good work that is already being  done in CCUS research and development, primarily through the funding of  the Fossil Energy Research and Development Office.   Congress has invested more than $4 billion in CCUS through that  program alone, in addition to several other programs to make more  efficient and environmentally sound use of our fossil resources. Some  of these breakthroughs are being developed at the National Energy  Technology Lab in Morgantown, WV, in conjunction with outside partners  like West Virginia University.   I will continue to advocate for this kind of robust funding for these  sorts of innovative energy programs, and I will support improving  energy efficiency and ensuring that the United States remains a leader  in carbon-free nuclear energy.   Doing the hard-nosed legislating and coalition building to achieve  these goals is tough enough without all of the noise around a Green New  Deal. Despite this distraction, I am confident we can continue to notch  wins in this arena. We have to because there is simply too much riding  on it for our economy and for our environment.   I yield the floor.   