 MALONEY of New York asked and was given permission  to revise and extend her remarks.)    MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding and for her outstanding work on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule and the underlying  bill, H.R. 1585, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of  2019.   I want to be associated with the remarks that the gentlewoman just  gave  [[Page H3000]]  that this is about protecting women, and the addition that says that if  you take away guns from convicted abusers or those who are being  watched and being restrained, this will save lives. So this is an  important part of protecting women.   VAWA is a law that literally, absolutely literally, saves lives, and  this bill we are voting on today provides even more lifesaving  resources to women and families, like closing the boyfriend loophole  that she just mentioned and providing housing and beds for abused  women.   It is important to point out that this landmark legislation was  created in 1994 and has been reauthorized many times. But I would say  that protecting women or providing lifesaving resources should be  permanent law. We should not have to come back to this body and be  subject to the whims of legislators who don't think it is important to  protect women, which this bill does.   One of the lifesaving resources in this bill is the Debbie Smith DNA  Backlog Grant Program, which was created by legislation I first  authored in 2004, and it is renewed in this bill through 2024.   This legislation, which has been called the most important anti-rape  prevention legislation ever signed into law, provides funding to  localities to audit and process DNA evidence kits, including  unprocessed rape kits. Each rape kit represents a life. If you convict  that rapist and get them off the street, you save the lives of other  women and prevent rape. This is just one example of this important  bill.    MALONEY of New York. Madam Chair, I rise today in  support of this amendment.   Power and control. The tools of human traffickers are the same as  those of domestic abusers.   Human trafficking and domestic violence are not distinct crimes. They  often overlap. In both cases, it is often intimate partners who traffic  or abuse their victims. In both cases, abusers and traffickers use  emotional manipulation, economic abuse, physical violence--all tactics  to exert power and control over their victims.   Support services for survivors need to recognize the intersections  between sex trafficking and domestic violence, dating violence, sexual  assault and stalking.   That is why this amendment from Congresswoman Wagner is so important.   This amendment would ensure that the Justice Department's Creating  Hope through Outreach, Options, Service and Education for Children and  Youth Program can continue to include programs that address sex  trafficking. We must address both of these crimes individually and we  do.   But we must also acknowledge that these crimes can often overlap and  where they overlap we need to address the patterns that perpetuate this  violence, in order to best serve survivors and connect them with the  resources they need to get the help they deserve.   So I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment and thank  the gentlewoman from Missouri for all of her efforts to combat human  trafficking and domestic abuse.   