 Madam President, I rise today to voice my strong  support for the ``Natural Resources Management Act,'' otherwise known  as the Public Lands Package.   I am a proud cosponsor of this package because it contains many  important priorities for California's public lands, particularly the  ``California Desert Protection and Recreation Act.'' That bill  represents the culmination of decades of collaborative efforts to  protect our desert that began in my very first year in the Senate.   The lands package also includes a bill I first introduced 10 years  ago to create California's first National Heritage Area in the  Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, as well as two bills to facilitate  smarter management of public lands and water infrastructure in our  local communities.   I am particularly grateful for Senator Murkowski's leadership in  moving this bipartisan effort forward, as well as Senators Cantwell and  Manchin's efforts as the ranking members of the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee last Congress and this one, respectively.   I would also like to thank Congressmen Paul Cook, John Garamendi, and  Mark DeSaulnier for introducing the House companions to the four bills  I mentioned.   Now, I would like to take a moment to describe the four California  bills included in this package.   Unlike many deserts in the world, the California desert is abundant  with life, full of plants and animals, many of which are only found in  California.   From desert tortoises to bighorn sheep, breathtaking wildflower  blooms to iconic Joshua trees, the beauty of the California desert is  unrivaled.   When I first came to Washington 26 years ago, California Senator Alan  Cranston asked me to carry on his efforts to protect the desert by  introducing a desert protection bill.   Despite significant opposition and even filibuster attempts, the  California Desert Protection Act of 1994 passed and was signed into law  by President Clinton.   It was a crowning achievement for desert conservation, protecting  more the 7.5 million acres of pristine desert land, establishing 69 new  Wilderness Areas, creating the Mojave National Preserve, and  establishing Death Valley and Joshua Tree National Parks.   In 2016, I worked with President Obama to designate three new  national monuments--Mojave Trails, Sand to Snow, and Castle Mountains-- to protect an additional 1.8 million acres of the desert.   But additional legislation is required to keep the promises I made at  that time to off-roaders, environmentalists, and other stakeholders to  expand conservation and recreation efforts in the desert.   The ``California Desert Protection and Recreation Act'' balances the  many uses of the California desert.   The bill protects more than 375,000 acres of wilderness, including  expanding Joshua Tree National Park and Death Valley National Park by  4,518 and 35,292 acres, respectively.   It also permanently designates six existing Off-Highway Vehicle  Recreation Areas totaling 200,580 acres to provide certainty they will  remain accessible for trail riders.   Lastly, this bill designates 77 miles of Wild and Scenic Rivers.   I am extremely proud that, after decades of hard work, our efforts to  permanently protect California's iconic desert are finally coming to  fruition.   I would like to now briefly touch on three other bills included in  this package.   First is the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area Act,  which establishes the first National Heritage Area in California.   It also authorizes $10 million in Federal funding to promote  environmental stewardship, conservation, and economic development in  communities across five Delta-area counties.   I first introduced this bill with then-Senator Barbara Boxer in 2009,  and I am pleased we are finally on the cusp of enacting it into law.  [[Page S1194]]    The Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta is the largest estuary in the  western United States.   It is one of the most productive and ecologically important  watersheds in North America.   The delta offers recreational opportunities enjoyed by millions of  visitors who come each year for boating, fishing, hunting, and  sightseeing.   It also provides critical habitat for more than 750 wildlife species,  including Sandhill cranes and other migratory birds along the Pacific  Flyway, and iconic native fish like the Chinook salmon that return each  year to spawn in tributaries upstream.   Before it was converted into farmland starting in the 19th century,  the delta flooded regularly following the springtime snowmelt and once  supported the continent's largest Native American communities.   Later, the delta served as the gateway for the California Gold Rush,  after which Chinese immigrants built hundreds of miles of levees to  make the delta's rich peat soils available for farming and to control  flooding.   Immigrants from all over the world moved to the area and established  the proud farming legacy that continues today.   Over the years, the vibrant ``river culture'' unique to delta  communities has attracted the attention of celebrated authors including  Mark Twain, Jack London, and Joan Didion.   The delta is now facing a crisis due to invasive species, urban and  agricultural run-off, channelization, dredging, water exports, and  other stressors.   I look forward to enacting this bill and continue working to restore  the delta and help preserve the rich heritage of its surrounding  communities.   Next is the ``Santa Ana Wash Land Exchange Act,'' which would help  implement a regional management plan for the Santa Ana Wash.   Federal, State, and local government, along with commercial and  public interests, all came to the table to develop a management plan  that accounts for all land uses in this area.   Our bill helps facilitate this plan by directing the Bureau of Land  Management, BLM, to exchange approximately 300 acres of land with the  San Bernardino Valley Water Conservation District at the junction of  the Santa Ana River and Mill Creek.   Today, the 4,500-acre Santa Ana Wash is a patchwork of land parcels  owned by the water conservation district or BLM.   The land exchange would help consolidate 1,347 acres of open space to  preserve and protect habitat along the river's floodplain as part of  the broader Santa Ana River Wash Plan.   Two mining companies that extract materials for cement and concrete  production also occupy the area. The bill allows these commercial  operations to continue in the Santa Ana Wash in an environmentally  sensitive manner.   The final bill included in this package that I would like to discuss  is the Contra Costa Canal Transfer Act.   This bill will transfer ownership of the Contra Costa Canal System  from the Bureau of Reclamation to the Contra Costa Water District to  allow the water district to complete necessary safety improvements.   The water district would like to convert the existing open earthen  canal to a closed pipe, which is expected to cost $650 million.   The water district understandably wants to take title in order to use  as collateral for issuing bonds to cover the cost of the conversion,  and this bill would accomplish this.   Tragically, 82 people have drowned in the canal over the past 70  years despite protective fencing.   That is more than one death per year on average, which would be  prevented if the canal were converted into a pipe.   I am sad to say that there was another drowning in the canal just  last year.   Additionally, drought is always an issue in California, and water is  becoming more and more expensive.   About 6 percent of the canal's water is lost through evaporation and  seepage. A covered pipeline would eliminate these losses.   Before I conclude, I would also like to thank Senator Murkowski for  including in the package a permanent reauthorization of the Land and  Water Conservation Fund.   In California alone, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has been  responsible for the creation or improvement of more than 1,000 parks  since 1965.   It has also helped to protect some of California's most iconic  places, including the Lake Tahoe Basin, the California desert, Point  Reyes National Seashore, Headwaters Forest, the San Diego and Don  Edwards National Wildlife Refuges, and the national forests of the  Sierra Nevada.   Once again, I am proud to cosponsor and support this vitally  important and beneficial legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote  for it.   Thank you.   