 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the issue of  stagnant wages for African Americans and, as a result, the lack of  economic opportunities. The Federal current minimum wage is $7.25, not  enough to sustain an individual's necessary expenses, let alone for  those who are an entire American family.   In fact, the purchasing power of the current minimum wage has  gradually eroded over the past decade. Since this minimum wage was  raised to $7.25, its purchasing power has declined by 17 percent due to  inflation.   Mr. Speaker, this is a staggering thought: A person working 40 hours  a week at the current Federal minimum wage earns a gross income of  $15,000 per year before taxes. Even families working full-time earning  the Federal minimum wage are below the Federal poverty level.   This is why we need to pass the Raise the Wage Act. Under H.R. 582,  1.3 million Americans will be lifted out of poverty. This includes  600,000 children who will finally have a shot at a better life simply  because of raising the minimum wage.   The Raise the Wage Act helps women and workers of color the most  since women are nearly two-thirds of the American workforce who earn  the Federal minimum wage or just above that. In Michigan's 14th  District, up to 61,000 women and over 76,000 Black and Hispanic workers  in my district alone will receive a wage increase. This bill is way  overdue.   Mr. Speaker, let me reference a letter from my colleague, the  Honorable Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas: ``We have seen a recent  epidemic of the working poor, hardworking Americans who each day are  forced to choose between food, shelter, clothing, or healthcare for  themselves and their families. In the past 40 years, minimum wage  increases have not kept pace,'' causing many families to struggle.   The Honorable Eddie Bernice Johnson says that the current minimum  wage in her home State of Texas ``is only $7.25 an hour and even lower  for workers in the service industry who instead rely heavily on  customer tips for take-home pay. The African American community, which  makes up a significant portion of the minimum wage workforce, is  disproportionately affected by lower wages.   ``According to the Economic Policy Institute, 38.1 percent of all  Black workers would receive higher pay as a result of an increased  wage, therefore opening up new economic opportunities.   ``We must act quickly to ensure that any American willing to work 40  hours a week can afford basic necessities.''   That is why, Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson says, she is proud  to be a cosponsor of H.R. 582, the Raise the Wage Act. The bill will  lift millions of Americans out of poverty by gradually increasing the  minimum wage over a period of 5 years to $15.   Mr. Speaker, I want to be on the Record and join my colleague,  Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson, to say: ``The growing racial  wealth gap in our country can no longer go unnoticed. We now have an  opportunity to take concrete steps to help close the gap.''   This bill is way overdue.   