 Madam President, I want to get straight to the point  this morning. I find it incomprehensible that some of our friends  across the aisle are repeating the same missteps that turned last  fall's Supreme Court confirmation battle into a black mark on the  history of this body.   I want to make it clear that I have no desire to relitigate the  disputes borne from Justice Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation hearings. I  do not want to hear my friends on the other side of the aisle leverage  more of the same baseless, salacious allegations in the name of  partisan politicking. But when you stop and think about it, since they  have chosen to go there, it is imperative that I speak out--that we  speak out--about what is transpiring.   I was not in the Senate for the first go-around on this, but I am  here now, and I can tell you that I intend to give their arguments  exactly the amount of deference and respect they deserve.   Sitting on the sidelines is never easy, but it is especially  difficult when you are watching a fight and you know you could get in  there and help win that fight. I know this feeling very well. Last  fall, I was fighting to go from the House of Representatives to the  Senate. I was also fighting to become the first female Senator from the  great State of Tennessee--the very first.   While on the campaign trail, I got more than an earful from other  Tennessee women who were watching this breathless coverage of Justice  Kavanaugh's confirmation. These women were concerned that their voices  were not being heard in this debate. They were concerned also for  spouses, sons, brothers, and male colleagues. They could see these  baseless claims, and they were concerned for the lack of due process.  They did not like for 1 minute what they were seeing, and I didn't like  it either.   These women came from all political walks of life and all areas of  our State. They were disgusted by the nature of the sexual assault  allegations, and they were horrified by what they rightly saw as an  eagerness to set aside the due process that is so important to this  Nation and to the rule of law. It was being set aside in order to make  an example out of Kavanaugh.   Were flimsy allegations and social justice buzzwords really the new  standard for credibility?   As much as I wanted to reassure these women that sanity would  prevail, in the back of my mind I remained fully aware that, if left  unchecked, insanity is fully capable of carrying the day. It knows no  bounds.   As it turns out, conservatism prevailed in Tennessee, and sanity  prevailed in the U.S. Senate. I was humbled when Supreme Court Justice  Brett Kavanaugh performed my ceremonial swearing-in this past January  and when I received the additional honor of being one of two Republican  women afforded a seat on the Senate Judiciary Committee--humbled, truly  humbled, but also prepared to stand up for what I know is right.   I will not abide by or participate in the lack of civility that we  saw during Justice Kavanaugh's confirmation. We have to realize that  this is more serious than just evaluating a final tally of political  points on the board. Politicians, journalists, and activists are  leveraging unfounded criminal allegations against a duly confirmed  Supreme Court justice. I repeat that: They are leveraging unfounded  criminal allegations against a duly confirmed Supreme Court justice in  an effort to undermine not only his work but ultimately the entire  Court as an institution.   Is this honestly what we have come to? Is this the new low of lows?  Can no one see the danger in doing this and letting it continue and  giving it air to breathe or to thrive? This is a danger. We are a  nation of laws, and the Senate is a body built on process and  deliberation.   Tennesseans are asking: Who is going to stand and who is going to  defend that process in this body?   As a woman, as a new Senator and a member of the Senate Judiciary  Committee, I stand to defend the process and for civility. I refuse to  leave this political chaos unchecked, and I welcome my colleagues and  my friends across the aisle to join me in recognizing that due process  and civil discourse are required for constructive, respectful debate.   I yield the floor.   