 Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleagues in  commemorating the 50th anniversary of American astronauts becoming the  first humans to walk on the Moon.   It was 50 years ago that the United States met one of the biggest  challenges it had ever set for itself. Through determination, hard  work, invention, and innovation, the United States fulfilled President  Kennedy's vision of reaching the Moon before the end of the 1960s.   I remember that time very well, for July 16, 1969, was my dad's 37th  birthday. We were vacationing in Florida, at the Spyglass Inn on the  beach. We were so excited to be close to Merritt Island, FL, where  Apollo 11 was being launched. We were in our hotel room, watching the  television. That is one vacation I will never forget. As a young girl,  I remember watching those first astronauts step foot on the Moon. It  was with great awe that I watched Apollo 11 lift off from the Earth and  watched the lunar module land safely on the surface of the Moon. With a  lot of amazement, I watched Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin as they  announced ``the Eagle has landed'' and then as they took those first  brave steps on the Moon. It was with great pride that I watched them  plant the American flag on the Moon.   Those brave NASA astronauts of the Apollo program today continue to  serve as an inspiration that we are capable of anything we set our  minds to. Equally important is the reminder that those astronauts could  not have reached the Moon without their having the support of the  thousands of men and women who were both in NASA and in the aerospace  industry. It is a reminder that we are at our best when we work  together.   While NASA's mission has changed and evolved over the last 60 years,  the aerospace industry continues to play a vital role in our quest for  knowledge and America's national security mission.   In my home State of Mississippi, we are very proud of the conspicuous  roles our citizens play in our Nation's space exploration and  endeavors. Since the earliest days of America's space program,  Mississippi has played an important role in the quest to explore the  stars.    For more than 50 years, the John C. Stennis Space Center, in Hancock  County, MS, has dutifully tested and approved NASA's largest rocket  engines, including the Saturn V rockets that took our astronauts to the  Moon and, later, the engines for the space shuttle program. Stennis is  today testing engines and rocket stages for NASA's Space Launch System,  which will again take humans beyond low-Earth orbit. I am pleased, much  like in the Apollo days, that Mississippi has an important role in the  SLS program. As we are fond of reminding everyone, ``The road to space  goes through Mississippi.''   However, Stennis isn't only known for its rocket testing to support  NASA missions; it also proudly bears the title of the ``Federal City''  and is one of the Federal Government's best places to work. With a  13,800-acre area that is surrounded by a 125,000-acre buffer zone, it  has allowed dozens of our Federal and private sector tenants to take  advantage of its unique isolation and security to serve our Nation's  interest across many sectors, perhaps most notably in the field of  oceanography and meteorology.   The meteorological and oceanographic modeling and forecasting  capabilities at Stennis provide naval commanders with the information  they need to make good decisions that affect the safety of ships and  sailors around the world every single day. The Navy's largest  supercomputer is located at Stennis.   The unique Federal city of Stennis Space Center covers exploration  from the bottom of the ocean to the far reaches of the universe. It is  America's largest rocket test complex--an impressive tsunami and  weather buoy production site--and is a place where elite Naval Special  Warfare personnel conduct highly advanced riverine and jungle training  by using cutting-edge unmanned systems technology. Stennis also houses  several private initiatives, such as Aerojet Rocketdyne's engine  assembly facility, Lockheed Martin's Mississippi Space & Technology  Center, a Rolls Royce test facility, and Relativity Space. The national  and international scope of work that takes place at Stennis every day  creates a local, direct economic impact of nearly $600 million and has  nearly $1 billion in its global impact.   As we mark this 50th anniversary, I am pleased that Stennis Space  Center is helping to inspire, encourage, and prepare students to pursue  science, technology, engineering, and math-related careers--the talents  we will need to get to Mars and beyond.   Since its inception more than 60 years ago, NASA has pioneered  scientific discovery and captivated the Nation. These capabilities are  especially important in today's world, where innovation and fostering  an interest among our youth in the science, technology, mathematics,  and engineering fields are vital to the United States' continuing to be  a success in this world.   I am proud that Mississippi plays a vital role in our Nation's work  to meet the technological challenges of today and tomorrow. This work  occurs not only at Stennis Space Center but also at so many other  related businesses across the State of Mississippi.   The people of Mississippi look with pride at our role in the United  States' having reached the Moon 50 years ago, and we look forward to  the decades ahead when the testing, technology, and innovation taking  place in our State helps the American space program reach new,  monumental achievements. I believe the 50th anniversary of the Apollo  11 Moon landing can and should inspire generations of people around the  world to explore and push the boundaries of what they believe to be  possible.   