 Madam President, I rise to highlight several key parts  of the appropriations package the Senate will be considering later on  this week. First, I want to point out some statistics. Ninety-two  thousand of our coal miners are counting on us to protect their  pensions. Thirteen thousand coal miners are counting on us to protect  their healthcare benefits. This week, we will have a chance to do just  that.   I am very proud to have worked with our leader, Senator McConnell,  Senator Manchin, Senator Portman, and others to introduce and champion  the Bipartisan American Miners Act. I appreciate that my counterpart on  the House side, Congressman   David McKinley, has worked consistently  and tirelessly on this bill in the House, along with our other  Representatives from West Virginia, Alex Mooney and Carol Miller. Most  of all, I appreciate the West Virginian miners and their families who  have traveled to Washington to advocate for their promised benefits and  for their communities. I  [[Page S7076]]  stood outside the Capitol with thousands of coal miners and their  families several years ago in seriously suffocating heat, as DC can  heat up during the summer, to rally in support of those benefits.  Miners have come to Washington in the snow and in the rain. Their  camouflage shirts have stood out around the Capitol as they worked  tirelessly to educate us about the critical need for action. You have  probably seen them in the halls. No one should be surprised by their  dedication and commitment because our West Virginian miners have  answered the call throughout their careers. Their hard work provided  the electricity and the steel that has powered our American economy.   The time has come to protect those retirement benefits these miners  have earned. The Bipartisan American Miners Act will secure both  pension and healthcare benefits for those hard-working men and women.   I want to thank the United Mine Workers of America and their  president, Cecil Roberts, for his work and their work in advocating for  our miners. More than 25,000 miners from all of West Virginia's 55  counties will have received payments from their pension benefits last  year.   More than 5,600 West Virginians miners are at risk of losing their  healthcare benefits if we fail to act. Almost $200 million in pension  benefits were paid from this fund to West Virginians last year. The  loss of those funds would certainly have harmed the retirees  themselves, no doubt, but also the local businesses they patronize  across the State and their communities.   As one West Virginian wrote to me just last night, ``My father is a  retired miner from Marion County who will be turning 80 in January.  This will give him and my mother some long overdue and well deserved  peace of mind. They have been worrying unduly throughout the last  several months.''   Thousands of miners in West Virginia and elsewhere in coal country  will have a merrier Christmas when this bill becomes law later this  week. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this critical  legislation.   There are a number of other reasons to support the appropriations  bills we will be considering in the next several days. I wanted to  highlight one that can have a significant impact on my State of West  Virginia.   I was proud to ensure that in the transportation and infrastructure  title of the appropriations bill, we fund the Appalachian Development  Highway System at $100 million. That will help us as we work to  continue the last remaining enormous project in our State, Corridor H.   I have also advocated for action to address our structurally  deficient bridges. In my State, we have a lot of hills and a lot of  valleys, and we have a lot of bridges. Almost 20 percent of our West  Virginia bridges are classified as structurally deficient. I think it  is a universal statistic in the country. This bill takes the absolutely  necessary step to provide funding for over $1.15 billion to fund  highway bridge projects of which West Virginia is eligible for $50  million.   Roads and bridges have a huge economic impact on our communities and  our quality of life, everything we do every day. I am proud we have  included these important investments.   As chairman of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, I  want to address items included in our subcommittee's funding bill as  well. A little over a year ago, I stood here to talk about the  increasing crisis at our southern border. When I spoke to you then,  apprehensions at our southern border were 30 percent higher than they  were the year before, and they were much higher than they are today, as  I speak. The crisis was not limited to the realm of illegal immigrants  because fentanyl seizures were up 115 percent, along with other illicit  narcotics: heroin, methamphetamine, cocaine, marijuana. Thanks to the  leadership of the President and also this Congress the situation has  improved.   We should also recognize the improved coordination with Mexico and  partnerships with other countries that have helped curb the flow of  those entering our country illegally. Though the situation has  improved, it is far from being solved. Frankly, we are one ruling away  from an activist judge who could create the flows of those trending  upward again.   As such, I am proud to say that the homeland security title in the  package we are considering this week provides funds and resources to  continue the good work we have been pursuing to stem the tide of  illegal immigration. Twice I have seen firsthand on the border--the  southwest border--the challenges we face--and, yes, the progress we  have made.   This bill supports the work of the men and women of the Department at  CBP, ICE, HSI, the Coast Guard, and many others who are daily standing  watch on our borders, on our coasts, and on our computer networks.   This bill invests in personnel, particularly by creating a new  position: Border Patrol processing coordinators. This was a particular  interest of mine after talking to numerous people at the Department and  while visiting the border, describing the frustration they felt as  agents and officers. This funding provided for these processing  coordinators will return 240 of our border agents to the frontlines to  enforce our immigration laws, which is what they are trained to do.    In regard to physical barriers, we provide the enacted level of $1.37  billion. The only thing similar to last year is the amount of money  provided because the flexibility we provide the Department is a  significant change and a significant improvement.   The bipartisan fiscal year 2017 appropriations bill required our  Customs and Border Protection to provide us with a comprehensive Border  Security Improvement Plan. I was going to bring it with me today, but,  to be honest with you, I left it in my office. The funds we provide  this week will enable the Department to follow that plan.   While passage of our Senate bill would have been ideal, a continuing  resolution would have had a devastating effect on homeland security.  The bill we are going to pass will help us take another step forward in  securing our border.   I am so very proud of the men and women who work at the Department of  Homeland Security, and I was able to meet quite a few. The crisis they  faced when I spoke here last year was a real one. Through their  dedication and efforts, so much progress has been made, and I look  forward to speaking to you a year from now about what we have been able  to accomplish with the resources and tools we can provide them with  this bill.   There are many other vital provisions across our appropriations bill,  including a 3.1-percent pay increase for our troops and significant  increases in funding for our veterans for the MISSION Act, increasing  funding for combating the opioid epidemic, expanding our rural  broadband, and researching cures for diseases.   One of those diseases hit many of us and has hit me quite personally;  that is, Alzheimer's. Research for Alzheimer's is, I think, absolutely  essential, and we are increasing that.   I commend all my colleagues who worked to put together the bipartisan  appropriations bills. I congratulate Senator Shelby, in particular, and  Senator Leahy for working together, and I look forward to voting for  these bills later in the week.   With that, I yield back.   