 Madam President, this is not the first time I have  come to the floor to discuss a situation that is on our Nation's  southern border and the need that we as a country have for a stronger,  more efficient immigration policy. I have made more than one trip to  South Texas this year, and each time I have returned, I have found  myself more motivated to cut through the noise, and to get something  done.   What should be a practical policy discussion has, unfortunately,  turned political, and very real problems have compounded into an  unprecedented crisis.   Within these Halls, we have debates over asylum caps and visa  requirements. They are indeed important issues, but recent reports on  the explosion of human rights violations perpetrated by cartels,  coyotes, and international gangs have added some much needed context to  these debates.   By now, we have all heard how dangerous the journey to our southern  border can be for those who are being brought forward by cartels,  coyotes, and international gangs. Traffickers have really built a big  business--a very big and profitable business--on moving drugs and  desperate human cargo across the border. Sometimes these individuals  make it, and sometimes the guides leave their charges to die--to die  alone in the desert. Rumors of abuse, assault, and gang rape have  manifested and been proven true. Border Patrol agents at most ports of  entry administer pregnancy tests to girls as young as 12 years of age.   While we waste time arguing over talking points, monsters--absolute  monsters--are dragging children into the crosshairs of an international  crisis. While we debate the best way to amend our loose asylum laws,  traffickers are finding ways to exploit those laws, using children to  force their way back and forth across the border under the guise of  parental legitimacy.   ``Child recycling'' is a crude term but an accurate term, and we  define it as when a minor is used more than once by alien adults who  are neither relatives nor legal guardians but pose as family members  for the purposes of crossing the border. How despicable and how very  selfish of them. Child-recycling isn't a myth, unfortunately. It is not  an urban legend. It is a definite, well-defined, clear and present  danger.   DHS has uncovered more than 5,500 fraudulent asylum claims since May  of 2018. I want you to think about that number--5,500 fraudulent asylum  claims since May of 2018. Customs and Border Patrol tells us that  unaccompanied minors are particularly vulnerable to trafficking and  that drug runners and sex predators are rolling the dice on these  fraudulent asylum claims to move their products--which, bear in mind,  are people and drugs--to move them more efficiently.   Earlier this year, Immigration and Customs Enforcement introduced a  pilot program they believed would help determine how serious the child  recycling problem is. They began administering DNA tests on all adults  accompanied by minors who claimed a familial relationship but lacked  the paperwork to prove this relationship. As a safeguard, all swabs  were destroyed, and no genetic profiles were collected or stored. The  purpose was solely to  [[Page S5462]]  prove a DNA match. And thank goodness somebody was watching. The  results have been horrifying. One in five claims of kinship is  fraudulent. That means one in five children who were brought to the  border and then funneled into the pilot program was likely being  exploited.   I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to say that finally we  have had enough and to voice their support for the End Child  Trafficking Now Act. This act requires the Department of Health and  Human Services, in conjunction with the Department of Homeland  Security, to administer DNA tests for all adults accompanied by minors  at a port of entry who claim a familial relationship without sufficient  legal documentation to prove the connection.   Refusal of the test will be met with immediate deportation.  Fabrication of family ties or guardianship will carry a maximum 10-year  penalty, and the child will be processed as an unaccompanied minor  under current law. Proven family members and guardians, however, will  be allowed to move forward with the immigration process.   The tests themselves are simple--a quick swab of the cheek and a  quick wait. I say ``quick'' because we will be using a new form of  genetic testing that can analyze a DNA sample in about 90 minutes.   I will tell you that I am aware that the various factions in this  Chamber have vastly different approaches to immigration reform. We  should be having a serious discussion about the fundamental flaws in  our policies and our plans to fix them. I welcome these discussions,  and I look forward to the changes, but I know and my colleagues know  that no one bill or package will repair what is broken in our current  immigration system. There is no viable quick fix.   We owe it to this country and we owe it to the children who are  brought here under duress and under false premises to do whatever we  can to prevent what experience and pilot testing have proved we can  indeed prevent. Let's make certain that children coming to the southern  border are with family and that they are protected.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   