 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Price for yielding and  discussing this issue with me regarding the FAA's recent threat to  withhold over $250 million annually in FAA grants to California's  airports and divert over $70 million in voter approved local general  sales tax away from their voter approved purpose for transportation,  police, fire, and the healthcare of our citizens.   Mr. Chairman, on May 17, California and Illinois were sent letters by  FAA threatening to withhold Federal aviation funds because FAA believes  the States have not followed a 2014 FAA policy change which would  require State and local governments across the country--not just  California and Illinois--to use general sale taxes collected on  aviation fuel for airport purposes.   Although FAA sent the first letters to California and Illinois, they  have sent letters of inquiry to other States like Georgia, and this  issue also has significant effects in Georgia and any State and local  government that has aviation fuel as a part of their general sales tax.   Mr. Chairman, California sent a letter to the FAA over a year and a  half ago on December 8, 2017, explaining their plan of action for  compliance with the FAA policy change. FAA did not respond to  California's letter until last month when they gave California 30 days  to change their compliance plan and seek burdensome tax information  from all 58 State counties and over 100 cities in our State.   This is further concerning in the State of California because our  general sales taxes are voter approved by two-  [[Page H5058]]  thirds margin. FAA is trying to undermine the will of our California  voters.   Mr. Chairman, I ask that you work with me and my colleagues who are  concerned about FAA's action and with Representatives Alan Lowenthal,  Jared Huffman, Adam Schiff, Harley Rouda,   John Garamendi, Salud  Carbajal,   David Scott, and   John Lewis in addressing this situation  regarding FAA's threat of unreasonable enforcement on many States and  local governments.   Mr. Chairman, I thank you very much.   