 A.  Grassley, after Louis Arthur Grassley, my dad--also cast a history- making vote that day in a local election.   This picture says this is my mother here, but this is my mother right  here. So the Des Moines Register was wrong in identifying this person,  when this person is my mother. The Waterloo Courier got it right that  this was Ruth Grassley, but instead of with two s's, the Waterloo  Courier spelled it with one s.   The Waterloo Times Tribune was present at this vote and reported that  ``Black Hawk and Grundy County women gained fame Friday by being the  first in the state and probably the first in the nation to take  advantage of the privilege of equal suffrage.'' That is from the  Waterloo paper.   You would think that I would have known about this while my mother  was living. I didn't know anything about it. I have since learned that  this photo was widely distributed in newspapers across the country,  illustrating the historic victory of women's suffrage.   This election in Iowa was held just 29 hours after the official  announcement of the ratification of the 19th Amendment.   This photo of my mother also immortalized her vote for posterity. She  did so without any fanfare. She never bragged about anything, including  her history-making vote in the local election. In fact, it wasn't until  after she had passed away by maybe 20 years that I learned that my  mother, Ruth Grassley, was one of the very first women in Iowa to cast  her vote.   While I was growing up, I didn't realize what a trailblazer she was  from the standpoint of women's suffrage. I knew she was a trailblazer  in many other ways. Many suffragists wore their mission as a badge of  honor for all to see. With 50 years of fighting to get it, I sure don't  blame them for doing that. Others, like my mother, were equally as  proud to carry out their newfound right and civic duty in anonymity. I  am not surprised I never knew this story about my mother. My mother  cast her vote to make her voice count, perhaps not even realizing she  was making history at that moment.   Today, at this moment, I stand here as an Iowa farm boy, a proud son  of a very early voter in Iowa--one of the first four, according to the  Des Moines Register--and a U.S. Senator from Iowa because I want to  share her story on the centennial anniversary marking Senate passage of  the 19th Amendment.   As Americans, we celebrate the Founding Fathers who enshrined the  [[Page S3184]]  principles of limited government, free enterprise, and personal  responsibility in our Constitution. Let us also pay tribute, then, to  our founding mothers who fought and who secured these cherished  blessings of freedom and liberty for their daughters and granddaughters  yet to come in the same document. Today, we remember their legacy.  Let's respect their legacy.   A century after the Senate voted in favor of the 19th Amendment--on  this very day 100 years ago--I encourage all Americans to treasure  their right to vote. The suffragists of yesterday helped shape the  course of history to ensure all Americans today and for sure in the  future will carry the torch of freedom, liberty, justice, and  opportunity for all for generations to come.   I yield the floor.   