 I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business.    Madam President, this week, families across our country  are preparing to celebrate Mother's Day and recognize the hard work  that women do to support their families and build a brighter future in  their communities.   Here in Congress, we should be working to help moms back in  Washington State and across the country. Unfortunately, instead of  looking for ways to support women, President Trump has been pushing an  ideological agenda that undermines their health, reproductive rights  and freedoms, and economic security.   When it comes to healthcare, President Trump is working to sabotage  the care moms and their families rely on. He changed Federal rules to  let insurance companies sell junk coverage that does not cover  maternity care, and he is arguing in court to strike down protections  for women and people with preexisting conditions in all plans insurers  sell.   Instead of supporting the Title X Family Planning Program, which has  a history of bipartisan support and a tremendous track record helping  women get critical, low-cost family planning and preventive healthcare  services, President Trump is chipping away at it and working to strip  title X grants from Planned Parenthood, which serves tens of thousands  of women in my home State of Washington each year and millions more  nationwide, including mothers like Shannon.   Shannon first went to Planned Parenthood when she was 18 for what  turned out to be endometriosis. It is a condition that causes severe  menstrual pain and can affect fertility. Thanks to the treatment she  received at Planned Parenthood, today Shannon is managing her chronic  pain and raising an adorable little girl.   When I was in Seattle a few weeks ago, another constituent, Cindy,  shared how a routine screening at Planned Parenthood saved her life by  detecting cancer early on and giving her the head start she needed to  beat it. Today Cindy is not just a survivor; she is a mother because  she was able to get pregnant after she went into remission.   We should be supporting providers that help women like them get the  care they need, not burdening them with restrictions designed to force  out Planned Parenthood or gag clauses that prevent providers from even  discussing a patient's right to a safe, legal abortion. Moms deserve  better.   Unfortunately President Trump's attacks on women's reproductive  rights go well beyond his changes to the title X program. Since day  one, he has been working to jam our courts full of far-right judges to  appease extreme Republicans who want to see Roe v. Wade struck down.  When President Trump nominated Justice Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court,  we heard from women and men across the country, concerned about what  his confirmation would mean. Countless women shared their personal  stories about what life was like before Roe v. Wade and what the right  to get a safe, legal abortion has meant to their families.   So while Republicans continue to press ahead with extreme, harmful  legislation--like the bill that was just passed in Georgia--and  President Trump continues to tell outright lies meant to demonize women  and their healthcare providers, people are going to continue calling  out those lies, calling out the attempts to turn back the clock, and  standing in solidarity with women across the country.   President Trump's harmful attacks on women's healthcare are hardly  the only time he has ignored how his policies would hurt women and  their families. He has also cruelly and unnecessarily separated  hundreds of migrant parents and their children. Yolany is a  [[Page S2718]]  mother who is being detained in Tacoma, WA, while her 6-year-old son  has been sent all the way across the country to New York. According to  media reports, they were kept apart for almost 2 months before they  were reunited. Their story is just one of so many pointless tragedies  President Trump's heartless family separation policy has caused.   Moms deserve better, especially when there are so many other  challenges on which they need us to lead. There is the maternal  mortality crisis and the appalling fact that our country has the  highest maternal death rate in the developed world. We know this crisis  is worse for women of color--for African-American women in particular,  who face an even higher maternal death rate. Because of a new report  from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we also know that  three out of five pregnancy-related deaths in our country are  preventable.   We should be working together to take action to stop so many mothers  from dying in childbirth and building on the $50 million Maternal  Mortality Initiative that I fought to enact in this year's funding bill  to expand evidence-based programs to prevent maternal mortality and  advance maternal health equity.   There is the childcare crisis and the reality that for far too many  parents, quality, affordable childcare is not available. One mother in  Washington State told me how she struck out with more than 10 childcare  centers before she finally found one that could care for her son, and  when she did find it, it cost her more than her mortgage. We should be  working to make sure all parents can go to work and know their children  will be well cared for.   We should also be fighting for paid family leave so that people will  have the time they need to welcome new members to their families and  start building those bonds that will last a lifetime and so that no  parent will have to choose between a paycheck and caring for a sick  child.   At a time when there is so much we could be doing to make life better  for mothers and fathers and families across the country, it is  disappointing that President Trump has spent so much time looking for  ways to make things worse.   While the Trump administration may not be fighting for families, moms  are. Just last week, I attended a rally here in Washington, DC, and met  a mom who came all the way across the country, from Washington State,  to speak up for families like hers. I know what it is like to be in her  shoes--or tennis shoes, I should say. I also know that when people like  her speak up and fight for change, they do make a difference, which is  why I am so inspired by the moms whose stories I have shared today and  by the many others who shared their stories with me back in my home  State of Washington.   I wish all the moms out there a happy Mother's Day. I know you are  going to keep fighting for your families, and I want you to know we are  going to keep fighting for you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 6  minutes on the Dhillon nomination.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to oppose the  nomination of Janet Dhillon to the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission.   I have a number of concerns about her record, which I plan to lay out  here today, but before I do, I want to talk about the process by which  this nomination has come to the Senate floor.   It has long been common practice in the Senate to confirm nominees to  independent agencies as pairs--one Republican and one Democrat.   We do this so agencies like the EEOC are balanced and are able to  fully function no matter which party is in the White House. In the case  of the EEOC, it ensures workers are being protected from discrimination  in the workplace.   Yet, at every opportunity, Republicans have broken norms and  abandoned longstanding practices to jam through their nominees. First  it was the National Labor Relations Board, when my colleagues across  the aisle jammed through two Republican nominees without any Democrats  and then refused to give a highly qualified nominee another term on the  Board--all because that highly qualified nominee was fighting on the  side of workers, not corporations. Then one lone Republican was allowed  to object to the reconfirmation of a well-respected Commissioner to  another term on the EEOC, even if that meant the EEOC would no longer  have a quorum and be able to perform some of its most critical duties.   I came down to the floor to urge our colleagues to end the partisan  obstruction and pass a slate of nominees to the EEOC, but Republican  leaders allowed one Republican Member's opposition to a  noncontroversial nominee to hold more weight than the entire Senate  minority.   Now, here we are today, and Republicans want to jam through another  nominee without their Democratic pair, and by doing this, my colleagues  across the aisle have now abandoned longstanding norms of the Senate  and are once again sending a message to the most vulnerable workers  they believe the corporations that discriminate against them deserve  more of a say.   This is unacceptable and goes against the core of the EEOC. It is  illegal to discriminate against someone in the workplace because of  their race, religion, sex, disability, or because they are LGBTQ. It is  the EEOC's responsibility to enforce those laws and to give every  person the opportunity to earn a living without fear of discrimination  or harassment.   The EEOC protects LGBTQ rights in the workplace and is the primary  agency addressing the gender pay gap. The EEOC is responsible for  addressing harassment in the workplace, an issue our country has been  grappling with but still has a long way to go. Over the past 2 years,  as so many brave women and men have spoken out and shared their  stories, we have seen a shift in this country toward acknowledging,  finally, the epidemic of harassment and assault in workplaces, and  finally we are beginning to address it on a large scale. In Hollywood,  the media, even in the Halls of Congress--those who have used their  position of power to prey on the less powerful are finally being held  accountable.   Workers in industries outside the spotlight, in hospitality or farm  fields, and in offices around the country are waiting for the same kind  of reckoning. For many of these workers, the EEOC is one of the few  places they can turn. It is a resource for workers who want to file  complaints and hold employers and businesses accountable for  discrimination and harassment. This issue should matter to everyone-- Democrats and Republicans--and this critical civil rights agency should  be able to stay out of the political fray too. We have to ensure that  the EEOC is balanced and remains committed to its core mission.   Unfortunately, Janet Dhillon's record proves she is not going to  stand up for workers. Ms. Dhillon has spent her career working on the  side of corporations, making it easier for them to violate workers'  rights without consequence. She has fought against positions the EEOC  has taken that help ensure workers have the protections they need.   In her confirmation hearing, she refused to commit to maintaining the  EEOC's current and critical position that LGBTQ workers are protected  under the Civil Rights Act, which is something, by the way, that should  not be up for debate.   So what we are seeing today is another power grab by Republican  leaders, another Republican step toward partisanship and away from  balance, and if Ms. Dhillon is confirmed, another step backward under  Republican leadership for workers who simply want to be treated fairly  on the job, especially those workers who historically have not had the  rights or resources to come forward.   I urge the Senate leadership to postpone this vote and work with the  White House to get our Democratic nominee ready for confirmation--she  is waiting--so there is no other break in yet another Senate tradition.  It is bad for workers. It is bad for our country.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   