 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in opposition to the  resolution on the floor.   For the past 7 months, the President has stated that there is a  crisis on our border. Republican House leadership has said there is a  crisis on the border. My colleagues have said there is a crisis on the  border. And I have said there is a crisis on the border.   Throughout this, the Washington Democrats have denied it again and  again. From the party leadership and the committee chairs in hearings  and even on the House floor, many have said that the crisis is fake,  phony, nonexistent, manufactured, imaginary, and false. They turned a  blind eye to a crisis because of political opposition, and the media  followed suit.   A few weeks ago, several of my colleagues across the aisle took a  trip to our southern border, bringing cameras and journalists along  with them. They finally came to terms with what the Republicans have  been saying for months.   However, instead of focusing on the root of the problem,  underfunding, overcrowding, backlogged cases, and unprecedented surges,  they opposed funding and passed a bill to ban construction on the  southern border.   For 7 months, my colleagues across the aisle have denied a crisis and  failed to act. They still haven't acted. I want to work together to  solve this crisis. Instead, we are here debating political nonsense. I  have had enough talk about tweets, squads, infighting, labels, and  petty disagreements.   When we look at the content of the legislation brought up for  discussion today, it is no surprise that the American people have such  a low approval of Congress. If it is not a messaging bill to placate  the activists, it is an advancement of the socialist agenda, a bill to  handcuff our President, or a denouncement of American values.   I came to Congress to create jobs, grow the economy, innovate our  energy industry, and fix West Virginia's infrastructure. I was sent  here to move our country forward and to solve the problems that  actually affect the lives of those we represent. To improve our  communities, our country, that is why we are all here.   This resolution is a waste of time. I urge my colleagues to oppose  this legislation and any legislation that doesn't deliver the results  for our country that our citizens deserve.   