 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from  Florida for hosting this important Special Order today.   The United States is currently facing a very real and dangerous  threat from the People's Republic of China. The Chinese Government is  not just using a whole-of-government approach but, rather, a whole-of- nation approach to achieve global influence.   Today, I would like to focus on two areas of concern: Chinese  military development, and its influence operations targeting U.S.  academia and research.   China is rapidly modernizing its military in order to improve its  anti-access/area denial radius, power force projection, and nuclear  capabilities, with the goal of complete military modernization by 2035.  Investments in nuclear and power projection capabilities have expanded  China's reach beyond the Pacific region and into other parts of the  globe, demonstrating its desire to conduct offensive operations.   Here are a few facts about China's military capabilities:   China has the largest navy in the region, with more than 300 ships.  To put this in perspective, the United States currently operates 289  ships.   China's first aircraft carrier will likely enter the fleet this year,  and its second aircraft carrier is already under construction, paving  the way for China to have a multicarrier force.   China operates the third largest aviation force in the world, with  more than 2,700 total aircraft.   Its first fifth-generation stealth fighter entered service in  February of last year.   China maintains a stockpile of nuclear weapons and continues to  modernize its arsenal.    China has claimed to successfully test its first hypersonic aircraft.   China is using the S-400 missile defense system, strengthening its  A2/AD radius.   These capabilities, coupled with territorial and maritime disputes in  the South and East China Seas, pose serious concerns for the region.  Not only do we have a commitment to our allies, such as Taiwan and  Japan, but the Pacific is the most heavily trafficked region for trade  and commerce. Aggressive maritime and military actions by China, such  as building man-made islands, not only threaten regional stability, but  also global stability.   China is also expanding its military operations beyond the Pacific.  In August of 2017, China opened its first overseas military base in  Djibouti and is actively seeking other overseas military basing  opportunities. According to a recently released Department of Defense  report on China's military activities, China has sought to expand its  [[Page H3776]]  military basing access in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, and the  Western Pacific. China's improving military capabilities, evolving  focus towards expanding its operational reach, and establishment of  overseas bases will increase China's ability to sustain operations  abroad and enhance deterrence.   In order to combat China's military modernization aggression, the  United States must continue to nurture our relationships with partner  nations and protect our technological and military edge here at home.  This brings me to the second area that I would like to discuss: China's  influence operations that target and steal sensitive U.S. information.   One of China's largest targets in the United States is our Nation's  academic institutions. According to the Department of Defense, almost a  quarter of foreign efforts to steal sensitive information happen  through academic institutions. China targets U.S. universities by  exploiting our student visa program in order to gain access and steal  sensitive, proprietary, and classified information. Many of these  universities are conducting research on behalf of the Departments of  Defense and Energy.   What is even more alarming is that, under Chinese law, citizens are  required to provide data, information, and technological support or  assistance to the Chinese Government upon request. This means that  China can intimidate and coerce its citizens to provide information.  This information is then funneled into China's military research and  development.   The Chinese Government is also using members of its military to  collaborate with researchers across the globe. The report entitled  ``Picking Flowers, Making Honey: The Chinese Military's Collaboration  with Foreign Universities'' revealed that, over the past 10 years,  China's military, also known as the PLA, has sponsored more than 2,500  military scientists and engineers to study abroad in countries  worldwide.   An analysis of peer-reviewed articles coauthored by PLA researchers  found that they collaborate with researchers in the United States more  than any other nation. These individuals often mask their PLA and  Chinese Communist Party ties, allowing them to work at top universities  without the schools' knowledge of military affiliation.   In addition to stealing sensitive U.S. research, China has  established more than 100 Confucius Institutes across the United  States. These educational institutions are funded and run by the  Chinese Government and teach Chinese language, culture, and history to  American students. FBI Director Christopher Wray testified before  Congress that China is actively using nontraditional methods, such as  Confucius Institutes, as outposts of Chinese overseas intelligence and  influence operations.   Mr. Speaker, I have only highlighted two issues of concern. There are  many other concerns that I hope my colleagues will discuss today.   In order to address the challenges posed by China, we need a whole- of-nation approach. This is not just a military concern. We need our  universities and constituents to be aware that China is active in all  corners of the globe, including the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I thank these gentlemen for bringing us here today to  shed light on this very important topic on the challenges we face from  China.   