 Mr. President, this afternoon, I join with a number of  my colleagues to put Republicans on notice that their healthcare  charade is coming to an end.   Tomorrow, the Senate will go on the record and make clear, once and  for all, whether they stand with patients and families who are counting  on them or with President Trump and big insurance companies.   Tomorrow, Democrats will force the Senate to vote on our bill to  reverse President Trump's rule that undermines protections for people  with preexisting conditions and promotes junk health plans and higher  costs for families.   For too long, Republicans have been making empty promises on  healthcare, while taking harmful steps that make things worse for  patients and families.   Time after time, Democrats have asked Republicans to work with us to  actually make healthcare work better for patients and families, but,  time after time, Senate Republicans have said no. In fact, there has  been no greater cheerleader for President Trump's relentless attacks on  families' healthcare and no greater obstacle to  [[Page S6232]]  passing solutions to repair the damage than Senate Republicans.   This isn't just a hypothetical conversation. Any day now--any day  now--we could get a ruling on the partisan lawsuit brought by President  Trump that would undermine healthcare for over 100 million people by  ending protections for people with preexisting conditions, stripping  away coverage families got through the exchanges and Medicaid expansion  and letting young adults get kicked off of their parents' insurance  before they turn 26.   A Republican win on this could absolutely drive up costs by scrapping  the caps on patients' out-of-pocket costs, while bringing back lifetime  and annual caps on their benefits--even for those insured through their  employer--and ending essential health benefits that require insurers to  cover prescription drugs, maternity care, mental healthcare, emergency  care, and more.   When Senate Democrats took a stand against this dangerous lawsuit and  introduced this legislation to fight for patients and protect their  care, Senate Republicans ducked for cover and did not bring it to a  vote, just like they have done with Senate Democrats' efforts to bring  down drug prices through impactful steps like Medicare negotiation, or  to restore funding to help people find the care that is right for them  when open enrollment starts this week, or make coverage more affordable  for working families.   Democrats in the House have already made progress on some of these  steps, from successfully joining the lawsuit to fight for patients to  passing legislation that would restore navigator funding, reverse  President Trump's harmful junk insurance rule, and more.   Republicans in the Senate have blatantly failed to live up to their  promise to fight for families' healthcare instead of working with us on  these steps to help our families and protect patients with preexisting  conditions--to do what families sent us here for. They have buried each  of these solutions in their legislative graveyard so that they don't  even have to admit on the record that they aren't doing anything to  help protect families' care--well, not tomorrow. Tomorrow, Democrats  are going to bring forward a bill to ensure protections for preexisting  conditions that Leader McConnell cannot bury and Republicans can't hide  from.   Tomorrow, every single one of us is going to have to go on the record  about where we really stand on families' healthcare and protections for  preexisting conditions. Tomorrow, we will be voting on Democrats'  legislation to reverse a step President Trump took to work a tool that  was meant to encourage innovation into one that encourages States to  eliminate protections for patients with preexisting conditions,  increases costs, undermines essential health benefits, and promotes  harmful junk insurance plans that can charge vulnerable patients more  and cover less.    Letting President Trump's rule stand could leave millions of patients  with higher premiums, higher out-of-pocket costs, and no affordable  options to get the healthcare they need.   Our vote tomorrow to reverse this rule that takes protections away  from patients and gives power back to insurance companies offers a very  clear test about who Senators are actually fighting for. People across  the country are going to be watching tomorrow and taking note of who is  pushing for solutions to protect their care and who is blocking them,  who is trying to repair the damage President Trump has caused and who  is trying to cause even more harm, who is fighting for their healthcare  and who is fighting against it.   I hope each and every one of my Republican colleagues think long and  hard about the promises they have made to their constituents and how  they are going to look them in the eye after the vote tomorrow. I hope  each of them finally decides to do the right thing and stand up for  families' healthcare, even if it means being a Republican who stands up  against President Trump.   I believe issues as important as families' healthcare should come  before party, and I hope we will see tomorrow that Republicans agree.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   