 Mr. Speaker, I thank the vice ranking member for  yielding. And I thank my friend and colleague from California for his  leadership and support on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the FIND  Trafficking Act. The fight against online sex trafficking has been one  of the most important endeavors since I first came to Congress. I have  worked with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to update our  Nation's laws to effectively combat contemporary methods used to  exploit our Nation's women and children.   The fact of the matter is that sex trafficking has moved from the  streets to the internet. Traffickers advertise, buy, and sell women and  children, using online marketplaces with impunity.   Last April, my Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, or FOSTA, became  law, and many websites engaged in sex trafficking shut down to avoid  liability for their crimes. This was a tremendous step forward, but our  job is not finished.   The reality is that sex and drug trafficking are extremely  profitable, and there are still websites that are knowingly  facilitating criminal activity. Traffickers are increasingly using the  anonymity of virtual currencies, like bitcoin and others, to finance  their networks of exploitation, both online and off-line. These  criminals use virtual currencies to avoid detection and  [[Page H1226]]  prosecution, a practice that creates an unprecedented challenge for  financial regulators and law enforcement.   This is a new playing field, and we need better enforcement of  existing laws and more information about how criminals are using  virtual currencies to finance their operations. We need to know how  illicit funds are being repatriated into the formal banking system. We  need to understand whether Federal and State agencies have the tools  they need to stop criminal profits from entering our financial system.  We also need to know how drug traffickers are using the internet to  sell opioids, including deadly fentanyl. We need to understand how  websites are using payment methods to facilitate the sale of illegal  activities.    This is why Congressman Juan Vargas and I have introduced the FIND  Trafficking Act. The legislation would give us valuable data on how  traffickers are anonymously transferring money to facilitate sex and  drug trafficking.   The FIND Trafficking Act will help construct a web of intelligence  necessary to protect victims and to prosecute traffickers. Congressman  Juan Vargas has been a tremendous leader in this space, and I thank him  for all the work that he is doing to stop criminal enterprises from  exploiting vulnerable populations.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join us in standing with the  hundreds of thousands of Americans who have been affected by drug and  sex trafficking.   