 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the  Senate as in morning business.    Mr. President, I come here today to address the current  status of the National Labor Relations Board and, in particular, how  the rights of workers are being undermined by Republican  obstructionism. You see, for decades, Presidents have nominated--and  Democrats and Republicans in the Senate have confirmed--NLRB nominees  from both parties in order to ensure the agency can enforce laws  necessary to protect workers' rights.   Yet, for the first time in the history of the Board, we are now left  with zero Democratic members on the Board because of Republican  inactions. To say this is highly problematic is an understatement. We  will be left with zero Democrats, because, yesterday, Lauren McFerran's  term expired. Now, Lauren McFerran is a dedicated, highly-qualified,  and well-respected public servant.   Despite the repeated requests my colleagues and I have sent to the  White House, President Trump refuses to renominate Ms. McFerran. Last  year, Republicans in the Senate stalled the renomination of another  exceptionally qualified nominee to the NLRB, Mark Gaston Pearce. How?  Just by simply refusing to hold the vote--instead, allowing that seat  to remain empty. Now, workers are confronted with a Board made up  solely of three Republicans and zero Democrats to serve on this  historically bipartisan agency.   That is simply unacceptable. I get it--Board members, nominations,  Washington infighting--to many folks, this may seem like ``inside  baseball,'' but let me explain what this will mean for everyday people.  When workers stand together to form a union, the NLRB ensures that the  election is fair. If a worker is fired or unfairly punished because  they want to join a former union, the NLRB is there and tasked with  protecting their rights. If a company refuses to negotiate fairly with  unions who are fighting for higher rates or better benefits or safer  working conditions, it is the NLRB that safeguards those rights that  have helped build our country's middle class.   Quite frankly, the NLRB is a critical worker protections agency, and  workers across the country will suffer because of the Republicans'  dereliction of duty, especially as the Republican NLRB members are now  mired in allegations of ethics issues. They are pursuing an aggressive  rulemaking agenda that will gut workers' rights and are undermining  efforts that will enforce protections for workers. It is clear that  workers in this country today cannot afford, now, an imbalanced and  increasingly partisan NLRB.   By the way, that is just the latest example of Republicans standing  in the way of Democratic nominees. I am still waiting for a Democratic  nominee to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission after  Republicans blocked the renomination of Chai Feldblum last year.   I am deeply disappointed by the inaction of the Republicans. I  deplore them to return to the normal process. The NLRB must not become  a playing field for partisan politics. We need to end this  obstructionism and fill these seats without any further delay.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   