 MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding and for all of her hard work on the Equal  Rights Amendment and standing up and fighting for women.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues of the Democratic  Women's Caucus to emphasize the importance of passing H.R. 1423, the  FAIR Act for women in the workplace. I applaud the work of Hank  Johnson, who has authored this legislation and, in some cases, worked  with constituents over 14 years who are involved in forced arbitration  of settlements that seem never to be settled. But statistics say that,  if they are settled, usually the woman loses.   I might say that the Judiciary Committee is marking up this bill  right now, as we speak. I hope it comes to the floor. We should have  strong, bipartisan support for this injustice and pass the FAIR bill.   Forced arbitration is a trap. Binding a victim of workplace  misconduct to arbitration, particularly anyone subjected to harassment  or discrimination, is just plain wrong. Forced arbitration denies  survivors a fair shot at justice. In fact, most employees do not even  know they have entered into such an agreement until an incident occurs.   So not only has a person been harassed or had their rights violated  at work, but now the employer gets to dictate how the matter is  settled. How fair is that?   I want to recognize a woman present in the gallery this evening who  knows all too well the deficiencies of forced arbitration agreements.   Karen Ward is a distinguished former partner at the New York  accounting firm of Ernst & Young, which is refusing to let her take her  sexual harassment case to a public courtroom because of a forced  arbitration contract clause.   Not only is this unfair, it is expensive, as Ms. Ward has told us she  has already spent $185,000 to arbitrate her claims because of a  provision in her contract that requires her to split the cost of the  dispute resolution.   Ernst & Young and other firms with similar employment contract terms  claim that forced arbitration is more efficient and streamlined. They  don't tell you that the process is hidden from the public, that people  can't see it. It is not transparent. And they don't tell you how  secrecy surrounding arbitration settlements only helps perpetuate the  problem of harassment or discrimination in the workplace. And it is  costly emotionally and financially, as her case illustrates, with the  $185,000 cost so far.   Ms. Ward has said that she has heard from dozens of women bound by  arbitration agreements. She said: ``They see that the cost can caution  financial ruin and they choose to live with injustice.''   In other words, the system is built like a wall against the rights of  women, costing them out of the process, making it totally unfair to  them.   Underreporting and secretive settlements have roles in creating and  cementing a culture of harassment in the workplace.   Passing the FAIR Act is an important step toward empowering all  employees to report workplace misconduct and retain the option of  seeking the remedy that they so choose; and it creates an incentive for  every employer to focus on preventing these incidents before they  occur, not to try to conceal them, case by case, knowing that it will  never reach the light of day and that the employees will never win.  There is no incentive to even bring a case for justice.   So Ms. Ward's fight has shone a light on this disturbing and unfair  corporate behavior, and I am proud to fight alongside her and with my  like-minded colleagues in the Women's Caucus and in Congress to change  this and to support and pass the FAIR Act.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership on this  issue and so many others.   