 Mr. President, it really has been quite a year here  in Washington for drawn-out policy battles. It is November, and we are  still fighting over defense spending, trade, and the results of an  election long since decided in 2016.   A quick flip through this morning's world news sections serves as my  daily reminder that Americans really do have so much for which to be  thankful. One might even feel inclined to say we are really lucky to  live here in the United States. Yet I will tell you that luck really  doesn't have a lot to do with it. Our freedom was bought with the blood  of thousands who instigated a revolution in spite of being outspent,  outmanned, and outgunned by the global superpower of their time, and  thank goodness they had that fighting spirit. That same absolute belief  in the  [[Page S6650]]  right to self-determination went on to fuel the abolitionists, the  women's suffragists, and the civil rights warriors. Their fearlessness  inspires freedom movements that we are seeing all across the globe  today.   Just a few months ago, heads turned toward China as thousands of Hong  Kong people poured into the streets and said no to Beijing's  stranglehold, but just saying no wasn't enough. Now their neighborhoods  and universities have morphed into war zones, and Chinese authorities  have long since justified shooting live rounds of ammunition into the  crowds.   Imagine the intensity of the fear it takes to push a government to  fire on its own people when the entire world is watching. Beijing is  worried, but Beijing will also not hesitate to use any force it deems  necessary to tighten its grip on Hong Kong.   Now, here in the Senate, we are working on a few pieces of  legislation to let the Chinese and the Hong Kong Governments know that  the United States is watching. We have included a bill that will  prevent U.S. companies from exporting crowd control supplies to the  Hong Kong Police Force. It is important, though, for everyone to  understand that the motivating factors behind political oppression have  nothing to do with tear gas or with stun guns. There is only so much  that legislation can do.   Governments in Iraq, Vietnam, Algeria, and Lebanon are also hard at  work in doing whatever they can to prevent their citizens from stepping  out of line, because they know what will happen if their citizens are  free to criticize the state, and they are terrified of losing power.   This month, the entire world looks toward Central Europe to  commemorate the fall of the Berlin Wall. When East Berliners first  stepped into the western half of their city, they revealed to the rest  of the world the horrors of living under a political regime that  sustained itself by consuming the autonomy of its subjects. History  serves as an enduring warning against the dangers of the all-powerful  state.   As we watch mass protests play out a half a world away, many  Americans still see social chaos not as a symptom of a disease but as a  spontaneous expression of some nebulous desire to be free. They don't  stop to recall what sparked the first feelings of unease long before  the Molotov cocktails started flying through the air.   This is why, here in the United States, my colleagues in the majority  have forced many conversations on the perils of degrading the  foundations of our Republic. We have debated ad nauseam the  Constitution's place in civil and legal discourse, asking: Does it  provide a workable standard or is it just an outdated piece of paper  now rendered illegitimate by the male whiteness of its drafters? I  think the Presiding Officer knows my response.   We defend the Constitution and the system of government it created  because we know, from studying history and from observing current  events, that freedom does not suddenly expire. Freedom begins to wither  the moment those in power convince themselves that a reprieve from  uncomfortable policy debates over speech, self-defense, or the size of  government will be worth the risk of shelving the standards that  protect individual liberty.   The current blase tolerance and, in some cases, incomprehensible  enthusiasm for socialism and other authoritarian philosophies is  sending a strong message to the rest of the world that the standard for  global freedom is up for debate. If we acquiesce to the argument that  America's founding principles have passed their expiration date, we  will have failed as a people and as a world leader. That failure will  change the course of our history, and it will be used as a weapon to  quash dissent elsewhere in the world.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I want to thank Senator Rubio for  the work that he has done on this a few minutes earlier. Today, I spoke  about the cause of freedom and how we are seeing people around the  world stand up for freedom--and, yes, indeed, we see this in Hong Kong,  and it does inspire us. The message that we are sending to Beijing is  that, indeed, we are watching and we are paying attention--and to the  Hong Kong protesters, for them to know that we are watching what they  are doing and that we are standing with them.   It is important to note that China has really earned its place atop  the list of the world's most notorious human rights violators, and over  the past few weeks, Hong Kong's descent into chaos and bloodshed has  provided a much-needed reminder of the horrors, the absolute horrors of  authoritarian rule.   There can be no change without accountability, and Beijing needs to  know we are focused on that accountability, which is why, today, I am  so pleased to stand with these other Members of this Chamber in support  of the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. The bill does demand  accountability, not only from Beijing but also from us. It will require  us to monitor Hong Kong's progress toward autonomy and China's behavior  toward Hong Kong people who choose to exercise their internationally  recognized rights, those rights that we have spoken of in this Chamber  today.   The bill will help us identify the tactics Beijing uses to capture  Hong Kong's dissidents and then to trap them on mainland China, and we  will also ensure that no peaceful protesters are denied visas to the  United States because of the alleged crimes.   Now, I will tell you, the bill is a great start, but the time and the  work that we put in it will be wasted unless every single Member of  this Chamber makes a commitment to hold us accountable, to hold China  accountable. I would encourage my colleagues to view their support of  this legislation as a promise to these protesters in Hong Kong, that  their cries for help are not going to go unanswered.   I yield the floor.   