 Mr. President, I am pleased to be on the floor with my  colleagues to honor our friend and our colleague, Johnny Isakson from  Georgia. I could almost tell you he is probably hating this about now,  but I want to get my two cents in. I don't need to read off his  impressive resume or thank him for his service in the Georgia National  Guard, his successful real estate business, his extensive public  service, and all that he has done and accomplished in Congress.   I want to talk about Johnny Isakson, my friend. You hear everybody in  this body get up and we say: My colleague and my friend. Sometimes I am  not sure we are really talking about friends, but I want to tell you,  Johnny, I am not making this up. I am talking about you as my friend. I  am not just being polite. You know me better than that.   I will tell a little story, and he has heard me tell it, but when I  was first elected to the House of Representatives in the year 2000, I  was walking down the aisle, probably our first vote, had no idea really  what I was doing, didn't know anybody in the 435-Member body, and I  must have had it written all over my face because I was wandering, and  this hand reaches out, and he says: Why don't you sit down here next to  me, and we can talk about what is going on.   That was my introduction to Johnny Isakson. We talked about what was  going on on the floor. We talked about who his friends were. We talked  about the fact that my mother's family was from Perry, GA, and I had  some Georgia blood running through these veins.   Johnny, as we have heard, doesn't care if you have been here 20 years  or if you have been here 20 minutes, he wants to be a friend. I heard  him say that the other day; that he has friends and then he has future  friends. I have actually thought about that a lot over the holiday  weekend. He doesn't care if you are a Republican or Democrat, from the  North or the South--South will probably help a little bit--East or  West, he has an innate ability to put everybody at ease. He doesn't  count anybody as an enemy. We have been to the Prayer Breakfast. We  have shared our highs and lows together in our respective lives. He  never cares who gets the credit. He just cares about getting things  done. I think you have seen that through everybody's wonderful tributes  to Johnny. He brings people together. That is hard to do, but he leads  by example. He has been a great example to me. You have been a great  example to me. My colleague from North Dakota, Senator John Hoeven, has  called you ``Mr. Congeniality of the Senate.'' I can't think of a  better analogy. You are Mr. Congeniality, but you are also a very  forceful, strong person with a steel spine to know what is right and  what is wrong.    The Bible asks, ``What does the Lord require of you?'' Johnny is  living that answer: to act justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly  with God. We could use a few more humble walkers around here, I think.  We could sure use more Johnny Isaksons.   You will be there cheering us on, I know, because your heart is with  your many friends who are here. I will miss seeing you coming around  the corner because our offices are very close. I will miss our car  rides together and our golf games together. I will miss that extended  hand in friendship, but I know that you will still be extending it from  your home with your family and your many, many friends.   I am really happy to be here. This is happy for me because I think it  is happy for you. I think that as much as you probably regret leaving  and feel there is more work to be done, you can go in peace and love  and know that you have happy days ahead of you and a lot of well- wishers on the way.   Johnny, thanks a lot. Thanks for extending that hand of friendship.  It meant so much to me then, as it does today. Good luck and Godspeed.   