 Madam President, I rise today because in 1869, 150  years ago, the Nebraska Legislature unanimously passed and our Governor  signed legislation that established the University of Nebraska.   The Morrill-Land Grant Colleges Act, signed into law by President  Abraham Lincoln in 1862, provided Nebraska with land to establish  colleges focused on agriculture and the mechanic arts. The university  opened its doors in our State capital, Lincoln, where we honor  President Lincoln's namesake.   Since then, the University of Nebraska-Lincoln has grown to an  enrollment of over 25,000 students, providing over 5,000 new graduates  to the workforce each year and over $2 billion in annual economic  impact for Nebraska across our 93 counties.   The university holds a special place in my heart. I am a graduate of  the university. Staying true to its roots, UNL remains a national  leader in water, agriculture, and rural development research, helping  to transform our State, which was once called the Great American  Desert, into one of the greatest agricultural exporting regions in the  world.   On top of equipping Nebraskans with the skills to feed the world, the  university has emerged as a leading institution for early childhood  education and national security and defense research.   The university's sports teams unite our Nebraska communities, and  they fuel our pride in our great State. Whether it is to cheer on our  five-time national championship winning football team at Memorial  Stadium or at the Devaney Center to support one of our State's  treasures, the five-time national champion women's volleyball team,  Lincoln is filled with a sea of Husker red on game days.   What is more, the University of Nebraska-Lincoln leads the Nation  with 333 Academic All-Americans across our Cornhusker sports teams.   The university is also important to the culture of our State,  showcasing some of the best of the good life--attractions such as the  State Museum, which is the largest natural history museum in Nebraska  or the Larsen Tractor Test and Power Museum or the East Campus Dairy  Store known across our State for its wonderful cheese and, of course,  ice cream.   The university, like our State, has grown and accomplished much over  the last century and a half, and that is why my colleague from Nebraska  and I have introduced a Senate resolution recognizing UNL's 150th  anniversary on February 15 of 2019.   This is a formal way for this body to extend our congratulations to  the University of Nebraska-Lincoln on this special milestone in its  history. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of the resolution  because, as my colleague and I know so well, there is no place like  Nebraska.   Here is to the next 150 years and beyond for the University of  Nebraska-Lincoln.   Madam President, I yield some time to my colleague from Nebraska so  that he may make remarks on this resolution as well.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I thank my colleague from Nebraska for  his words and recognizing the importance of the University of Nebraska  to our State as an economic engine of the State, as an institution that  draws on the strengths of the State of Nebraska, and especially looking  at Innovation Campus at the University in Lincoln, where there is a  focus on water and on food. We are blessed in Nebraska with that water  resource, and we do feed the world.   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 82, submitted  earlier today.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.   