 Madam Speaker, the Trump shutdown is now in its 20th day.  More than 800,000 Federal employees are going without pay, many while  they are still working and the American people are being denied vital  services.   Due to President Trump's shutdown over his demands for a wasteful  border wall, the Food and Drug Administration cannot conduct routine  inspections for food safety and has slowed evaluation of new drugs and  medical products.   USDA is no longer able to provide farmers and rural communities with  loans and grants to assist housing, utilities, or economic development.  And approximately 40 million Americans who depend on SNAP for food  assistance, including more than 3 million New Yorkers, have faced  unnecessary fear and uncertainty about whether they are weeks away from  going hungry.   House Democrats have passed bills to open the government, but the  President and Senate Republicans continue to obstruct instead of  working with us to get the people's business done.   In my judgment, the solution to this crisis is simple: Let's pass the  bills where we can agree, where there is bipartisan support, and let's  extend funding for Homeland Security for 30 days--1 month--to allow  time for negotiation on border security and immigration policy. This  seems to me, in my judgment, to be fair, to be thoughtful, and to be  the way for us to get together and open this government. I do hope that  my colleagues across the Capitol come to their senses and stop this  ridiculous Trump shutdown.   We can begin this bipartisan path by passing the bill before us. This  bill passed the Senate in September with a vote of 92-6. This bill  would open the Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug  Administration and adequately fund these services through the end of  the fiscal year.   Sadly, to date, my Republican colleagues have followed the  President's blind lead all while jeopardizing these vital services upon  which American families and businesses rely.   Let's pass the bill today and put USDA and FDA back to work for the  American people.    Mr. Speaker, the Trump shutdown is now in its 20th day.  More than 800,000 Federal employees are going without pay, many while  they are still working, and the American people are being denied vital  services all because of President Trump's demands for a wasteful border  wall.   The bill before us today would reopen the Department of  Transportation, Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other  critical agencies like the National Transportation Safety Board and  U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness.   Frankly, it is outrageous that safety-critical personnel who are  ensuring our trains operate and air traffic runs smoothly cannot count  on a paycheck. They and the thousands of furloughed Federal employees  cannot afford this kind of financial uncertainty and missed paychecks.   The Trump shutdown has also had dangerous housing implications for  many hardworking families. For example, HUD's project-based Section 8  housing assistance program, which covers tens of thousands of low- income renters, is in trouble. Payments have been made for tenants this  month, but due to staff furloughs, HUD contracts with landlords that  expired since the shutdown began have not been renewed. This could lead  to evictions of senior citizens and the disabled, displacing the most  vulnerable among us.   House Democrats want to open the government, but the President and  the Senate Republicans continue to obstruct instead of working with us  to get the people's work done.   The solution to this crisis is simple: Pass the bills where we can  agree, and extend funding for Homeland Security for a month to allow  time for negotiation on border security and immigration policy.   I do hope that my colleagues across the Capitol come to their senses  and stop this ridiculous Trump shutdown.    Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to thank Chairman Engel for  initiating and working so hard on this absolutely essential issue.   It is really shocking to me, with anti-Semitism spreading throughout  Europe and other places in the world, that we don't have a Special  Envoy. I have brought this to the attention of the former Secretary of  State. The urgency of this issue demands a person who is focused, with  a staff, and working with Members of Congress who share their passion.  We need this Special Envoy now.   