 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.  [[Page H3882]]     Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I am so proud to be voting today to stabilize healthcare  for millions of Americans and to bring down the cost of prescription  drugs.   I came to Congress, like many of my fellow colleagues, to protect  healthcare for my constituents with preexisting conditions and to make  healthcare more affordable and accessible. I myself have a preexisting  condition, having suffered breast cancer twice.   My amendment today is focused on ensuring that our future pharmacists  and those in the workforce are provided with materials regarding  generic drugs and biosimilar biological products. Specifically, it  would have the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary  of Education make every effort necessary to ensure appropriate outreach  to institutions of higher education to ensure that students and faculty  at schools of pharmacy are provided with appropriate materials.   This will allow for students and faculty to have material on how  generic drugs and biosimilar biological products are equivalent or like  brand-name drugs, the impact of these products on consumer costs,  requirements for substituting these types of drugs with corresponding  drug products, the impacts of these products on consumer costs, and  more.   Pharmacists spend a great deal of time with individuals when they  come to the counter to fill an order. They provide guidance and educate  patients on the prescriptions that they are taking. I have even met  with my own local pharmacists many, many times to discuss my own  prescriptions.   They are very intelligent individuals who are relied on by their  community daily. By instilling them with the information that they need  to know to best help those whom they serve, we will all be better off.   Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment and the  underlying package.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I might  consume.   Mr. Chair, I would like to say that, as a two-time breast cancer  survivor myself, I have relied many, many times on the specific  information and guidance that has been given to me by my own  pharmacist.   Our pharmacists should be allowed to be able to give resource  information to help the patients that they serve. By tying their hands  and not being able to give them the information that they need to  really best serve their patients, we do them a great disservice.   I truly believe that this information is very relevant. Giving  pharmacists the ability they need to do their jobs is of great  importance.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, healthcare is an issue that is deeply  personal to me. I, myself, like millions of Americans, live with a  preexisting condition.   As a two-time breast cancer survivor, I understand what it is like to  have your life turned upside down by a diagnosis. Treatment was  exhausting, both physically and emotionally. I did it all while raising  my family and working full-time. I was terrified.   Despite being lucky in having health insurance through my job, I was  still worried about my financial security. I was concerned about making  it to my radiation treatments every single day, sometimes for weeks,  and then back to work and then back home to raise my son, Jordan.   I had to do it, just like millions of Americans out there who share a  similar story like mine. I truly don't know what I would have done or  what would have happened if I had lost that healthcare insurance.   Over 300,000 Georgians in my State, in my district have a preexisting  condition. Over 45,000 of those people are children under the age of  17.   My colleagues here are worried about the health and well-being of  their constituents, and we have heard countless heart-wrenching stories  from Americans across the Nation--our neighbors, our friends, and our  loved ones.   Americans are simply worried about their healthcare. I am worried  about their healthcare. They are tired of these games.   Let's stop playing politics with the health and well-being of the  American people. It just needs to stop.   Last year, the Trump administration allowed the expanded sale of junk  insurance plans, many of which do not cover maternity care, mental and  behavioral health, or coverage to treat preexisting conditions.   Under these plans, women can be charged more than men; insurance  companies can cancel coverage as soon as an enrollee gets sick. People  enrolled in these plans might seek care for themselves or for a family  member only to be left out in the cold without coverage.   No matter what the White House or my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle cook it up to, the American people have said time and time  again that they oppose plans that rip healthcare coverage away from  those with preexisting conditions.    While the motion does attempt to fund vital public health services  and programs that have long garnered bipartisan support, the funding  levels fail to provide greater investments to these programs. I know  that we can work together to fund these programs, but keeping the  administration's junk plan rule on the books would harm public health  and not help it.   We don't have to make these false choices. This underlying bill  combines key pieces of legislation that lower drug costs, strengthen  healthcare, reverse the sabotage, and rescind the administration's junk  plan rule.   We are making it easier for American families to assess and sign up  for affordable healthcare.   We are making sure that plans cover essential health benefits, like  maternity care and treatment for substance use disorder.   We are making sure that patients do not face annual or lifetime caps.   We are making sure that patients are not discriminated against based  on their preexisting conditions, like myself.   This is what we are elected to do for the American people.   Republicans plan to support protections for preexisting conditions,  but they have failed to condemn the administration's decision asking  the courts to invalidate the entire ACA. They have failed to call on  the President to reverse course. They have refused to join us in  condemning the administration's refusal to defend the law of the land.   If our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are serious about  protecting preexisting conditions, they will support the underlying  bill and defeat this MTR.   Action, not words, is what the American people demand, and it is what  they deserve. Democrats are committed to putting consumers first.   We will fight relentlessly to protect individuals with preexisting  conditions and expand coverage to more Americans.   We will make sure no one--absolutely no one--has to choose between a  prescription drug or their mortgage. That is unconscionable.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in standing for ensuring  Americans have access to affordable healthcare and prescription drugs.  I stand in opposition to this MTR. I urge my colleagues to join me in  opposing the political ploy that would hurt American families, those  with preexisting conditions, and those who are trying to afford their  healthcare and prescription drugs.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   