 ``On Saturday, June 17, 2017, the President called  McGahn and directed him to have the special counsel removed . . . In  interviews with the special counsel's office, McGahn recalled that the  President called him at home twice and on both occasions directed him  to call Rosenstein and say that Mueller had conflicts that precluded  him from serving as special counsel. On the first call, McGahn recalled  that the President said something like, `You gotta do this. You gotta  call Rod.' '' This is from Volume II, page 85.    ``Cohen also recalled speaking with the President's  personal counsel about pardons after the searches of his home and  office had occurred, at a time when the media had reported that pardon  discussions were occurring at the White House. . . . Cohen understood,  based on this conversation and previous conversations about pardons  with the President's personal counsel, that as long as he stayed on  message, he would be taken care of by the President, either through a  pardon or through the investigation being shut down.''   Volume II, page 147.    Madam Speaker, I am proud to be here today, and I  thank my colleagues, Representative Adams and Representative Underwood,  for establishing the Black Maternal Health Caucus, of which I am a  proud member.   I also want to recognize my colleague Robin Kelly for her continuous  leadership in healthcare when it comes to maternal health.   I am also here to let the public know that this issue of maternal  health is a priority for the Women's Caucus here in Congress. As my  colleague Alma Adams has said, we in America have a crisis. Maternal  mortality is not only a public health crisis, but it is also an  American crisis.   It is an American crisis because we are the highest for any developed  country in the world when it comes to deaths from maternal mortality.  The CDC reported this week that most of the maternal mortality deaths  in our country are preventable.   It saddens me that the maternal mortality rate in the United States,  again, is the highest among developed countries in the world. We have  women, mostly Black women and women of color, dying for no reason. It  is unacceptable. It is heartbreaking.   In my home State of Michigan, 80 to 90 maternal deaths occur every  year. These are women who are losing their lives to give birth.   We must do all that we can to end this crisis. As a leader on this  issue, joining my other colleagues in their leadership, I look forward  to working on both sides of the aisle to address this issue.   Madam Speaker, when we elected a record number of women to Congress  this Congress, this issue, which has been escalating year after year,  has finally been brought to the forefront. I am proud to say, when a  woman sits at the table, the conversation changes, and we will fight  for the lives of women giving birth.   To every woman who has given birth, who has been a parent, I want to  say happy Mother's Day. We are fighting to make sure that every woman  coming forth to be a mother can live.   