 Madam President, if I understand the procedure, are  we in morning business?    I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning  business.    Madam President, I rise today to oppose the  nomination of Daniel Bress to the Ninth Circuit in California.   First, by history and tradition, this is a California seat on the  Ninth Circuit. The fact is that Mr. Bress is neither a California  attorney nor a California resident. In fact, he has not been a resident  of the State for over a decade. He has lived and practiced in the  Washington, DC, area for almost his entire adult life.   As California Senators, Senator Harris and I know that experience and  connection to California are really necessary for a Ninth Circuit judge  to be effective on the bench. We know our State, we know our  constituents, and we know the challenges they face.   That is why the blue slip is so important. Honoring the blue slip  ensures that Senators who understand and are accountable to their  constituents have a say in judicial nominations for their home States.   Senator Harris's and my blue slips were not returned. That ultimately  symbolizes our objections. I was also very disappointed that the White  House ignored that and moved forward with Mr. Bress's nomination.   Senator Harris and I worked in good faith with the White House to  find nominees acceptable to the President and to us. During our  negotiations that took place, we informed the White House that we could  support several other nominees who were, in fact, selected by the White  House. Yet the White House and the Republican members of the Judiciary  Committee have claimed we were at an impasse. That is simply not true.  For reasons still unknown to us, the White House abandoned our  negotiations and nominated Mr. Bress for this seat instead.   I am very disappointed that Republican leadership decided to schedule  a vote on Mr. Bress's nomination, given both of our objections to his  nomination and our concerns about a lack of connection to our State.   Next, I want to discuss what I mean by a lack of connection to our  State.   The White House has greatly exaggerated Mr. Bress's connections to  California to justify their decision to move forward with a non- California nominee.   I have studied Mr. Bress's record extensively, and I would like to  run through some of what I have found.   Mr. Bress claims to spend a substantial amount of time working in his  law firm's San Francisco office. However, as recently as November 2018,  Mr. Bress's profile on the Kirkland & Ellis LLP website listed him as  an attorney working exclusively in the firm's Washington, DC, office.  His profile page likewise provided contact information--phone and fax-- only for the Washington, DC, office.   Just before he was nominated, Mr. Bress's Kirkland & Ellis profile  was revised to list him as an attorney in both the Washington, DC, and  San Francisco, CA, offices of the firm.   In addition, according to a review conducted by my staff, every  public legal filing signed by Mr. Bress lists his office as Washington,  DC. This includes legal filings submitted in California courts. Mr.  Bress has never had an oral argument before the Ninth Circuit--never  had an oral argument before the Ninth Circuit.    The chairman of the Judiciary Committee entered a letter into the  record at Mr. Bress's hearing identifying 26 cases in California courts  that Mr. Bress has been involved in. However, according to Mr. Bress's  Senate Judiciary questionnaire, 11 of these 26 cases were asbestos  lawsuits for a single client, the chemical company BASF Catalyst.  Another four cases were products liability lawsuits involving another  single client, the air conditioning manufacturer United Technologies  Corporation. So those are two clients. This is hardly the wide breadth  of California court experience that one would expect of a Ninth Circuit  court appointee.   Mr. Bress does not belong to any legal organizations in California.  His children do not attend school in our State. He has voted only once  since high school in a California election. And he does not have a  California driver's license. Finally, Mr. Bress does not own any  property in California outside of one share in a family business  venture.   These facts, along with Mr. Bress's residency in the Washington, DC,  area--he lives here; his family lives here--make clear to us that he is  not a Californian, nor is he suited for the Ninth Circuit.   This is something we have never experienced before; that is, bringing  a judge from one coast to put him on the Ninth Circuit on the other  coast.  [[Page S4716]]    Some of my Republican colleagues have cited past instances when an  attorney living and practicing in one State has been nominated and  confirmed to a seat in another State. This is highly unusual.   Republicans have been able to provide examples of this occurring only  4 times in the past 20 years, and in each case, it was with the support  of the home State Senators. This support is simply not here in this  case; this is not the case with this nominee.   California is a diverse and complex State. We have over 40 million  people. It is the fifth largest economy in the world. It makes up 14  percent of the U.S. economy. There are 53 Fortune 500 companies that  are based in our State. We have the largest ag industry in the country.  We produce more manufacturing revenue than any other State. And  California technology companies produce 53 percent of all tech revenues  in the United States.   This vast and diverse nature of California's people and economy means  the Ninth Circuit regularly considers challenging and complex issues of  fact and law. These cases require not only the sharpest legal minds but  lawyers and judges who know and understand the complexities facing the  State of California.   We have an imported judge now coming to the Ninth Circuit. One of our  most critical tasks as Senators is to ensure that lifetime appointments  to the Federal courts are well qualified and well suited to the seats  to which they have been nominated.   Home State Senators are a crucial part of this evaluation process.  The Presiding Officer knows this very well. I am so disappointed that  the majority has disregarded this.   This disregard of blue slips represents another breakdown of Senate  traditions. It is really very disturbing. One thing I have learned over  20 years here is that what goes around comes around. By doing this, it  is a major violation of a precedent that this Senate has followed, I  believe, to its absolute.   I will vote against Mr. Bress's confirmation, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Thank you very much.   I yield the floor.   