 Mr. President, I am here to join my colleagues. I was  going to say I am pleased, but I am not pleased. I am disappointed that  we are here on the floor today talking about something that should be  an issue that is decided by women with their families and their  physicians. Yet we are here to sound the alarm about the relentless  assault State legislatures and  [[Page S2990]]  this administration have leveled against constitutionally protected  reproductive rights and a woman's right to choose the healthcare she  needs.   I certainly applaud Senator Murray, who has done such a great job of  leading the response to this assault, and my colleague from Oregon,  Senator Wyden, for his efforts.   This radical effort to limit women's freedom to a full range of  reproductive care is part of a broader strategy by some in this country  to take healthcare away from people who need it. Americans across the  country, both women and men, are calling out these threats and fighting  them head-on. Today, in hundreds of capitals across this country, in  courthouses, at hundreds of rallies, a powerful message is being sent  that we are not going back. As Members of Congress here in Washington,  we need to join them and defend women's reproductive rights.   In just the past 2 weeks, Governors in Alabama and Georgia signed  extreme and dangerous abortion restrictions into law. Yesterday, the  Missouri Legislature passed another bill to place draconian  restrictions on a woman's access to abortion. These actions are part of  a concerted effort around the country to overturn Roe v. Wade and to  deny women access to reproductive care.   What is so ironic about this is that this is coming at a time when  last year this country saw fewer unintended pregnancies than at any  time in our history because giving women access to family planning, to  the range of reproductive healthcare that women need, means that there  are fewer unintended pregnancies. What laws like this will mean is that  there will be more abortions, more unintended pregnancies, more  maternal health deaths. That is not the direction in which we should be  going.   All of these State actions are concerning, especially the new Alabama  law, which would outlaw abortion in virtually all instances with no  exception for cases of rape or incest. The Alabama law also establishes  prison sentences for providers who perform abortions in violation of  the abortion ban. So think about that for a second. If a doctor  performs an abortion for a rape victim, the Alabama law could put that  doctor in prison for as long as or even longer than the rapist. That  makes no sense. The Alabama abortion ban, and so many other State laws  like it, will not only impede on a woman's freedom to make her own  reproductive choices, but it will also push women into the shadows and  increase the likelihood of unsafe abortions. We know that. We have data  that shows that--not just in the United States but around the world.   Today, one in three women live in States where abortion would be  outlawed if Roe v. Wade is overturned.   The Alabama law and other State abortion bans are designed as a  direct challenge to the protections provided by Roe in the hopes of  forcing action from the Supreme Court and sowing chaos in those States  where abortion would be outlawed. So rather than thinking about women  and how they will be affected by this law, it is strictly designed to  try to challenge the current Roe v. Wade law.   Unfortunately, even in the light of the extreme nature of these  recent abortion bans, we have an administration that is compounding the  issue through its own actions to interfere with access to reproductive  health services. Now, whether it is creating new administrative  obstacles to insurance coverage of abortion, preventing title X family  planning clinics from informing their patients about reproductive care  choices, or any of the many other recent Federal actions, the Trump  administration's clear goal is to chip away at access to abortion.   Now, these recent actions by States and the administration pose grave  threats to the freedoms and reproductive health protections that are  relied on by women all across this country.   At this critical time, we need to say loud and clear that we are  ready to fight these extreme actions with everything we have.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   