 Mr. President, I think many of our colleagues here in  the Chamber know that Senator Alexander and I host a breakfast on  Tuesday Mornings called Tennessee Tuesday. This week at the breakfast,  one of our Tennesseans said: I have seen so many men and women in law  enforcement uniforms in DC. What is going on? Is this normal?   It gave me the opportunity to say: Actually, this is National Police  Week, and this is a week we set aside to honor those men and women who  are in law enforcement.   There are tens of thousands of police officers and sheriffs and  highway patrolmen across our country. My hope is that each of us will  stop this week when we see them and say ``thank you'' to them for the  service they provide our communities, because when it comes to fighting  so many of the issues that affect our communities on a day-to-day  basis--the issues we face because of drugs and drug trafficking, human  trafficking, gangs--it is our local law enforcement that is on those  frontlines, and we say ``thank you'' to them.   This year in Tennessee, three officers have lost their lives. During  this week, we remember them and express our gratitude to their families  for their service and their sacrifice. We lost Trooper Matthew Elias  Gatti from the Tennessee Highway Patrol, who died on Monday, May 6,  2019; Sergeant Steve Hinkle from the Sullivan County Sheriff's Office,  who died on Tuesday, February 26, 2019; and Police Officer Nicholas  Scott Galinger from the Chattanooga Police Department, who died on  Sunday, February 24, 2019. As I talk to our sheriffs and police chiefs  and patrol captains, I know there are many more who have been injured,  and we remember them.   We also say ``thank you so much'' to the families of these men and  women who have chosen--you know, they really are called. This is their  calling to public service, and we thank them for answering that call  and that they choose to serve in our communities to keep us safe so  that we know our communities are a place where we can rear our  families, where we can enjoy camaraderie with family members, with  friends, with our churches.   I will tell you, as I was thinking about this week, I thought, there  are so many moms and grandmoms who I think are pretty much like me.  Many times I will say I am a ``security mom.'' I want to make certain  that my children and my grandchildren are safe, that our children are  safe when they go to sporting events and when they go to school. We say  a prayer when they get behind the wheel of a car. We are so grateful  that there are law enforcement officers who are there at public events  to keep them safe, who watch out if they are going to be speeding on  the road and provide the security that is so essential to our way of  life.   I have the opportunity as one of these security moms, if you will, to  serve on our Senate Judiciary Committee. Just last week, Chairman  Graham brought forward three bills that we approved. These are things  that are going to help law enforcement officers and their families-- providing mental health support for law enforcement and their families,  which is vitally important, and, of course, lifesaving bulletproof  vests, which are now essential, and ensuring that our first responders  get the benefits they have earned by standing for that duty. When they  get ready to retire, those benefits are going to be there.   This week, I have joined Senator Cornyn on his Back the Blue Act, and  I thank him for his leadership. I think many of us who stand in this  Chamber know that we stand to back that ``thin blue line''--that line  is the difference between order and chaos in our communities. This bill  is going to create new penalties for killing or assaulting law  enforcement officers and will protect officers from lawsuits when they  intervene to stop a violent crime. It is a commonsense provision, and I  am pleased to be in support of this bill.   As we talk about law enforcement and security and having safe  communities, we also need to remember our Customs and Border Patrol  agents and officers who are on the southern border. When you talk about  being a security mom, of course you are going to talk about economic  security, healthcare security, job security, and national security, but  border security is a part of that. It is a way that we work to keep our  communities safe.   We all know there is a humanitarian crisis on the southern border.  Much of it is fueled by cartels that are big business. They deal in  drug trafficking and human trafficking. It is our first responders who  address this in our communities and on our city streets. The issues and  the lack of security at that border have created an environment where  now, at this point, every State is a border State and every town is a  border town because those problems that come across the southern border  with the human trafficking, with the drug trafficking, with the gangs-- all of this ends up on the streets in your community.   We are working on legislation that we hope is going to help with this  situation. It will target traffickers of unaccompanied minors in the  care of Health and Human Services. One of the things that has not  happened and needs to happen is that Health and Human Services and  Homeland Security need to be able to share all of the information they  have on individuals who are bringing these unaccompanied children,  individuals who say ``I am a next of kin,'' individuals who say ``I am  here, and this child is coming to me.'' We want to make certain they  are in the country legally. We want to make certain they have a  relationship with these children so that we are protecting and looking  out for the security of these children and making certain they are not  being trafficked.   As we talk about our children, some of the trafficking--of course,  much of the trafficking takes place in the virtual space. It takes  place online. It seems impossible, but that is what happens with the  human trafficking and the sex trafficking. The adverse impact that this  has on young girls and women is horrifying.    Because of my work to prohibit these traffickers from working online,  we are pushing forward with privacy legislation. You and I do not want  our children to be followed online. That is what is happening, and it  is why we need to make certain that moms have the tools they need--that  parents have the tools they need--to guard the privacy of their  families online.   I recently introduced the BROWSER Act. This is legislation I  introduced while I was in the House of Representatives. It is one of  the first bipartisan privacy bills we have had. The BROWSER Act will  require you to give your consent if you are going to opt in and allow  someone to share your information, to have access to your sensitive  information.   In this Nation, we have a history of respecting informed consent, and  that is what we are saying--that individuals need to give their consent  to a company before that company looks at their private information or,  worse yet, data mines or, worse yet, shares that information about  those individuals with third parties--people they do not know, people  they have never seen, people they never will see. Then that tech  company--guess what--sells ads. It is paid with your information.   The BROWSER Act also prohibits companies from denying their services  to users who refuse to waive their privacy rights. You have a right to  privacy, and these companies should not deny you their services because  you  [[Page S2866]]  say: You cannot share my information. You cannot share my sensitive  information. I am not going to opt-in to allow you to do that, big tech  company. I am also going to opt-out on non-sensitive data. I am not  going to allow you to do that. I do not want my children followed, and  I do not want you to be following me. I do not want you to sell my  information. I do not want my spam to run crazy with ads and  information I do not want.   Individuals deserve their privacy. Americans deserve to know they are  protected and have that privacy in the online universe. They deserve to  know they are not going to be followed and they are not going to be  tracked.   While we are talking about technology, I'd like to bring attention to  the global race for 5G, or fifth-generation wireless technology. You  are hearing a good bit about this. It doesn't matter if it is in our  commercial sector or in our military sector; we are at the forefront of  this debate to make certain that we win this race on 5G--that China  does not get a foothold, that Huawei does not penetrate our delivery  systems--and to make certain that we win this race just like we did the  race to 4G, which brought forward a lot of the technologies we all use  and take for granted, like those devices we hold in our hands on which  we receive our emails, make our phone calls, send text messages, pull  up maps, get to a favorite site on which we want to make a purchase,  and log on to social media accounts. This is all from a handheld  device, and it is what 4G brought us. Well, 5G is going to be as  revolutionary as going from analog to digital, and we are going to stay  on top of this to make certain we win this race.   Because of this, we have a couple more pieces of legislation that I  am going to discuss on the floor at a later date. We have the SECURE 5G  and BEYOND Act. Senator Cornyn has the lead on that. I have the SUPPLY  CHAIN Act, which will be focused on security in the virtual space and  make certain that we will be rooting out these threats that may come to  our supply chain and affect our private sector or our governmental  sector.   We know it is imperative that, yes, we win the race in 5G but that we  protect our networks and that we secure them so the American public  knows that its information is not being exploited.   As a mom who values and puts a priority on keeping children and  grandchildren safe, it is an honor for me to come to this floor to  salute the men and women of law enforcement and to talk about what we  need to do every single day from this Chamber to protect our Nation's  security and to protect our citizens.   I yield the floor.   