 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  269, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation  Act, or PAHPA.   I am proud to have introduced this important bill with my very good  friend, Representative Anna Eshoo, who is one of the original authors  of the 2006 PAHPA bill and the lead author of the last reauthorization  in 2013.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Energy and Commerce Committee Chair  Representative Pallone and Ranking Member Representative Walden, as  well as Representative Burgess for his work on the Health Subcommittee,  and the committee staff for working to get this bill back on the House  floor so quickly as we begin the 116th Congress.   PAHPA is a bipartisan public health national security effort which  works to ensure our Nation is better prepared to respond, whether it is  to natural disasters like hurricanes, emerging infectious diseases like  Zika or Ebola, or chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear  attacks, whether they might come from a terrorist group or from a  nation-state.   The reality is that these threats we face are not just hypothetical.  The ongoing Ebola outbreak is now, as you have already heard, the  second largest outbreak in history. Since August of 2018, 374 people in  the Democratic Republic of the Congo have died from Ebola, bringing the  total to 623 cases. Nine new cases have been confirmed in just the last  week alone.   Thanks to PAHPA and the 21st Century Cures Act, we are more prepared  for biological threats and attacks. Last year, the FDA approved the  first drug to treat smallpox and also an auto injector which provides a  one-time dose of an antidote to block effects of a nerve agent.   But PAHPA is much more than what we think of as just a biodefense  bill. It helps ensure a coordinated healthcare response, whether it is  to hurricanes and other natural disasters, by prioritizing our Nation's  most vulnerable populations: children, senior citizens, and people with  disabilities.   PAHPA provides liability protection for physicians who volunteer  after medical disasters. It ensures more healthcare professionals,  nurses and doctors and others, can be hired and trained when facing a  public health crisis. It ensures we have a robust supply of vaccines  and equipment like gloves,  [[Page H265]]  hazmat suits, and masks in our Strategic National Stockpiles so our  medical professionals and our first responders have what they need.   The bill ensures our preparedness and response capabilities will  include a robust pipeline of medical countermeasures by increasing  funding for the BioShield Special Reserve Fund and BARDA, whose work  over the last decade has resulted in FDA approvals for more than 42  different medical countermeasures.   While the investments BARDA is making into innovative research and  treatments are critical, we have to address the threats that have been  around for years.   As Mr. Burgess talked about, the 1918 influenza outbreak killed  675,000 Americans and millions worldwide. Many experts predict that we  are due for another global pandemic influenza. The bill today  authorizes $250 million to address threats like pan flu.   This bill is the result of months of committee work in both the House  and the Senate. I can't emphasize enough how critically important it is  that we reauthorize PAHPA.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage the Senate to quickly pass H.R. 269. I urge  all Members to support this critical piece of public health and  national security legislation.   