 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.  [[Page H4263]]    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Pandemic and All- Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2019, or PAHPA.   I am proud to have worked with my dear friend and colleague from  California, Representative Eshoo, who was one of the original authors  and a leader in the 2006 PAHPA bill and the lead author of the last  reauthorization in 2013.   Along with Representative Eshoo, this work would not have been done  without Chairman Pallone, Ranking Member Walden, and Representative Dr.  Burgess. We have worked closely with Senators Burr, Alexander, Casey,  and Murray to craft this reauthorization of PAHPA.   PAHPA is a bipartisan public health and national security effort to  ensure our Nation is better prepared to respond to public health  emergencies resulting from chemical, biological, radiological, or  nuclear attacks, whether it be from a terrorist group or nation-state,  a natural disaster or emerging infectious diseases.   I was the United States attorney for the Southern District of Indiana  during the 2001 anthrax attacks. In September of `01, shortly after 9/ 11, the anthrax attacks infected more than 17 people and killed 5.   Not only was Congress a target, with letters containing anthrax  spores sent to Senators Daschle and Leahy, but even my own U.S.  attorney's office in Indiana dealt with a hoax when we received a  letter with powder inside.   It was a scary time because those types of letters were sent all  across the country. It was a very scary time for our Nation, the hoaxes  that I and others received, but it helped illustrate the importance of  having accurate diagnostics.   In the 18 years since then, these types of threats--the actual  threats of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear--continue to  grow. In fact, every day, our adversaries are looking for more  effective and faster ways to produce a threat. It is not a question of  if we will face a threat; it is a question of when.   People may not realize, but a single gallon of concentrated anthrax  can contain enough spores to kill every individual on the planet.   According to a 2017 report from the Harvard Kennedy School, the  Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, in 2015, the North  Korean State media released a series of photographs of the Pyongyang  Biotechnical Institute. The photos revealed that North Korea could  produce military-sized batches of biological weapons--specifically,  anthrax--at this facility.   North Korea is believed to have started a biological weapons program  in the sixties and is now assumed to have several pathogens in  possession.   Smallpox is highly contagious, and individuals remain contagious  until that last smallpox scab falls off. Untreated smallpox is twice as  contagious as the flu and more than three times as deadly, potentially  killing every third person infected.   But, thanks to PAHPA and the work of the Energy and Commerce  Committee with the 21st Century Cures Act, we are more prepared for  biological threats and attacks. Last year, the FDA approved the first  drug ever to treat smallpox and approved an autoinjector which provides  that one-time dose of an antidote to block the effects of nerve agents.  The approval of TPOXX and Seizalam will help protect Americans from  biological attacks.   But the threats we are facing are not hypothetical. The ongoing Ebola  outbreak--and it is ongoing--is now the second largest outbreak in  history. Since August of 2018, more than 1,000 people in the DRC,  Democratic Republic of the Congo, have died from Ebola. More than 2,000  cases have been reported, with 14 new, confirmed cases just within the  last week.   We also know that Zika virus continues to be a threat. The majority  of people infected with Zika don't develop symptoms, but the Zika  infection during pregnancy can cause horrible congenital abnormalities.  Eighty-six countries have reported evidence of mosquito-transmitted  Zika.   I share this because of the threats like Ebola and Zika.  Reauthorizing and increasing funding for the BioShield Special Reserve  Fund and BARDA, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development  Authority, are critically important.   PAHPA increases funding for BARDA from $2.8 billion to $7.1 billion  over 10 years because BARDA's work over the last decade has resulted in  FDA approvals of more than 42 different medical countermeasures.   Development of medical countermeasures is lengthy. It is a risky  endeavor. It is why sending a clear signal that BARDA remains a strong  and committed partner with academic institutions and the private sector  in these efforts is so important.   So, while the investments BARDA is making into innovative research  and new treatments are critical, it is also important that we continue  to address the threats that have been around for years.   In 1918, the pandemic influenza killed about 20 to 50 million people  around the globe, including 675,000 people here in the United States.  Experts predict we are due for another global pandemic influenza.    Research funded by BARDA has already significantly expanded our  domestic vaccine production capability, and the bill we are considering  today will authorize $250 million more for the Assistant Secretary for  Preparedness and Response, or the ASPR, to address threats like  pandemic influenza.   Specifically, PAHPA directs the ASPR to work to increase  manufacturing capacity and stockpile these medical countermeasures.  While the PAHPA bill we are considering today authorizes funding for  research into known threats like pan flu, it maintains the flexibility  that is the foundation of our medical countermeasure enterprise to deal  with the unknown threats for which we may have no defense.   PAHPA also improves State and local public health security by  reauthorizing the National Disaster Medical System so that we have the  needed workforce, the experts in the workforce, when facing a public  health emergency like we currently face right now with 981 measle cases  across 26 States.   The current number of measles cases is the highest number of cases in  the United States in nearly three decades, with just 41 new cases  reported last week. So this allows the ASPR to reassign and move health  professionals during public health emergencies.   PAHPA also ensures a coordinated healthcare response to natural  disasters. The many hurricanes--Florence, Harvey, Irma, Jose, and  Maria--killed hundreds of Americans and showed us we have to do better  to prioritize the needs of every person in our community. PAHPA does  that by prioritizing our most vulnerable populations: children,  seniors, and people with disabilities.   We can't forget about the volunteers who work to save lives in the  wake of natural disasters. In addition to Good Samaritan provisions  within PAHPA that will provide new liability protections for medical  professionals who volunteer after a disaster, this bill also ensures  that more healthcare professionals, like nurses and doctors, can be  hired and trained when facing a public health crisis by strengthening  our National Disaster Medical System.   And, very importantly, it ensures we have a robust supply of  vaccines; basic equipment like gloves, Hazmat suits, and masks; and  more in our strategic national stockpile located all across the country  so that these professionals have the equipment and the tools that they  need.   Finally, PAHPA includes provisions from the Subcommittee on Health  Ranking Member Burgess' MISSION ZERO bill. Today will be the fifth time  the House has passed these provisions that authorize grants to trauma  centers to enable military trauma teams to provide care at our centers.   These important provisions will integrate military trauma providers  into trainings and drills for public health emergencies to not only  allow civilians the chance to learn about the military's best  practices, but give our military trauma care providers the opportunity  to use their cutting-edge expertise without leaving the military.   This public health, national security bill is the result of months of  work, and I want to commend the Energy and Commerce staff on both sides  of the aisle and, particularly, our staffs--Catherine Knowles and  Rachel Fybel--for their tireless work in ensuring that this got through  both the House and the Senate.  [[Page H4264]]    Madam Speaker, I cannot emphasize enough how important it is to  reauthorize PAHPA. I urge all Members to support this piece of critical  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Walden), ranking member of the Committee on  Energy and Commerce. He had been chair at one time, when it passed one  time out of the House, but now is ranking. I want to thank him so much  for his work.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter), a fellow Energy and Commerce  Committee member, the only pharmacist in Congress, who knows more about  these issues than most. I appreciate his partnership and work on this  important piece of legislation.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close.   I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate my colleagues for speaking out and their  support of this important legislation.   The provisions in PAHPA we are reauthorizing today do complement the  National Biodefense Strategy the administration released last fall, and  it will ensure that our Nation is better prepared. The administration's  National Biodefense Strategy is designed to improve the coordination  and communication between agencies, so the United States is better  protected against naturally-occurring threats, or whether they might be  deliberate attacks.   Again, I urge my colleagues to support this critical piece of  legislation. It would not have been possible but for the incredible  partnership of Congresswoman Eshoo and the leadership that she and her  office and the Energy and Commerce Committee has demonstrated in this  very important piece of public health and national security  legislation.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   