 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 466, I call up  the bill (H.R. 3401) making emergency supplemental appropriations for  the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with  the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on the  motion currently under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker, the humanitarian situation at our southern  border is disgraceful. The Trump administration has exacerbated a  crisis that has led to intolerable conditions for children and families  in the government's care.   We have been advised that agencies that provide critical services for  children, including the Office of Refugee Resettlement and Customs and  Border Protection, will imminently run out of funds.   Earlier this week, the House passed a comprehensive bill to fund  these agencies and provide important reforms to ensure that children in  our government's care are safe, healthy, and comfortable.   Sadly, the White House, which has done so much to create this crisis,  refused to work with us to protect the children; and the Senate  majority leader, who I am told is selling T-shirts that describe him as  the Grim Reaper, refuses to respect the House as a coequal body of  Congress and negotiate the differences in our legislation.   Left in the lurch by this cruelty and callousness are the babies and  children in government care. The House refuses to be a party to this  cruelty. That is why we are reluctantly bringing the Senate legislation  to the floor today.   We could have done better for our children and our families, but,  unfortunately, the White House and the Senate would not allow that. So  we will fight another day, and we will never stop fighting to protect  the children who are our future.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   