 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it has been so interesting today to  hear my colleagues talk about the things we have done this year, the  things we have to get done before the end of the year that haven't been  addressed yet, and then things that need to be addressed this next year  in 2020.   I will tell you, 2019, for me, I look at it as, I would say,  successes and stalls and then some forward motion on some really  important pieces of legislation. To get there, we really have had some  fairly intense debates, which have prompted our constituents and those  back in Tennessee to have their own discussions about what they think  is or is not happening here in Washington, DC.   My hope is that their debates around the kitchen table are sometimes  less heated than ours, and certainly I hope that their Thanksgiving  table debates were less heated than some of these that you see taking  place here.   Tennesseans, like a lot of Americans, when they end up talking about  what we are or are not doing here in Congress, they revert back to  first principles. I cannot tell you the number of times over this past  holiday that I heard people say: Look, for me, it is all about freedom.  It is all about defending the freedoms that we have--protecting that  life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness.   They are looking at that. It is fair to say they think in the long  term. While many times I think the media here in DC just follows that  shiny object story of the day, whatever is generating clicks and likes  and headlines, that is where they are, but Tennesseans are not focused  that way. What they would like to see is for our actions here in  Washington to be taken in a way that are going to keep them and their  neighborhoods and their friends safe and secure and healthy and free  and keep them out of the reach of government overreach, if you will.   As someone said to me last weekend, ``I just want the Federal  Government off my back and out of my pocketbook. I want to be able to  keep working and keep growing my business.'' A lot of people are there.   Now, we have seen movement this week. A very good thing that has  happened is the National Defense Authorization Act. I know that Madam  President has worked tirelessly on this, as have I, for all of our  military community members in Tennessee. We have been very pleased that  we are going to see Fort Campbell and the divisions that call Fort  Campbell home getting the funds and the equipment they need in order to  protect themselves and to do their jobs--whether it is Chinooks or more  training capacity or equipment and also an emphasis on making certain  that we are keeping their homes safe so those families are safe in that  military on-post housing, that privatized housing, while their loved  ones are deployed.   While we are looking at other components of the NDAA, Tennesseans  have been very concerned and are very pleased, I will say, about what  has transpired with Oak Ridge National Labs and Y-12. Oak Ridge is a  treasure for our Nation, and much of the research in supercomputing and  hypersonics is being done there.   Also, in the Senate this year, we are paying attention to the  implementation of legislation very important to our songwriters. I know  you have heard me say, time and again, that Middle Tennessee,  Nashville, is one of the most creative communities on the face of the  Earth and home to more songwriters than anywhere else on the face of  the Earth, and the Music Modernization Act is going to make certain  that Nashville artists and songwriters are being paid fairly for the  work they are creating. We are pleased that these are all things we  have worked hard on, and we see these as priorities.   When it comes to a legislative agenda that has taken much of my time,  I started this term in the Senate working on some things that protect  the unborn, much as I had done in my service in the House. The first  bill I introduced over here was the Title X Abortion Provider  Prohibition Act, and this is something Tennesseans wanted to see done  to make certain that tax dollars would not be used to fund or support  abortion providers, and it would not go to those clinics.   What Tennesseans wanted to see was those tax dollars being put to  work in rural healthcare and enable access to healthcare for women and  for individuals who did not have access to basic healthcare needs. Our  State has been hit hard by rural hospital closures, and thousands of  Tennesseans are now forced to drive miles out of their way to seek  basic care. I will tell you, this is concerning, especially for the  people living in the most remote areas of the State for whom there is  no such thing as a quick ride or a quick ambulance trip to the  hospital. It is miles of travel sometimes, when those minutes are very  precious and they feel that time is passing quickly and it is critical  to get to that care.   As part of my work this year, I have worked on and developed a rural  health agenda, which has earned bipartisan support here. I thank  Senator Durbin for his work with me on this. I will tell you, this is  legislation that, yes, it has bipartisan support here, but it has a lot  of support scattered around the country.   What this will do is support the establishment and expansion of  medical facilities in rural areas. It will help doctors and other  medical practitioners set up shop outside of the more convenient and  lucrative urban bubbles. It also will enable telemedicine so that you  are taking healthcare out to these areas that have a difficult time  getting in.   Speaking of the urban bubble, a lack of access to healthcare isn't  the only thing that is causing headaches right now in rural America.  Here, in Washington, we don't have to worry about having a reliable  phone signal or an internet connection. We are really fortunate in that  regard. We know when we click on, it is just going to work, but outside  of America's metropolitan areas, communities that lack these resources  are falling behind. My Internet Exchange Act will ensure that rural  areas are able to build and maintain the infrastructure needed to  support high-speed internet connections, which will in turn support  business growth and e-commerce and encourage investment from outside  corporations looking to expand.   You cannot have 21st century education, economic development,  [[Page S6941]]  healthcare, or law enforcement without access to high-speed internet.  Continuing to close that digital divide is a priority, and I thank my  colleagues for the good progress we have made this year.   Of course, that connectivity comes with a price. Opening ourselves up  to the online world means opening ourselves up to the possibilities of  cyber attacks. This is a problem we have to approach as a matter of  national security, as well as on the corporate side and in our homes.   In addition to funding for military pay raises and upgraded  equipment, this year's NDAA, or the National Defense Authorization Act,  includes support for the assessment and expansion of our cyber  warfighting capabilities. As I said, that is only one very important  part of the equation. While I was serving in the House and before I  came to the Senate, I worked on legislation that will get consumers all  the information they need in order to make a decision about how they  want to share their private information and to whom they want to give  access to that information.   Once passed, my bipartisan BROWSER Act will give consumers more  control over how big tech uses their personal data. You, the consumer,  should be able to own your virtual you. You should be able to protect  your presence online, just as you are able to protect your being  yourself in the physical space.   In return, tech companies will be free to innovate and use that data  to build their platforms, and that is what helps make them profitable-- new innovations. They can do that as long as they respect your wishes  on how you want them to use your data.   As head of the Judiciary Committee's tech task force--and I do thank  Senator Feinstein for her leadership in leading this group at the  Judiciary Committee--I have had the privilege of bringing both sides  together on this debate and to the table to have productive discussions  on how to responsibly regulate big tech. I look forward to continuing  that in the New Year.   As we draw to a close, I remind my colleagues that in Tennessee  people remind me regularly that we are a government of the people, by  the people, and for the people. As we talk about things that have been  done this year and things that we need to do before the end of the  year--things like getting VAWA passed--we need to remember that for all  of the shiny-object stories that circulate around here every single  day, the people back home are saying: Your responsibility is to care  for the issues that are important to me. That is where they would like  to see us spending our time.   I yield the floor.   