 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 3  minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, as the minority leader explained, we  unfortunately expect that today Senate Republicans will again make an  effort to spread lies and misinformation about why some women decide to  have abortions later in pregnancy, and they will do so instead of  listening to women like Judy, from my home State of Washington, who  learned that her son's organs were not developing properly--one lung  was just 20 percent formed, and the other was missing entirely; women  like Darla, from Texas, who learned that the complications one of her  twins was facing could endanger the other's life as well; women like  Alyson, a mother of six, who learned that one of her twins had died in  the womb and the other was facing severe complications and that her own  health was in severe risk from the pregnancy; or countless patients in  States that have so severely undermined access to safe, legal abortion  that women struggle to exercise their rights protected under our  Constitution.   It is worth asking, with so much else going on, why are Republicans  spending time doubling down on lies to undermine women's reproductive  health? The unfortunate truth is that my Republican colleagues are not  repeating these falsehoods because they are concerned about children or  families; instead, they are doing whatever they think will help them  reach their goal of taking away access to safe abortion in the United  States of America.   Republicans may not be listening to women or doctors or families like  the ones I just mentioned who had to make extremely difficult  decisions, but Democrats are listening. We know women need to be able  to make the healthcare choices that are right for them and their  families, and healthcare providers need to be able to let medical  standards, not politics, drive patients' care.   None of this should be controversial, and for the vast majority of  people across the country, it is not. But as long as Republicans are  holding partisan hearings to spread misinformation and lies or pushing  anti-doctor, anti-women, and anti-family legislation or putting up new  barriers to make it harder for women to access reproductive healthcare  or trying to defund trusted healthcare providers like Planned  Parenthood through harmful gag rules or jamming through far-right,  ideological judges to chip  [[Page S2301]]  away at Roe v. Wade, Democrats are not going to stop fighting back on  behalf of women, men, and families in this country.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I come to the floor tonight to oppose  the nomination of Cheryl Stanton to serve as Administrator of the  Department of Labor's Wage and Hour Division.   The Wage and Hour Division enforces some of our Nation's most  important workplace laws, including the Federal minimum wage, overtime  pay, child labor laws, and family and medical leave. Yet, Ms. Stanton  has a very long history of siding with employers when they have  violated workers' rights. So I will be voting against this nomination,  and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I also want to object to the Senate moving on Republican labor  nominees without approving nominations for the Equal Employment  Opportunity Commission and the National Labor Relations Board.   Last Congress, in an unprecedented display of obstruction, my  colleagues across the aisle blocked the confirmation of Chai Feldblum  and Mark Pearce for terms on the EEOC and NLRB, respectively.   Even though both of these nominees were highly qualified, respected  by their peers, Senate Republicans refused to give them a vote.   These are critical Agencies that are responsible for protecting  workers' rights. Yet my colleagues across the aisle were more  interested in tilting the playing field even more in favor of  corporations than providing the Commission and the Board with balanced  voices.   Despite longstanding practice to confirm majority and minority  members to independent Agencies, my colleagues across the aisle jammed  through Republican nominees only to the Board without Mr. Pearce, the  Democratic nominee.   Republican leaders allowed one Senator to block the nomination of Ms.  Feldblum to the EEOC, meaning that important civil rights agency is  unable to do some of its most critical work.   In this moment, as our Nation is grappling with how to address the  epidemic of sexual assault and harassment in the workplace,  hamstringing the Agency that is responsible for protecting women's  rights and safety is absolutely the wrong message to send to women, to  workers, and to businesses.   So I am going to keep fighting to make sure the nominees to the  National Labor Relations Board and the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission represent all voices, as they are supposed to, not just  corporations.   I urge every man, woman, and worker who believes workers should have  a voice to join me in that.   I yield the floor.   