 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask that I be permitted to speak for up to 7  minutes as in morning business.    Mr. President, as we move toward debate over the  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020, I wanted to  remind my colleagues that while we stand prepared to negotiate its  various provisions, our military men and women stand at the ready. They  stand at the ready every single day. It is a 24/7 business for them for  a much more serious task, and that is the defense of this great Nation.   As we consider this year's NDAA, we must do so with the understanding  that our Nation is faced with new, sophisticated threats to our way of  life and to the world order.   Two emerging warfighting domains--cyber and space--are capturing much  of the attention of this body and our allies and, I will also add,  capturing the attention of our enemies, of those who do not wish us  well.  [[Page S3636]]    It is these two domains--cyber and space--that pose increased threats  to our national infrastructure and our way of engaging with both those  allies and our adversaries. Debating defense spending means thinking  beyond helicopters and submarines or equipment and artillery and  viewing this authorization in the larger context of multi and unseen  domain warfare. That is why my colleagues and I on the Senate Armed  Services Committee have come to the table with a bill that shores up  funding for these legacy programs and devotes new funding to address  these emerging threats.   First and foremost, this bill authorizes a 3.1-percent pay increase  for the Members of our Armed Forces. That is so vitally important for  the men and women at Fort Campbell, which is located right there on the  Tennessee and Kentucky border. That is a post where I have spent much  of my legislative career involved with those men and women and with the  command team.   This is a justified and well-earned raise that recognizes their  commitment to defending against unfamiliar threats that rise above and  beyond the everyday servicemember's scope of duty.   We have found ourselves once more in the midst of great power  competition. America will always have rivals on the world stage. Over  the past decade, we have seen countries like China and Russia pursuing  increasingly sophisticated and lethal weapons systems.   We have no choice but to recognize this emerging reality and give our  military men and women the tools they need to combat developing threats  and preserve U.S. preeminence across all warfighting domains.   With this funding, we will prioritize more sophisticated cyber  security and space-based strategies, artificial intelligence, and other  emerging technologies. We will take steps to protect the integrity of  our supply chain so we can be confident the microelectronics we depend  on have not been corrupted by foreign spyware.   A good defense is only as strong as its weakest link, and this bill  will allow us to shore up our relationship with the defense industrial  base and ensure that contractors are not under the undue influence of  foreign actors. This is all in addition to readiness projects here at  home.   Our mark includes full funding for the National Nuclear Security  Administration, which is critical to our nuclear modernization program.   I think it is worth noting that our friends in the House cut over $70  million from infrastructure and facility operations, which goes toward  rebuilding crumbling buildings at the NNSA plants and labs. That is  funding that should be restored. Modern and responsive nuclear  infrastructure is an essential part of credible deterrence, which is a  critical concern in great power competition. Funding for these projects  must not end up as a casualty of budget negotiations.   Now, it is true that this is a massive authorization and that much of  the funding we authorize will not manifest itself in visible hardware,  but I encourage my friends in this body, do not let this deter you from  seeing the big picture. National defense is no longer limited to the  tools and infrastructure we can see. It includes an enormous covering  that is needed by our Nation and our allies in this virtual space.   We must focus our defense budget on future threats, not those of the  past, in order to not repeat the mistakes of the past. I believe that  this year's NDAA accomplishes just that.   I yield the floor.   