 Madam President, today I rise and seek my colleagues'  support for the BROWSER Act, which is a bipartisan piece of legislation  that will protect consumers' data privacy and offer tech companies the  freedom they need to innovate.   This is something we are hearing so much about. How do you protect  your privacy online, or do you have privacy online? The BROWSER Act is  the bipartisan solution to that.   Innovation really puts the words and the wisdom of the world at our  fingertips. Think about it. A click of a mouse, a touch of the screen,  and everything you want to know appears right there in front of you.  Now that we have all downloaded a myriad of apps and we are using  search engines every single day, it is commonplace. But what we have  learned and what people are aware of now more than ever is that in the  process of doing this, they have given away something vitally important  and precious; that is, their privacy and their information. I call it  your ``virtual you'' because it is you, your presence, that is right  there online.    As your transactional life has grown online--you pay your bills, you  do your shopping, you order your groceries, you order dinner to be  delivered--every time you do that, you are giving these apps a peek  into your privacy, into your habits, and there is really quite a battle  going on. Who owns the ``virtual you''? Is it you or the bank or the  insurance company or the app that is providing that service?   Data is the bedrock of most tech companies' revenue streams. The  higher the quality of that data, the more money they are going to get  for the ad space they sell. The more money they get for the ad space  they sell, the more profit they are going to put into their pocket.   When you look at all these apps--Facebook, YouTube, Instagram,  Google, Snapchat--all of these apps are taking your information. They  mine your information, and it gets sold--sold for those that are  placing ads on your screen.   There is a reason companies provide convoluted, pages-long  disclosure, full disclosure and privacy policies in tiny print so small  you can't read it. It is the same reason that watchdogs warn consumers  that if the service is free, you are the product. If the service is  free--take a look at these--you are the product. You are because it is  your information that they want.   Now, I will tell you this: We have come to a season in our society  where we have a different story just about every single day of some  type of bad behavior from one of these companies. The current story  today is about FaceApp, and I think that if I went around the room and  asked those who are younger if they have used any of these face- altering apps, they would probably say: Yeah, we downloaded one. They  are really a lot of fun to play with.   Here is the danger: That app--these face-altering apps and FaceApp-- is not limited to just bits of personal information that are going to  be appended to a data set. It could be your image used publicly--with  your consent, of course, if you agreed to the fine print by clicking  ``download'' or ``get.'' With that, you give your privacy away.   Consumers have really grown accustomed to clicking the ``get''  button. They say: I don't have time to read all of this. It would take  too long. I don't understand what it means. I just want to use this  app. It is convenient.   A quick scroll through an average Instagram feed this morning  revealed post after post of artificially-aged faces, all thanks to  FaceApp, which now owns those images and can do whatever it wants with  those images because you unintentionally, when you clicked ``get,''  gave them the permission to use them.   This is one of those things where you have to say: Buyer beware and  know what you are getting into. Ask anybody who downloaded that app  last night, and I bet you they have a little bit of buyer's remorse  going on, and they probably wish they hadn't done it and opened those  photos to being used by people they will never ever know.   Over the past few years, we have watched tech companies lose control  of their own narrative, and that is for good reason. Customers feel  invaded and are demanding a more satisfying response to the current  parade of controversy--something more than just ``Oh, we are going to  do better in the future.'' It is clear that the tech company can no  longer regulate itself. Big Tech does not have the appetite for self- regulation.   That is why I welcome my colleagues on each side of the aisle to sign  on to the BROWSER Act. This bill really has been years in the making. I  first introduced it in the House of Representatives during the 115th  Congress, but my  [[Page S4933]]  work on the issue began long before that, as I chaired the Privacy  Working Group in the House.   What this legislation, the BROWSER Act, would do is it would set up a  Federal compliance framework that tech companies would use as a guide.  It would require companies to secure a clear opt-in from you, the  consumer, before collecting sensitive information about your health,  your finances, or your Social Security numbers--things that are  important and personal to you. They would have to get your explicit  permission in order to use those. For less sensitive information, like  an IP address or your browsing history or your search and your purchase  history, companies would have to give customers the opportunity to opt- out so that they would not have the permission to share that.   Companies won't be able to deny service to anyone refusing to waive  their privacy, but the Federal Trade Commission will keep the playing  field level by applying the rules equally across the entire internet  ecosystem.   To recap that, you would have opt-in for sensitive information and  opt-out for nonsensitive information and one set of rules, with one  regulator, for the entire internet ecosystem and a tech platform that  would not be able to throw you off because you said: Hey, I want to  protect myself and my family.   I think it is important, too, to realize that the BROWSER Act does  not overregulate the industry, but what this does is it says: Let's  have guidelines. Let's have some guardrails up here. Let's have a  light-touch regulation that is going to protect the consumer and allow  the consumer to protect their ``virtual you,'' their presence online.   Lately, what we have seen is some blowback from some very public  mistakes that have chased some of these big tech companies into the  arms of the regulators, making them all too happy to accept government- mandated rules in lieu of internal standards. You have heard it. You  have heard some people like Facebook saying: Oh, my goodness. We will  accept regulation now. We want the Federal Government more involved.  What they are trying to do is block out innovation and competition and  new startups because they control the marketplace.    Google. Ninety percent of search is done by Google.   Recently, Facebook got a $5 billion fine from the Federal Trade  Commission. I said that actually wasn't enough. It should have been  more like $50 billion when you look at the business Facebook has built  and the valuation they have built. They are a big advertising company.  They have this platform. They get you on that platform. They build  their valuation off the number of eyeballs they capture to that, the  users they have and, remember what I said earlier, the high quality of  the data. That is money in their revenue stream, and it is profit in  their pockets. Their bad behavior will not change unless we change the  way they are going to be able to do business.   Understanding the business of Big Tech is half the battle. I have  been at this for years, going back to my days in Tennessee, my home  State, as we looked at film and entertainment and music and moving from  analog to digital in the economy, coming to Congress, working in the  House on this issue.   I will state that the ins and outs of this industry is not something  that can be learned in a day or something you can be briefed on and  then all of a sudden you are an expert in that area. If you think you  know it all--what I have learned in tech is, the more you learn the  less you know, and you have to keep working on it if you are going to  properly regulate the industry.   I thank my colleague Senate Judiciary Chairman Lindsey Graham for  recognizing the need for institutional knowledge by this body and for  asking me to lead the committee's new technology task force. This is a  bipartisan group. We will meet regularly with leaders in the tech  industry, and we will talk a good bit about data, privacy, competition,  prioritization, censorship, and other issues that will arise. Our first  meeting is actually going to be later today. I would encourage my  friends in the Senate to use this time and use this task force as a  resource and study up because these issues are not going to go away. It  is time for us to do something on the issues of privacy, data security,  censorship, and prioritization.   To my colleagues who are really very skeptical that we can use a  lighter touch in regulating Big Tech, I want to say this: Washington is  historically very bad at culture change. They are very bad at it. What  we do know is, when looking at the technology that now underpins every  single industrial sector in this country, that technology goes through  a life cycle, if you will, in about 18 months. We know there cannot be  heavy-handed regulation. We know we cannot regulate to a technology. We  know that the guidelines need to be put in place, and the guardrails  need to be laid down.   We need to make certain businesses are looking at their consumers,  and they are saying: You can trust us to be a good steward of your  information. Consumers, citizens--Tennesseeans, in my case--need to  know I have asked the tech companies to work to restore the trust and  confidence that is needed by the online consumer and to move away from  having it understood by people--understood in the negative--that if the  service is free, you are the product.   Let's join together, in a bipartisan fashion, and give the American  online consumer the ability to control and to own their virtual  ``you,'' which is them and their presence online.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   