 Mr. President, I am really pleased to be here with my  fellow West Virginia Senator, Mr. Manchin. We have joined each other on  this topic before, but he has been a real champion for our miners, and  I am really grateful to him and others who have participated, but I  think we have got to talk about this every day and make sure that we  underscore the urgent need to pass the Bipartisan American Miners Act.  I appreciate Senator Manchin and certainly appreciate Leader McConnell  who has been a  [[Page S6733]]  champion for our miners as well--Senator Portland as well--who have  made this retirement security a top priority.   Back in 2017, time was running out on the healthcare benefits for  12,000 retired miners. I remember it well, particularly following the  Patriot Coal bankruptcy. We came together as a bipartisan group to pass  legislation with the House that protected healthcare for those men and  women. While we are in a similar situation today, which we knew we were  going to be here, the Senate needs to act soon to save the healthcare  of 13,000 retired miners and protect the pension benefits of 92,000  people.   Time is of the essence here because roughly 1,000 retirees from  Westmoreland and Mission Coal will lose their healthcare at the end of  the year if we do not act; 12,000 more could lose their healthcare by  next spring, and the pension benefits are at risk in 2020. This is a  critical, critical issue for my State and many others.   I am going to take a brief moment to explain how this legislation  works, and it is a bit complicated. In 2006, when we passed the last  reauthorization of the Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation Program, we had  a capped permanent direct appropriation that was created for transfer  of payments. That permanent direct appropriation, along with the  interest on the AML--the Abandoned Mine Land--trust fund has been used  to fund AML payments to certified States and to provide healthcare for  our miners. What do we do to certify States? The whole point of the AML  is to do reclamation and repair of previously mined lands all  throughout our country.   That permanent direct appropriation has been used for the payments  for the certified States and also to provide healthcare to our orphaned  miners. Well, for those who are not from a coal company, what is an  orphaned miner? An orphaned miner is someone who earned a vested right  to retiree healthcare benefits through years of hard work but worked  for a company that either no longer exists or is no longer financially  solvent.   The Bipartisan American Miners Act makes use of the same  appropriation that was created in 2006 to cover the healthcare for  retirees whose healthcare would be lost due to the bankruptcies in  2018, 2019. The bill would provide resources to guarantee the long-term  solvency of the mine workers' pension fund. This is critical. Previous  versions of this bill that many of us supported were able to accomplish  this goal of protecting those retirement beneficiaries without lifting  the cap on the direct appropriation that was set in 2006.   Because Congress has delayed action for so long, our current  legislation must lift the cap in order to provide healthcare and  pension benefits for our miners. Protecting these benefits is a top  priority for me because it impacts so many mining families and  communities in West Virginia. Just last weekend, I talked to three  miners directly impacted, just kind of randomly ran into them in  different areas of our State.   But I think it is important to understand that this bill does not  place other policy items in jeopardy. That is a misconception. Passing  this bill does not disturb the principal balance of the AML trust fund.  That means we are not jeopardizing funds that are used to clean up  abandoned mine sites, and passing this bill will not cut funding for  other transfer payments that are authorized by the law.   What the bill will do is protect retirement benefits for tens of  thousands of retired miners and their families--benefits that have been  worked for, benefits that have been earned through the hard work in our  mines; 25,451 West Virginians received benefits from the pension fund  during 2018. They were joined by more than 11,000 Pennsylvanians, 8,500  Kentuckians, and thousands more from Illinois, Virginia, Alabama, and  Ohio. The pension benefits of all the men and women are at risk if  Congress fails to act.   The average benefit--listen to this--the average benefit for our  miners is $590 a month, so these are not lavish benefits, but they are  critical to our retirees. One retired miner from Logan, WV, who worked  for 36 years in the mines, wrote me and said, ``Please keep fighting to  save our pension. I receive $303.34 monthly. We need this badly to help  us pay for our food, our medicine and other bills.''   A miner from Richwood, WV, who mined coal for 17 years, wrote, ``My  monthly check is $192. It is not a lot of money, but it means a lot to  my ability to make ends meet.''   I would add to both of these, these men, these gentlemen, they worked  for these pensions. They paid into the pensions. They should receive  them. Pension benefits from the mine workers plan went to individuals  in all 55 West Virginian counties, so this is truly an issue that  impacts my entire State. But in the areas that have the largest number  of pensioners, which is Raleigh, Logan, Wyoming, Marion, and Boone  Counties, cuts to the pension and healthcare benefits of our retired  families would have significant impacts on our entire community.   If these retirees face severe reductions in their pensions, it means  less money spent at the local businesses, less money at a local  restaurant, and it would cause further economic harm to the areas that  cannot afford another blow.   So I ask my colleagues to join me, Senator Manchin, Leader McConnell,  Senator Portman, and many others, by supporting the Bipartisan American  Miners Act.   I yield the floor.   