 Mr. President, as we begin the month of May, which we  are just 2 days in now, and our Nation's observance of Older Americans'  Month, I come to the floor to speak on a topic that is very close to my  heart, and that is Alzheimer's disease.   Like so many Americans, I have felt the impact of this disease. I  lost both of my parents to Alzheimer's disease pretty close to the same  time. Our family--my brother and my sister and I--helped to care for  them. I understand the difficulties that caregivers and families have  as they are trying to figure out how to face this difficult challenge  because this disease is devastating, especially to the patients and  their loved ones.   My father passed away in January of 2015, just 1 day after I was  sworn in as a U.S. Senator. My mother, Shelley, passed away just a few  months beforehand, in September of 2014.   There is not a book that has yet been written that can tell you what  to do when a loved one is diagnosed because each case is different, and  there is no magic formula, but I feel strongly that we can do much more  to help our caregivers, to ease the pain of those who suffer from this  disease, and, most importantly, to find a cure.   The statistics surrounding Alzheimer's are staggering. Over 5 million  Americans are living with the disease, and it is estimated that as many  as 16 million will have the disease by 2050 if medical breakthroughs do  not slow or, better yet, cure this disease.   In my home State of West Virginia, over 38,000 West Virginians are  currently living with the disease, and these are just the ones we know  about. A lot of these cases go undiagnosed or are unreported.   Across the country, nearly one in every three seniors who dies each  year has Alzheimer's or another type of dementia. The cost of caring-- and this is not the emotional cost; this is the actual dollar cost--for  those with Alzheimer's and other dementias is also notable--an  estimated $277 billion in 2018, increasing to $1.1 trillion by the year  2050.   These numbers make it clear that we have much work we need to do for  those living with the disease, for those caring for them, and for the  many who face a future diagnosis.   Over the past few months, I have taken some first steps to address  needs facing each of these groups. Fortunately, this is not a task I am  working on alone--as I said, almost everybody is touched by this  disease--and I have great bipartisan partners to work with.   Last month, I joined Senators Stabenow, Wicker, and Menendez to  introduce the CHANGE Act. This bipartisan legislation encourages early  assessment and diagnosis of Alzheimer's. It seeks to better utilize the  ``Welcome to Medicare'' initial exam and annual Medicare wellness  visits to screen, detect, and diagnose Alzheimer's and related  dementias in their earliest stages. It also establishes payment  measures to incentivize detection, diagnosis, and discussion of  appropriate care planning services, including the potential for  clinical trial participation. Let's be honest. A conversation along  these lines on this topic is very difficult.   Early assessment and diagnosis offer the important possibility for  the patient to be able to be involved in decisions regarding their own  care--involve the people before they can no longer make that decision  for themselves. I wish I had been able to do that. I tried, but I  wasn't able to kind of get that answer that I was hoping for.   That is a goal that Senators Stabenow, Collins, Markey, Menendez, and  I had when we championed the HOPE for Alzheimer's Act back in the 114th  Congress. It is a goal we achieved in 2016, when the Centers for  Medicare and Medicaid Services announced that Medicare would begin to  pay for an individual care plan for newly diagnosed Alzheimer's  patients, effectively implementing our legislation.   This new benefit went into effect in the year 2017. It encourages  doctors to give a clear diagnosis to patients with Alzheimer's disease.  That includes information about treatment options and what medical and  community services are available.   Here is the rub. Unfortunately, in 2017, less than 1 percent of  seniors living with Alzheimer's actually received the care planning  benefit that was created in the HOPE for Alzheimer's Act. So our  bipartisan team regathered--as I mentioned, these are not easy  conversations. They are not easy for families, and they are not easy  for medical professionals. In late March, we introduced the Improving  HOPE Act.   This bill would require the Department of Health and Human Services  to conduct outreach, to make sure our healthcare providers are aware of  this important benefit, and to report back on rates of utilization and  barriers we need to know about. Hopefully, this will help ensure more  Alzheimer's patients and their families actually receive this benefit,  as well as the information it is intended to provide.   It is also important to remember that while many living with  Alzheimer's are in their later years, like my parents were, there are  also more than 200,000 Americans under the age of 65 who are living  with Alzheimer's. I have met several who are in their early stages. It  is a difficult disease at any time, but for a younger person, it is  tremendously sad.   These individuals and their families also need access to support  services that most their age don't require and don't need. To make sure  they have access, I recently joined Senators Collins, Casey, and Jones  to introduce the Younger-Onset Alzheimer's Disease Act. This bill will  amend the Older Americans Act to allow individuals under the age of 60,  who are diagnosed with younger onset Alzheimer's disease, to access its  support programs. Under current law, only those over the age of 60 are  eligible for Older Americans Act programs, leaving Americans with  younger onset Alzheimer's without access to vital programs and  services. The Younger-Onset Alzheimer's Disease Act would address this  disparity, and it would ensure that these individuals have access to  things like nutritional services, supportive services, and respite care  through the National Family Caregiver Support Program.   Of course, it is also essential that we continue to work toward a  cure for this heartbreaking disease. As a member of the Senate  Appropriations Committee, I have worked with Labor, Health and Human  Services Subcommittee Chairman Blunt and others to provide resources  for crucial Alzheimer's research.   In fact, with the passage of the Labor-H bill last year, we surpassed  the $2 billion milestone when it comes to Alzheimer's research. That  means we are making sure NIH has the funding it needs to continue its  work and to help to support the work of others.   I was recently very proud to welcome to West Virginia Dr. Marie  Bernard. She is the Deputy Director of the National Institute on Aging  at NIH. She came to West Virginia University, where we visited the  Rockefeller Neuroscience Institute, which will be opening soon-- actually, I think in about 10 days.   We spent the day learning more about the innovative and  groundbreaking work being done there. Dr. Bernard shared with the  Institutes' faculty students and staff the opportunities this increased  funding can offer to this field of research at West Virginia  University.   It is easy to get discouraged when you hear about a once-promising  clinical trial not moving forward--which  [[Page S2600]]  was the news just 2 weeks ago. They were moving forward with the  clinical trial medication, and they had to stop the trial because they  weren't getting satisfactory results--or when we learn that another  person we know was diagnosed with the disease or when a cure really  does seem so far away.   Hearing the passion in Dr. Bernard's voice for the work she has  dedicated her life to and seeing the excitement and hope in the eyes of  the students who listened to her, the young researchers, well, that was  proof to me that we are making progress and an illustration of the will  and determination that exists to continue making process.   I share that will and determination, and I will continue to work for  the day when a patient and their families can more easily receive an  early assessment and diagnosis, for the day when, following such a  diagnosis, they routinely receive an individual care plan to help guide  them, for the day when Alzheimer's patients of all ages are able to  access the Older Americans Act support services but best yet, of  course, the day when we can celebrate the first person cured of  Alzheimer's disease.   I think this is a mission for me in loving memory of both of my  parents who fought hard through the diagnosis, but in the end, for  those of you who have been exposed to this through your own families,  it is a losing battle, a sad battle, a tough battle, and an emotionally  and financially draining battle.   I look forward to working with my colleagues to make all of this and  so much more a reality of those living with Alzheimer's and those who  care and love them.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   