 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Thank you, Mr. President.   We just heard Senators Romney and Manchin talking about our Nation's  economic woes and legislation they are handling on a bipartisan basis.  I think it is always a good and positive thing when we can approach our  work in a bipartisan way. It is what the American people are expecting  us to do.   Yesterday, in our Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, we  had bipartisanship at work again. We were carrying out one of the  duties we have in Congress, which is to conduct oversight and to make  certain that not only the processes of government and the fiscal health  of our government are on a firm footing but also to look at things like  consumer protection and public safety.   Our hearing yesterday dealt with these deadly and disastrous crashes  that happened with the Boeing 737 MAX. We know that those crashes  occurred and remember that one occurred in Indonesia and one in  Ethiopia.   I will tell you that, in my opinion, the executives from the Boeing  Company tried--and they failed--to explain to members of the Senate  Commerce Committee why they allowed the 737 MAX aircraft to reach the  commercial market.   We discovered that the company's highest echelon neglected a  responsibility to ensure that the aircraft met their highest safety  standards. It was of concern to us. I don't know, and I think many of  us were left trying to figure out, whether this was something that was  a corporate culture problem, whether it was a communication problem, or  whether it was a negligence issue.   Until a few weeks ago, executives, including president and CEO Dennis  Muilenburg, had not read emails revealing how Boeing officials  convinced the FAA to approve training materials and delete troublesome  flight systems data and had not read text messages showing that  employees lied to regulators about safety problems with the plane's  MCAS system. That is the Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation  System. They had not read the text messages that spelled out there was  a problem.   When asked at the hearing for technical details on the science and  systems behind the MAX's approval, Muilenburg and his cohort were  unable to even give a straight answer. We did not get the answers we  needed on questions about their process, test pilots, or simulators.   Yesterday's hearing made it clear that Boeing leadership cannot  provide the answers we are looking for, not for ourselves but on behalf  of the victims and their families and on behalf of the flying public  who, yes, safety is their priority.   The Senate really needs to look at this issue again. Our Commerce  Committee should schedule another hearing on the people and the  procedures and hear from the engineers and the test pilots behind  Boeing's MAX program.   Perhaps these engineers and pilots will be able to do a better job  than the executives did yesterday, and perhaps they can explain to the  families of these 346 crash victims how so many people ended up dead  after choosing one the world's safest modes of transportation.   I yield the floor.   