 Madam President, I rise to join my colleague Senator  Heinrich and others who have come before. I am calling on Senator  McConnell to act now to address the gun crisis in our country.   Every day that the Senate Republican leaders refuse to act, they are  making a choice to be complicit as more lives continue to be lost.  People across my State and the country want to see action, and they are  tired of waiting for it.   I have met with countless families across New York who have lost  their children, spouses, friends, community members, and neighbors to  gun violence. I have met people who have survived mass shootings and  people who live every single day with the threat of gun violence in  their neighborhoods. I have heard their stories and seen how their  lives have been torn apart by gun violence. Today I want to tell some  of those stories to you.   Robert Gaafar, one of my constituents from Long Island and a father  of young children, was at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival in Las  Vegas for work. He heard loud popping noises and soon realized they  weren't coming from the performance on stage but from a gun. As the  shooter fired round after round, Robert hid behind a metal vending  machine for protection. The bullets being fired around him were so  powerful he could actually feel the shock waves. He said that he would  never forget the silence of 20,000 people at a concert or the horrific  screams of grown men and women he could hear as the gunman reloaded. He  was lucky. He survived. But 58 people did not, and many more were  injured.   Another New Yorker, Trenelle Gabay, had to make the unthinkable  decision to take her husband off of life support after he was shot in  the crossfire of two rival gangs at a community festival in Brooklyn.  He was just an innocent bystander, and, ironically, he was an attorney  for the State who helped draft the NY SAFE Act, which set a precedent  for one of the strongest gun laws in the country. He was not immune  from gun violence himself. As Trenelle told it, her husband's life and  bright light were extinguished by guns.   At the trial, Trenelle heard a criminal testify about how easy it was  for him to purchase a gun and traffic it from Georgia to New York. It  should not be this easy for criminals to get access to dangerous  weapons. It should not be so easy for lives to be taken so senselessly.   One mother I met in New York, Jackie Rowe-Adams, lost not one but two  sons to gun violence. One of her sons was shot when he was 17 years old  outside of a bodega in Harlem. The reason? Two men with a gun believed  that her son was staring at them, so they killed him.   Ms. Rowe-Adams lost her second son to gun violence during a robbery  outside of her apartment. The boy who shot him was only 13 years old.  He should never have had access to a gun. Imagine the horror of being a  mother and losing two of your sons to gun violence.   Then there is another one of my constituents, Edwin Vargas. His 16- year-old son Luis was killed on Halloween when an unknown gunman  decided to fire his weapon into the crowd in a neighborhood in the  Bronx. The gunman was irritated by a group of teenagers who were  throwing eggs in his neighborhood, so he began to randomly shoot into  the crowd. The gunman hit three innocent bystanders, including Luis.  Luis was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.   These are the tragic and heart-wrenching stories that New Yorkers  have shared with me. They are by no means unique. In every State around  the country, there are too many stories just like these. The reality is  that mass shootings can and have happened in every corner of this  country in all types of places.   Gun violence is becoming the new normal in America. Certainly it has  happened in Arizona. We do not have to live in a country where mass  shootings occur in our schools, our houses of worships, our movie  theaters, our playgrounds, our stores, our community gatherings, at  festivals, at concerts, at nightclubs, and at Congress on your corner.   Madam President, I am speaking to you and to every other Republican  in this Chamber. We all have a responsibility to do the right thing and  stand up to the NRA and stand up to the greed and corruption that is in  this country today that makes every decision about whether we have a  vote on commonsense gun reform.   I can poll your State for you. I can ask every NRA member in America:  Do you support universal background checks, banning large magazines,  military-style weapons? Leave them in the  [[Page S5517]]  hands of military members, not someone who walks into a store and buys  them because he wants to shoot large numbers of people in minutes and  seconds. That is what is happening in America today.   I would like you to look up because I have to say this is something  all of us should be caring about, especially from Arizona, where my  dear friend Gabby Giffords was shot for doing her job and a young girl  showing up for ``Congress on Your Corner'' to meet her Congresswoman  died. It is not OK. The time for turning a blind eye is over.   I yield the floor.   