 Madam President, today President Trump and Republican  attorneys general are explaining in court why they think people who got  their healthcare through the exchanges or Medicaid expansion should  have it ripped away. They are explaining why limits on patients' out- of-pocket costs should go away while limits on their annual and  lifetime benefits should come back and why protections for people with  preexisting conditions should be struck down.   In other words, Republicans are, once again, fighting to take us back  to the bad old days to give big insurance companies all the power, to  leave millions of people without any hope of getting the quality  affordable care they need and to leave patients and families with fewer  protections and higher bills--patients like Lily from Gig Harbor, WA,  in my home State.   Lily is a rising high school sophomore. She is a rising soccer star,  and she is a patient living with cystic fibrosis. To stay healthy and  stay on the field, Lily needs to take several prescriptions a day. She  needs to keep expensive medical devices on hand and visit specialists  every other month, not to mention the hospital a couple of times a  year. Even on a good month, her healthcare can cost thousands of  dollars.   For families like hers, the stakes could not be higher. If  Republicans win their blatantly partisan lawsuit, insurance companies  could kick patients like Lily off their parents' insurance before they  turn 26, meaning that instead of worrying whether Lily will continue  her soccer career at Gonzaga or UW or somewhere else, her family could  spend her senior year worrying how to make sure she can get the  healthcare she needs.   If Republicans win, insurance companies could also avoid covering  essential health benefits patients need--things like prescription drugs  or emergency care. They could remove limits on how much patients have  to pay out of pocket and put limits on patients' annual and lifetime  benefits, which is particularly challenging for patients, like Lily,  who need expensive drugs to treat chronic preexisting conditions.   If Republicans win, insurance companies could discriminate against  patients who have preexisting conditions, like cystic fibrosis, by  charging them more, excluding benefits, or even denying them coverage  completely.   Let's be clear. Lily is just 1 of 30,000 patients in our country with  cystic fibrosis and 1 of over 100 million patients in our country  living with a preexisting condition.   Like the woman who wrote to me about her severe arthritis, which  could be debilitating without treatment, or her husband whose high  blood pressure could be deadly without medication, or the mom who wrote  to me about her son's rare form of epilepsy and how, without insurance,  the medical costs would crush her family. For these families and so  many other patients living with a preexisting condition, the lawsuit  Republicans are bringing today is a matter of life and death.   People are watching closely, and they are not going to forget who  kept their word to fight for their healthcare, to fight for protections  for people with preexisting conditions, and who on the other side  blatantly broke that promise by championing a partisan lawsuit that  would throw the healthcare of millions of people out the window.   Democrats are not going to stop fighting for families like Lily's; we  are not going to stop holding President Trump accountable for his  ongoing healthcare sabotage; and we are not going to stop pushing for  commonsense steps that help women and families get quality, affordable  healthcare or pushing Republicans to work with us to get the train back  on the track and stop pulling up the rails.   I yield the floor.   