 Madam President, I rise today to express my  opposition to confirming Andrew Wheeler to serve as Administrator of  the Environmental Protection Agency.   His lobbying activities and tenure, first as Deputy, then as Acting  Administrator, show that he should not be leading the EPA in a  permanent capacity.   We are at a crossroads for action on climate change. The United  Nations issued a special report in October, warning of the catastrophic  consequences of allowing global warming to surpass 1.5 degrees Celsius.   The report warned that human activity has already caused about 1  degree of warming and that we need to drastically cut emissions--45  percent by 2030 and 100 percent by 2050--to stay below 1.5 degrees.   The EPA is the strongest institution we have in the United States to  combat climate change in terms of technical expertise and legal  authority. Unfortunately, I fear that, if the EPA remains under the  leadership of Andrew Wheeler, it will continue dismantling critical  regulations and rolling back previous efforts to address climate  change.   Andrew Wheeler is a former coal and fossil fuel lobbyist. Despite a  duty to serve the public's interest, he has instead worked to push a  counterproductive agenda of deregulation at the EPA.   During Mr. Wheeler's EPA tenure, the Trump administration has  aggressively moved to undermine numerous greenhouse gas emission  regulations. This includes President Obama's landmark Clean Power Plan,  performance standards for new power plants, and methane emission  standards for the oil and gas industry.   I am most concerned that Andrew Wheeler is overseeing the Trump  administration's efforts to roll back our national program for motor  vehicle emission standards, an issue that I have worked on for decades.   Under the current program, fuel economy standards for new cars and  SUVs are set to exceed 50 miles per gallon by 2025. To date, these  standards have saved 550 million barrels of oil, $65 billion in fuel  costs for American families, and 250 million metric tons of carbon  dioxide.   The success of these standards comes, in part, from the fact that  they have been implemented as a single, coordinated national program  under the authority of the EPA, the Department of Transportation, and  the State of California.   The Department of Transportation implements the Ten-in-Ten Fuel  Economy Act, which was signed into law in 2007 following a bipartisan  legislative effort over the course of many years. I was proud to work  together with our former colleague Olympia Snowe of Maine and many  others from both parties to strengthen the Corporate Average Fuel  Economy standards for the first time in three decades.   This law requires fuel economy standards to increase by at least 10  miles per gallon by 2020. Beyond 2020, the law requires standards to be  set at the maximum feasible level based on available technology, which  the administration is trying to avoid doing for 2022-2026.   For its part, the EPA implements complementary vehicle emission  standards under the Clean Air Act. That law also recognizes  California's longstanding authority to regulate its own air pollution  and allows other States to choose to follow California's standards in  lieu of Federal requirements, as 13 States have now done.   Today these standards are collectively implemented as a single  national program under a 2012 agreement between the Department of  Transportation, the EPA, and the State of California that applies  through model year 2025.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration is working to tear up that  agreement and weaken Federal standards starting in 2022. Last week, the  administration announced it would refuse to negotiate with California  to salvage this program. Instead of seeking consensus, the EPA,  overseen by Mr. Wheeler, is proposing to challenge California's  longstanding authority. These actions are unjustified and will only  create chaos and uncertainty for the automobile market.   Under Mr. Wheeler's watch, the Trump administration has also  continued to roll back or undermine many other important EPA  environmental health and safety regulations.   From attempts to undermine effective Mercury and Air Toxics  Standards, to evading the EPA's commitments to set safe drinking water  standards, to failing to fully implement the Toxic Substances Control  Act, it is clear that Mr. Wheeler will only continue his efforts to  dismantle the EPA from within.   I was a proud supporter of the bipartisan Frank R. Lautenberg  Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, which passed in 2016. This  bill amends and updates the Toxic Substances Control Act, which is the  Nation's primary  [[Page S1567]]  chemicals management law. Thousands of Californians rely on it to  safeguard against exposure to toxic chemicals we encounter every day.   EPA is charged with protecting all Americans from undue and harmful  exposure to existing and newly introduced chemicals. However, under the  Trump administration, the EPA's safety reviews of toxic substances has  fallen far short of the intent of this sweeping, bipartisan toxic  chemical reform legislation.   One example of a chemical that I am very concerned about is asbestos.  As a result of the administration's lack of action, my colleagues in  the Senate and I introduced legislation in 2017 that would have amended  the Toxic Substances Control Act to require the EPA to identify and  assess all forms of asbestos and ultimately ban this known carcinogen.   This bill was named after Alan Reinstein, who passed away in 2006 at  the age of 66 from mesothelioma, a disease caused by exposure to  asbestos. Delays in banning asbestos have meant that as many as 15,000  Americans die each year from exposure.   During Wheeler's tenure, the EPA has resisted calls to eliminate  exemptions for asbestos in the current Chemical Data Reporting rule, a  reporting requirement under the Toxic Substances Control Act, to comply  with its mandate to prevent unreasonable risks to health and the  environment presented by asbestos.   Despite knowing the health risks for decades, asbestos is still used  in a wide variety of construction materials that the public unwittingly  comes into contact with every day.   Andrew Wheeler's tenure at the EPA, both as Deputy Administrator for  the EPA and as Acting Administrator, has shown a clear disregard for  the EPA's mission to protect the public and the environment. I urge all  of my colleagues to oppose his confirmation.   Thank you.   