 Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor this afternoon  with my Democratic colleagues to voice my strong opposition to this  administration's move to take money away from our military to fund  President Trump's wasteful border wall.   I often say that we make a promise as a nation to take care of our  servicemembers and their families sacrificing to defend our freedoms.  But the Pentagon's announcement this week that it plans to move  billions of dollars away from critical military construction projects  across our country is more than a broken promise to our troops; it is  an egregious abuse of power that undercuts Congress's constitutional  obligation to set our Nation's budget, and it compromises critical  national security priorities.   Earlier today, Democrats on our Appropriations Committee and I  supported an amendment to the Defense appropriations bill that would  prevent the President from undermining Congress's authority. I was very  disappointed to vote against that bill because our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle would not join us to pass that necessary  amendment and stand up against this outrageous plunder.   This Executive overreach is deeply disturbing. It is particularly  relevant to my home State of Washington, one of the States most  impacted by the Pentagon's reckless decision this week. We learned that  efforts to update the pier and maintenance facility at Naval Base  Kitsap--a project essential to ensuring the safety and readiness of our  military's nuclear submarines--are now deferred indefinitely because  the nearly $89 million that Congress appropriated specifically for that  priority are now being moved to build Trump's wall.   As a reminder, this is a wall that the majority of the American  people did not ask for and do not want and that President Trump  originally claimed Mexico was going to pay for. It is a wall that  Congress has time and again decided not to fund on a bipartisan  [[Page S5465]]  basis, to the point that President Trump decided to make a bogus  national emergency declaration and sidestep Congress to raid the  Federal coffers for his reckless vanity project.   It is not just Naval Base Kitsap. We also learned that President  Trump and the Pentagon are more than happy to fund this wall by  slashing other military priorities, like strengthening access to  military childcare, repairing vital military assets that were damaged  by recent natural disasters, and more that enable our troops and their  families to serve our country as we ask them to do.   Here is the bottom line: I--and Senate Democrats--will not stand by  while this President steps over Congress to build his wall on the backs  of our troops and their families because they deserve a lot better for  this country. I will not let up until this is made right.   I yield the floor.   