 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to complete my remarks before the vote.    Mr. President, I am so pleased to stand with Senator  Ernst and my colleagues today to talk about the 2019 Violence Against  Women Act.  [[Page S6694]]    Most women will tell you that they know of a female friend or  acquaintance or relative who has experienced the horrors of sexual  assault or domestic violence or even trafficking. Through my work with  shelters back home in Tennessee, I have learned that the volunteers,  the counselors, the advocates, and the attorneys who support these  victims are of the utmost importance. They are who the victims need to  see the minute they walk through that door, into their arms, and hear  them say: How can we help you? This is a safe place.   These are the people who come around them to empower them, and the  one thing I hear over and over in the wake of one's attack is that  these victims need that type of support. This is why, in addition to  providing funding for both prevention and educational programs, this  year's authorization will do some important things. It will increase  funding for the court-appointed special advocates by $3 million. It  will provide over $1 million per year for Federal victim counselors. It  will also help to provide transitional housing to victims, which is  something they will desperately need. They need to know they have a  safe place.   These resources--and this is important--are going to go directly into  the hands of those who are providing these services, and this will have  a direct impact on the lives of these women when they need it the most.   Just for a moment, I would like to highlight a portion of the  reauthorization on which I have spent a good deal of time working this  year. It has to do with a particular violent sexual crime that is so  grotesque that most Americans prefer not to even acknowledge it. They  don't want to admit that this exists. Yet, for the victims of female  genital mutilation, the pain and the humiliation are nearly unbearable.   You would think that Federal prosecutors would be able to make short  work out of such heinous charges, but due to a loophole in Federal  criminal law, scores of victims have watched their abusers walk free.  The Federal Prohibition of Female Genital Mutilation Act of 2019, which  is a separate bill that I sponsored earlier this year, is now a part of  this year's reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. It will  correct fatal constitutional flaws in the Federal statute that bans the  practice of FGM. When this is done, under Federal law, prosecutions for  mutilation and cutting will be able to continue.   I would be remiss if I did not say that in a perfect world, we would  not have to worry about allocating resources for safe houses and for  victim counseling. We should not have to do this, but this is not a  perfect world. So, yes, indeed, we do have to step up and do this for  the sake of the thousands of women who fall victim to sexual violence,  trafficking, and sexual abuse each year.   I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come  together and work on this. Let's pass the 2019 Violence Against Women  Act.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, it is so interesting to be here on the  floor and to hear such a variety of ideas and to know that, across the  country, people are logging on and they are tuning in and they are  watching how we go about our business. And one of the things that is so  interesting as we pull the Internet and online activity into our lives  and stay connected, we sometimes enjoy the idea of just ``unplugging''  for a weekend, going to somewhere in the country that holds a really  special appeal. Certainly at this time of year, people will talk about  going away for Thanksgiving, or maybe they went away during the fall to  look at pretty leaves.   They see it as an escape and maybe even an opportunity to get just a  little bit of smugness in their tone when they talk about how they have  chosen a destination that has politely informed them to not expect WiFi  and not to expect that Internet connection.   But here is a question for you: How many would make that trip, but  still knowing there is not that connection, they take the smartphone,  the iPad, or the laptop anyway? Of course, we know we all do that.   After all, we have been trained to respond to the buzzing, beeping,  and the ringing of our device, and so eventually, what happens is we  give up and we start wandering around, searching for a signal, and then  declaring to all of the very unimpressed locals: Well, I don't see how  y'all do it without being able to have access to high-speed Internet.  How can you survive without broadband?   Well, to my colleagues, let me say this: They do it because they do  not have a choice. You know, these days, encountering so much as a  spotty cell signal causes concern for those of us who are accustomed to  high-speed Internet and broadband connectivity, but I will tell you  there are millions of Americans out there for whom a broadband  connection or even the pop and hiss of a dialup connection is  completely out of reach.   In a world where even simple online interactions require lightning  fast connections, economies in rural America are falling behind. We  read every day about entire industries setting up shop in budding  metropolises like Nashville, TN, but to many, corporate America's  glowing new hubs sound like remote outposts compared to the familiar  crush that is here on the eastern seaboard.   Our perspective is skewed. Even so, businesses move inward because  they see potential for growth with minimal risk, but there is only so  far that they can push it. Rural communities do not have much to offer  in terms of operational support or a reliable customer base, and most  of them lack a crucial resource: the funding and infrastructure to back  reliable broadband services.   It is true, ``the cloud'' needs a physical connection to Planet  Earth, and broadband networks rely on physical ``Internet Exchange''  points. Without these hubs, subscribers of different Internet providers  cannot communicate with one another.   While many businesses are certainly capable of fronting the costs  associated with building the actual exchange points and running  connections to other hubs, there is no incentive for them to gamble on  a stagnant economy, so they go elsewhere, and local businesses go  nowhere, unable to expand into the global online marketplace.   And just to think, a decade ago, we wasted an opportunity to bridge  the digital divide, to even close the digital divide. Back in 2009,  during the stimulus days, President Obama signed an economic recovery  package that included 7.2 billion, $7.2 billion to expand broadband  services in underserved areas.   Well, predictably, those dollars began to flow into urban and  suburban areas, leaving rural communities stranded on the far side of a  gulf that Washington had ended up widening. Mistakes were made, but it  would be an even bigger mistake to make rural residents suffer through  it.   This year, I introduced the bipartisan Internet Exchange Act in an  effort to get the Senate talking about broadband accessibility. When  passed, the bill will offset the start-up cost of establishing  broadband connections via a series of grants reserved exclusively for  unserved rural areas. That is unserved rural areas, those that have  been left out, those that did not benefit  [[Page S6705]]  from the $7.2 billion that President Obama put in the stimulus for  broadband expansion.   They did not get any of that money. They got left further behind and  pushed further out of the economic mainstream for the 21st century. As  with any program, infrastructure alone is no guarantee of success, but  the presence of new and expanded Internet exchange facilities will  create a stronger and more competitive web. More hubs will enable  faster data transmissions, allowing local businesses to expand and, in  rural communities, e-commerce to flourish   Farmers, manufacturers, miners, will gain access to state-of-the-art  technologies that support safer and more productive operations. Medical  practitioners will be able to care for neglected populations via  telemedicine. Schools and libraries will have advanced tools at their  fingertips and open the world to their students. The local law  enforcement will add an important tool in their ``public safety  toolbox.'' Businesses looking to lay down roots will notice that rural  communities are investing in themselves and, hopefully, make the  decision to bring jobs and business opportunities to local workers and  to rural America.   But perhaps, most importantly, rural residents and their guests will  be able to decide for themselves whether they want to connect or  unplug, and they will be able to do it on their own terms.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   