 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge passage of H.R. 639,  the National Urban Search and Rescue Response System Task Forces Act.   I want to thank the gentleman from the North Carolina (Mr. Meadows)  and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Mrs. Craig) for their kind remarks  about this bill and their support.   I also want to thank Chairman DeFazio and Ranking Member Graves for  bringing the bill to the floor today, as well as my colleagues Gerry  Connolly and Blaine Luetkemeyer for cosponsoring this legislation and  the International Association of Fire Chiefs for endorsing the bill.   My bill, as has been said, is a commonsense technical correction that  makes clear that Federal employees can serve on FEMA Urban Search and  Rescue teams.   Over the past three decades, FEMA has developed the National Urban  Search and Rescue Response System, which consists of a network of task  force teams of dedicated volunteers who respond quickly when disaster  strikes.   Currently, 28 task force teams across the country utilize their  unique skills and resources of local volunteers to act as a force  multiplier for disaster rescue missions. These teams train constantly  for a variety of situations, including rescuing survivors from  collapsed buildings or giving airlift rescue operations.   They are ready to deploy within hours of being called up in response  to floods or tornadoes, and they can be pre-positioned in advance of  covering disasters, such as hurricanes.   I am proud to represent Missouri Task Force 1, based out of Columbia,  Missouri. In September, they received a call to deploy to North  Carolina to pre-position search and rescue resources for Hurricane  Florence.   As the team prepared to deploy, one of their members, who had spent  years training and working as a dog handler on the team, was forced to  stay home not because of a physical inability or family conflict, but  because he works out of a regional office for a Federal agency as his  normal day job. Due to a new interpretation of Federal statute, a  willing, able, and trained volunteer who could have helped save lives  was forced to stay home.   Unfortunately, FEMA has interpreted the National Urban Search and  Rescue Response System Act of 2016 to mean that Federal employees are  not allowed to serve on Federal task forces, despite the fact that they  did for years.   This goes against congressional intent. The 2016 legislation codified  non-Federal employee benefits and liability protections, but failed to  specifically list Federal employees. This was not intended to mean that  FEMA should preclude Federal employees from participation.   Since passage, FEMA has issued mixed guidance on several occasions on  whether Federal employees can serve, and this has created confusion and  frustration for our dedicated search and rescue volunteers.   My legislation is a commonsense solution to resolve this problem by  simply clarifying that Federal employees can serve on these vital task  forces. Congress must resolve this issue swiftly so our dedicated  volunteers can respond at full strength when the next disaster strikes.   So once again, I want to thank my colleagues who have spoken in  support of this, for those who have cosponsored it, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 639.   