 Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, the underlying bill, H.R. 1112, is a  critical and carefully crafted bill to address the Charleston loophole.   We have discussed it here today, but I will repeat, the very name  ``Charleston loophole'' is a grim reminder of the deficiency in current  law that allows killers to get guns even if a firearms background check  has not been completed. This is a dangerous flaw that we can address  with a minor change to the system.   When a background check cannot be completed within a 3-day period, it  is important that the FBI work to resolve the unanswered questions  presented, because these are the very cases that present the most  danger.   Unfortunately, we have seen many default proceeds go forward in  domestic violence cases, allowing an abuser to obtain a firearm even  when he or she is prohibited from owning one. The statistics back that  up.   In 2013 and 2014, a plurality of default proceed transfers to  prohibit a person were related to domestic violence. In that same  period, 30 percent of denials due to convictions for misdemeanor  domestic violence were issued after the abuser took possession of the  gun.   My heart goes out to my colleague, Mrs. Lesko, because she should  never have suffered from domestic violence. Unfortunately, we are  colleagues that both know it.   I have spent more time thinking about how you keep guns out of the  hands of abusers, probably, than anybody in this Chamber. I know better  than most the dangers they pose.   It is not easy for me to talk about it this week, but more than  once--and I think of the abuser. I will be honest on this floor. My  father was mentally ill. I had to hide in that closet with my siblings  wondering if we would live or die. One night, I kept my father from  killing my mother. He shouldn't have had a gun.   This is what I remember as a child. My mother went out and bought a  gun, and then all of us were scared to death about her gun and my  father's gun. We had two guns to worry about.   No child, no woman, no man should ever have to go through that.    The additional time provided by H.R. 1112 will help us stop more  massacres such as the one in Charleston, and may it prevent another  child or family going through what I did as a child.   These amendments made by this motion would undermine the lifesaving  improvements to current law that this bill will initiate. I oppose this  motion with every bit of my heart and soul and urge my colleagues to do  the same.   Madam Speaker, I yield my remaining time to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), the distinguished whip.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   