 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, and I ask  for its consideration.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself 4 minutes, and I rise in  support of my amendment.   Innovation drives the energy industry, and it is important that we  continue to follow a technology-neutral approach that allows the best  science to flourish and the best technologies to emerge.   When it comes to energy innovation, my home in Houston is its home.  Houston, long known as the energy capital of the world, is the  epicenter of our modern energy renaissance. Home to virtually every  segment of the energy industry, including exploration, production,  transmission, marketing, supply, and technology, we see opportunities  for innovation in all sectors of the energy industry.   Over the last decade in particular, energy technology has enabled us  to recover resources in new areas and new ways. Advances in technology  that have transformed our energy economy have substantially reduced  U.S. carbon emissions.   Replacing coal-fired plants with natural gas plants has led to the  greatest reduction in carbon emissions in the last 30 years, and we are  leading the way on new technologies critical to reaching our emissions  reduction goals and combating climate change, like carbon capture  technologies. Two plants are near my district in Houston.   We believe in an all-of-the-above approach to energy sources that  reduces costs as well as emissions, and we see that in Texas'  investment in wind energy.   In Texas, we have installed more wind power generation than any  State, three times as much as the next leading State.   Houston is home to more than 100 solar-related companies.   These statistics may surprise some, but they should not because  energy companies, whether renewable or hydrocarbon-based, are really  technology companies that apply their technology to energy.   My amendment ensures that nothing in this act will favor one fuel  source or one technology over another.   Climate change is a global threat. We need the input of a diverse and  broad coalition of stakeholders that have the energy expertise we need  to chart our path forward, and we need to encourage innovation and  technology in every area.   Mr. Chair, it is for these reasons that I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Engel).    Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   