 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Woodall), for his tremendous service and for yielding  to me this time to talk about this very pressing and important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to defeat the  previous question so that the House of Representatives can finally  debate and vote on the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act.   While my colleagues on the other side of the aisle play partisan  games on border security and impeachment, critical programs authorizing  the testing of DNA evidence across the country are set to expire in  just 4 days, on September 30.   Along with my colleague Carolyn Maloney, I introduced and am the lead  Republican sponsor on the Debbie Smith Act, with the support of the  Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network.   Debbie Smith programs provide funding to crime labs to process DNA  evidence and strengthen the national DNA database that provides justice  to victims.   The legislation requires that States like mine, Missouri, create  plans for the reduction of backlogs and the testing of rape kits and  other DNA evidence.   Since this program was created on a bipartisan basis, nearly 200,000  DNA matches have been made in criminal cases, since 2005, providing  justice to the victims in cases that may otherwise have gone unsolved.  The number of DNA samples collected is skyrocketing, sadly, and we need  the Debbie Smith programs now more than ever.   The Senate has already unanimously sent their version of the  legislation over to the House, but House leadership continues to refuse  to bring it to the floor. This, Mr. Speaker, is unconscionable.   Every Member of the House Republican Conference is demanding that we  bring the Debbie Smith Act to the floor, but our pleas for justice for  victims of sexual violence are being ignored.   Mr. Speaker, I beg of my colleagues to please join me in defeating  the previous question and urge House leadership to put politics aside  and reauthorize these critical programs to convict dangerous predators  and help end sexual violence in our country.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 820 to  bring justice to victims of sexual assault, the Debbie Smith  Reauthorization Act, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.    Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, this has not been consistently. This is the  first time this has been UCed.   I understand the guidelines just cited, Mr. Speaker; however, seeing  no objection from leadership or committee members on either side of the  aisle, does that constitute clearance and allow the Chair to entertain  my motion under the rules of the House?    Mr. Speaker, I have a further parliamentary inquiry.    Again, seeing no objection on either side of the aisle,  and since this is dealing with grants for DNA testing and rape kits,  can the Chair advise what is required pursuant to section 956 of the  House rules to allow my motion to be considered to protect victims of  sexual assault.    Mr. Speaker, I urge that the Speaker and the majority  leader schedule the bill on the floor immediately to protect victims of  sexual assault.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my very dear friend and colleague,  Cathy McMorris Rodgers from the great State of Washington, for leading  our delegation, for putting this Special Order together this evening,  and for including all of us--Dr. Phil Roe from Tennessee, my good  friend Bradley Byrne from Alabama, and there have been others--who have  made this journey with the U.S. Israel Education Association from both  the Senate and the U.S. House.   It is just so marvelous to stand in support of the U.S.-Israel  relationship, a decades-long partnership that underpins security in the  Middle East and promotes democratic flourishing throughout the entire  region at a time, sadly, of heightened anti-Semitism that we are seeing  across the globe. It is more important than ever that we maintain this  strong connection to this very, very key ally of ours in Israel.   Israel is deeply invested in achieving peace in the Middle East, and  so is the United States of America. We will always, all of us, stand  collectively with Israel as they work toward the achievement of this  goal.   As my good friend Bradley Byrne from the great State of Alabama  expressed, in August, we traveled as a delegation and had the  opportunity to go to Israel with the U.S. Israel Education Association  and my colleagues. We saw firsthand Israelis and Palestinians working  together to promote peace and harmony.   We visited the capital of Samaria, which Bradley Byrne talked about,  which was Ariel, a town where we saw Palestinians and Israelis working  together in a true, integrated business fashion. We spoke to both Jews  and Arabs who yearn for peace and prosperity for the region.   We explored an industrial park that has upwards of 200 businesses  where Palestinians were, indeed, working alongside Israelis. We spoke  with those employees. Many of the Palestinians told us that they were  making somewhere between three and four times what they would otherwise  earn if they didn't have this opportunity to have the integrated  business that we saw going on in Ariel.   To provide for their families, and live in peace and harmony, they  were standing up to what I would call strong, divisive forces that seek  to vilify Israel and undermine its credibility as a force for peace.   Yet, it is clear that both sides want to find a solution to the  bloodshed and to the hate. People-to-people connections--and my friend  Congressman Byrne said it so clearly and eloquently--between the  Israelis and Palestinians are building blocks of the entire peace  process. I am confident that both communities are working together to  improve a mutual understanding and expand economic prospects for all  citizens.   We did so many things in the area of defense, our common defense with  Israel, getting to see some of the amazing work that the Israeli  defense organization, working in conjunction with the United States of  America, was able to do, especially when it came to the Arrow-3 test  that we saw, which was just so fantastic. It just happened this last  July. That would take out a long-range ballistic missile and keep us  all safe.   We also got to meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu. We had a long  discussion about the West Bank and about the time that we spent there  inside the West Bank, watching Israelis and Palestinians working  together in this integrated fashion. I asked the Prime Minister: Wow,  so many of the myths have been debunked. I want to go back with this  information, talk to my colleagues, and talk to my constituents. What  should we say?   The Prime Minister said: Tell their truth.   I will also say this: With Iran working to destabilize the region and  threaten Israel through dangerous terrorist proxies that we have seen  in Hezbollah and Hamas, it is essential that we stand together with our  ally. I am committed, and I know that we all are, to protecting our  critical relationship and strengthening the ties between the United  States and Israel.   I also find it especially concerning that anti-Israeli actors are  seeking to delegitimize and isolate the State of Israel through the  Boycott Divestment and Sanctions, or BDS. I was very proud to introduce  legislation, H. Res. 246, with Representatives Schneider, Zeldin, and  Nadler, a true bipartisan effort that expresses Congress' strong  support for Israel and condemns the BDS movement.   I am happy to say that H. Res. 246 has been agreed to in the House  with a vote of 398 in support. I hope this sends a clear message of  support to the people of Israel and also to those who would maybe seek  to undermine it.   We, in Congress, stand with Israel. We will continue to work to  strengthen and deepen ties between our nations.   I am just so pleased that I had this incredible opportunity to see  business, peace, prosperity, hope, and real people who found their  humanity and want to live together in peace and harmony. To be with  these good people and to be on this journey that was one of policy, one  of defense, it was also a spiritual journey that I think lifted us all  up, heartened us, and strengthened us.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington State, my dear  friend, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, for leading us in this journey and for  her continued leadership in the work that we are going to do to promote  integrated business.   I look forward to her comments and those of Dr. Phil Roe. I am so  grateful to USIEA for this tremendous opportunity.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Speaker, we hope that he would be coming along with  the Judea and Samaria Chamber of Commerce to the United States to also  tell their story to Congress and to our other colleagues. Mr. Jabari  welcomed us into his home, and we can't wait to welcome the sheikh here  to tell this great story of partnership and integrated business and  working together.    Mr. Speaker, ``tell their truth'' is what the Prime  Minister said. That is so important. We look forward to it.    Mr. Speaker, if I could add one thing while we are  having this colloquy in this terrific Special Order, we were all  grateful for the opportunity that USIEA gave us.   I want to thank--I think we all want to thank--Heather Johnston for  her leadership. Thanks to General Krulak for his leadership and their  entire team that made this experience possible, that has worked so  diligently and so fervently to bring peace to Israel, to put forward  the peace process through things like integrated business, to recognize  the strong defense ally and partnership that we have with Israel, and  that some $3.3 million of U.S. taxpayer funds that we share jointly  with Israel in order to lift up their defense system so that we are all  safe in this world and, certainly, in this delicate part of the Middle  East.   So I want to thank those leaders of USIEA and, again, the gentlewoman  from Washington for bringing us on this tremendous journey. We hope to  share it with many others.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Mr. Speaker, the economic summit that was pulled  together where so many Arabs came and participated was all a lead-up to  a peace process and the kind of work that we are seeing that is  happening in the West Bank. We hope that it will continue to flourish.  The peace process is something that I know that Jared Kushner, our  White House, USIEA, the Israeli Government, the Palestinians, and  others are working on. It is something that I think will be the basis  and the underpinning of the peace process.   As we have all expressed, we see people find the humanity, find that  all they want is what we all want: to be safe and secure, to take care  of our families, to give back to society, to be productive, to be able  to worship in the fashion that we choose, and to have some freedom.  That is what we hope for Israel long-term.   It was just wonderful to be a part of this journey. I look forward to  the future, what this administration is going to bring to the table,  and to those who will be coming to, I hope, educate our colleagues on  the important work that is being done.    A first. A promise that was made and kept, finally, by  an American President, President Trump. It is great.    Tens of thousands. It was amazing.    As I said, Mr. Speaker, I just thank the gentlewoman  from Washington so much for her leadership and that of the USIEA. To go  on this journey is wonderful, and we look forward to the future.   