 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues; and to all who are  listening, my entire life, I had John Dingell's name as Congressman  John Dingell in my atmosphere, growing up in Detroit, knowing about his  work and his tireless defending of people.   John Dingell served in Congress with dedication and an earnest sense  of duty to his constituents, to his country, and to his solemn oath of  office. As a Michigander, support of the auto industry was a high  priority of his. From steering the original Corporate Average Fuel  Economy Act in 1975 to his efforts on the Energy and Commerce  Committee, John Dingell helped to build a legacy of laws in strong  support of Michigan's manufacturing workforce and the American auto  industry--a champion for the auto industry, a champion for our veterans  and for what our government can do when we truly work together for the  people.   He was a man of many accomplishments on and off the Hill. And while  many may forget the thousands of votes that he voted throughout his  career, many may lose track of the legislation he promoted in support  of the American people, but as we heard from so many colleagues, staff,  family, and friends, people never forget an uplifting voice in a time  of need or a simple act of kindness that brightens up their day.   There are many times that people forget, but they often never forget  how you made them feel. John Dingell was well known for his sense of  humor, friendly spirit, and how he treated everyone with dignity and  respect. His is a legacy that we all can only hope to achieve.   John Dingell is and always will be a shining star for the State of  Michigan, a north star of direction for us as Members of Congress, and  a superstar to all his family--his wife and my colleague, Debbie  Dingell--and all of his friends. His life, his legacy, an example of  true patriotism, will never fade. John Dingell will never be forgotten.   John Dingell showed this country--while so many say this House  doesn't work or there is not a sense of respect for our government,  this is a time, as we reflect on his life, to understand that this  government is important--that the things we do every day matter to  people, and that if we do our job, do it together, we will be  contributors to why this is such a great country.   