 Mr. Speaker, more than 200 years ago, the delegates of  the Constitutional Convention gathered in Philadelphia to help chart a  path forward for the newly independent United States of America.   After deliberation, the Framers established a system of government  with three equal branches, the legislative, executive, and judiciary,  along with a system of checks and balances to ensure no single branch  had too much power. After years of control by a foreign power, our  Framers understood the importance of self-governance and ensuring no  monarch could once again rule over our country.   Now, more than 200 years since the ratification of our Constitution,  our democracy faces a constitutional crisis that the Framers never  could have imagined. The office of the President of the United States,  the most powerful position in the world, yields immense influence with  the expectation to use that power in a principled manner.   However, that principled approach has since vanished as self-interest  has consumed the Oval Office. In the pursuit of that self-interest,  this President has compromised our national security by withholding  critical military assistance to Ukraine, military assistance approved  by the Congress, the legislative branch, to provide assistance to  preserve their sovereignty and counter Russian aggression.   That same system of checks and balances described in the Constitution  over 200 years ago is now under attack. The President, as well as the  Members of Congress, take an oath of office when stepping into this  amazing place of our Republic to be leaders in our country, to protect,  to preserve, and defend the Constitution of the United States as long  as we hold this office. As part of that oath, it is my constitutional  duty to protect the Constitution from all threats, even within our own  government.   This June, I announced my support for the House of Representatives to  begin an impeachment inquiry. In the 6 months since then, with new  details revealed weekly and daily, my support for the House impeachment  inquiry has never been stronger. This President has jeopardized our  national security to affect an election; no one is above the law, not  even the President.   On Tuesday, The House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence  [[Page H9262]]  voted to approve a comprehensive report outlining actions regarding  Ukraine and the obstruction of justice. For 2 weeks last month, the  American people heard various witnesses share their account of the  President and the things that were happening in our government.   As an African American I stand here today, Mr. Speaker, and I am very  sensitive to any action to oppress my right to vote. My history as an  African American in this country causes me to be very alert.  Furthermore, the report details a concerted effort by the White House  to defy authorized congressional subpoenas for documents, a right the  Supreme Court has affirmed Congress possesses.   During the Constitutional Convention, it was noted that Madison rose  and asked his colleagues two questions: ``Shall any man be above  justice? Shall that man be above it who can commit the most extensive  injustice?''   With great power comes great responsibility. That responsibility has  been ignored, and it has been demonstrated in the office of our  President that his only interest is his self-interest and not that  which is the best interest of the American people.   Mr. Speaker, Congress will be tasked with making a decision that will  likely alter the course of history. However, taking the evidence into  account, this is not a difficult decision. When history looks back, I  will be one of the Members of Congress who kept my oath, who served and  voted to protect, preserve, and defend the Constitution of the United  States.   