 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, since President Trump was sworn in, he  has made it his mission to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Last  Congress, time and again, we saw the House and Senate majorities try-- and fail--to repeal the law of the land, the Affordable Care Act.   After their attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act failed in the  Senate, the Trump administration made it abundantly clear that they  would do everything possible to sabotage the act through regulations  and administrative action. Through this sabotage, the administration  has undermined the critical protections healthcare provides for people  with preexisting conditions.   I just want to reiterate my support for the Congressional Review Act  disapproval resolution that I worked on with Senator Warner, and I  congratulate him for his leadership. What that resolution points out is  that preexisting conditions and short-term insurance plans, also known  as junk plans, are inconsistent. I am proud to support the disapproval  resolution that we will vote on this week that would reverse this  administration's so-called 1332 waiver rules.   Those rules allow for the use of taxpayer dollars to subsidize junk  insurance plans. These waiver rules are part of the Trump  administration's ongoing attempt to make an end run around Congress and  dismantle the Affordable Care Act through the regulatory process.   I think it is important to understand the shortcomings of these junk  plans that the administration is promoting. These plans are allowed to  deny coverage to someone who has a preexisting condition. They also  allow insurance companies to charge higher premiums if somebody has a  preexisting condition. They are not required to cover the Affordable  Care Act's essential benefits, such as maternity care, substance use  disorder treatment, or prescription drugs. In New Hampshire, where we  have a real challenge with the opioid epidemic, without coverage for  substance use disorders, we have thousands of people who would not be  able to get treatment for their substance use disorders.   These plans are allowed to place arbitrary limits on the dollar value  of services that will be covered annually, and they also don't have to  comply with the Affordable Care Act's caps on how much insurers can  require that patients pay out of pocket. In short, these junk plan  policies are often not worth the paper they are written on, but for  some reason, these are plans that are favored by this administration.   The administration's 1332 waiver rules effectively rewrite the law to  allow the Affordable Care Act premium tax credits to be used to  purchase junk plan coverage. So rather than help subsidize  comprehensive healthcare coverage as was intended in the act--coverage  that will actually allow people to get the healthcare services they  need--what the Trump administration waiver does is have those taxpayer  subsidies cover junk plans that generally do not provide the care that  people need.   Allowing taxpayer dollars to subsidize junk plan coverage is not only  dangerous for consumers, who can be duped into purchasing junk plans,  but it also poses a threat to the stability of the insurance market. By  aggressively pushing enrollment in junk plans, this administration is  seeking to split the insurance market into two: one market for younger  and healthier individuals and a second, much more expensive market for  older individuals and people with chronic health conditions. This is  not the outcome that people in New Hampshire and patients across this  country want or deserve.   That is why I intend to vote in favor of the Congressional Review Act  resolution, which will overturn these rules that are sabotaging the  Affordable Care Act.   Unfortunately, the waiver rules are not the only grave threat that  this administration is posing to access to healthcare coverage and  protections for people with preexisting conditions. In addition to the  sabotage of the ACA that is going on, the Department of Justice--our  Nation's highest law enforcement authority--continues to refuse to  defend the law of the land, the Affordable Care Act, in Federal court.  Instead, the Justice Department has argued that the Affordable Care Act  should be struck down, resulting in the loss of coverage for millions  of Americans. The estimate is that if the Affordable Care Act is struck  down, 20 million Americans will lose their healthcare.   In New Hampshire, approximately 90,000 Granite Staters have obtained  health insurance coverage through either the Affordable Care Act or  Medicaid expansion. Across the country, more than 17 million Medicaid  expansion enrollees and 11 million people in the marketplace health  plan depend on the ACA for their coverage. So these families can see  their coverage ripped away if the Department of Justice gets its way in  the courtroom.   If the Department is victorious in its litigation, they will also  take away the best tool we have for combating the opioid epidemic--the  Medicaid expansion. In New Hampshire, more than 11,000 people have  substance use treatment thanks to Medicaid expansion. Access to those  services will be gone without the Affordable Care Act. At a time when  so many families are struggling with sky-high prescription drug prices,  a victory by the Department of Justice in this case would increase  prescription drug costs for Granite State seniors, who currently save  an average of $1,100 a year thanks to the ACA's Medicare Part D drug  discount program.   That is not all. If the courts strike down the Affordable Care Act,  insurers would once again be able to exclude coverage for prescription  drugs, and the FDA's approval pathway for less expensive biosimilar  medication would be invalidated.   I have been watching these ads on behalf of President Trump and the  administration that talk about his commitment to lowering prescription  drug prices and the importance of the pathway for biosimilar  medications that are basically generic drugs for biologics. Yet this  pathway to approve those less costly biosimilar medications would be  invalidated if the Affordable Care Act gets struck down.   The stakes are really just too high for us to continue the partisan  bickering around the Affordable Care Act. We should be coming together  to tell the Justice Department to defend the law of the land. That is  why I filed an amendment to the Commerce, Justice, Science  appropriations bill that would prohibit the Justice Department from  using Federal funds to argue against the Affordable Care Act in court.  That is why we need to support the Congressional Review Act vote that  we will have this week, which would ensure that people with preexisting  conditions are not going to be cut off of their health insurance when  they are tricked into buying junk plans through this administration's  deceptive advertising.  [[Page S6234]]    This Friday is the start of the 2020 open enrollment season for the  Health Insurance Marketplace coverage under the Affordable Care Act. At  this important juncture, we should be sending a very clear message that  the Department of Justice should defend the law of the land and that  the administration's promotion of junk plans should not continue. If we  fail to do so, we are going to be endangering vital access to care for  millions--tens of millions--of Americans.   I yield the floor.   