 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon with  a number of my colleagues because we are very concerned about the lack  of legislating that is happening here in the Senate, particularly on  the issue of climate change.   As this poster shows, it has been 76 days since the House passed H.R.  9, which is the Climate Action Now Act. It is legislation that would  prevent the President from using funds to withdraw the United States  from the Paris climate agreement. We also have a Senate proposal, which  is bipartisan legislation that I have sponsored, called the  International Climate Accountability Act. It has been cosponsored by 46  Senators. Yet the majority leader has refused to bring these bills to  the floor for a debate.   It didn't used to be this way. Even in my time in the Senate, it  didn't used to be this way. The Senate used to take up important  issues, put them on the floor for substantive debate, and at the end of  the day, work to pass legislation to improve the lives of Americans.  Sadly, what we see now is that the Senate is turning into a legislative  graveyard. Unfortunately, the International Climate Accountability Act  is one of several proposals that the majority leader wishes to bury.  Yet, without a doubt, climate change is the greatest environmental  challenge the world has ever faced.   At the end of last year, the U.S. Global Change Research Program  released its ``Fourth National Climate Assessment.'' This report makes  it abundantly clear that every American is affected by climate change  and that the threat it poses will get worse over time unless we take  action.   I want to be clear that climate change is not just an environmental  issue; it affects our public health, and it affects our economy. In New  Hampshire, we understand this all too well. Rising temperatures are  shortening our fall foliage season. They are disrupting maple syrup  production. They are affecting our ski industry and snowmobiling  industry. We are seeing stresses on our fisheries. Our trout is moving  farther north in streams. We see an increase in insect-borne diseases.  Lyme disease is on the rise in New Hampshire and throughout New  England. Our moose population is down 40 percent, and other wildlife is  being affected. All of these changes are tied to the effects of climate  change.   A few months ago, I met with members of the New England Water  Environment Association to discuss the enormous effect climate change  is having on our water infrastructure. Rising temperatures and  increased rainfall brought on by climate change make flooding more  frequent and rainstorms  [[Page S4897]]  more intense. We are seeing that now on our gulf coast, where we have  seen 20 inches of rain in parts of Louisiana.   Americans are witnessing this firsthand across the country with the  historic flooding and with the tornadoes that have swept across the  South and the Midwest. These extreme weather events not only endanger  families and homes and businesses, but they increase the strain on our  Nation's overburdened water systems. They take water treatment plants  offline. This means debris is discharged into our rivers and streams,  which affects our water quality.    These extreme weather events are particularly dangerous for coastal  communities. I see my colleague from Maine is here, Senator King. They  face this in Maine with its long coastline. In New Hampshire, we have  18 miles of coastline, but we still see it at our coastline.   Accelerated sea level rise, which is primarily driven by climate  change, is worsening tidal flooding conditions and imperiling coastal  homes and businesses.   According to a 2018 study from the Union of Concerned Scientists,  projected tidal flooding in the United States will put as many as  311,000 coastal homes that are collectively valued at $117 billion at  risk of chronic flooding within the next 30 years. That is the lifespan  of a typical mortgage. By the end of the century, the report estimates  that 2.4 million homes and 107,000 commercial properties that are  currently worth more than $1 trillion will be at risk for chronic  flooding. This includes properties in towns like Hampton Beach, which  is located in New Hampshire's Seacoast Region.   For those who haven't had a chance to visit Hampton Beach, it is  beautiful. It is a perfect vacation destination. It is a barrier island  town with the Hampton River on one side of the city and the ocean on  the other. Unfortunately, this makes Hampton Beach one of the State's  most at-risk towns from rising sea levels.   In this photograph, we can see the impact of rising sea levels. This  was taken in November of 2017. We see what is happening. All of these  homes should not be underwater here. Yet that is what we are seeing.   A 2019 report from Columbia University and the First Street  Foundation found that Hampton Beach lost $7.9 million in home value due  to tidal flooding between 2005 and 2017. In total, increased tidal  flooding has cost New Hampshire homeowners $15 million in lost property  value. This is just in recent years, and the problem is only going to  get worse.   The impact of climate change will get worse if we don't act now to  reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions. I am proud that in New  Hampshire, we understand the need for climate action. We have  implemented policies that reduce carbon emissions, that help us  transition to a more energy-efficient, clean economy, but New Hampshire  can't do this alone, and the United States can't do this alone.  International cooperation is key to reducing global greenhouse gas  emissions. That is why the Paris Agreement is so critical in mitigating  the worst effects of climate change.   With a delegation from the Senate, I had the opportunity to attend  the 2015 U.N. climate summit, and we participated in discussions that  led to the Paris climate accord. During the summit, we were impressed  by the leadership and the determination that was shown by the United  States to encourage other nations to reach ambitious emissions  reduction goals. Unfortunately, when President Trump announced his  intention to withdraw from the Paris Agreement, the United States  forfeited this leadership to other countries.   In the absence of leadership from the White House, the majority  leader should allow the Senate to consider the International Climate  Accountability Act, which would keep the United States in the Paris  Agreement. Let's take up the bill that has been sent over by the House.  Let's take up the Senate bill. Let's bring this bill to the floor, and  let's have a debate. If people don't support it, they can debate it,  but we should be talking about this. The threat to New Hampshire and to  this country is in doubt, and until we act, it is only going to get  worse.   We have a number of our colleagues who would like to come to the  floor and speak to this issue, and I am pleased that Senator King from  Maine, my colleague, is here to talk about these impacts.   Yet, before my colleagues speak, I ask unanimous consent to show a  banner that was delivered to my office by the Moms Clean Air Force.    Let me just show everyone this. This was made by the  mothers who came to our office. What they have written is: ``Please  protect the families of New Hampshire from air pollution and climate  change. Moms Clean Air Force.'' You are able to see all of the folks  who were with the delegation and who visited my office to sign this  because everyone is concerned about what the impact is going to be on  their families and on their communities if we don't address climate  change.   I yield the floor.   