 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in opposition to S.J.  Res. 36. This legislation is bad policy and it sets a bad precedent.   Today, Congress is attempting to block legal U.S. arms sales to  strategic partners who face increased threats from Iran and terrorist  proxies.   The administration is ensuring that our allies in the Middle East  have the capabilities to defend themselves and protect the hundreds of  thousands of Americans who live and work in the Gulf states. These  allies depend on military equipment from the U.S. to hold the line  against Iran, al-Qaida, ISIS, and other threats. If we don't supply it,  they will buy it elsewhere.   Russian arms dealers are already seeking to exploit the reluctance.  At this point in history, we need to do what we can to decrease Iran's  influence in the region.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against the resolution.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose the resolution  before us.   Knowing who is in our country should not be controversial. Let me  repeat that: Knowing who is in our country should not be controversial.   Although my colleagues across the aisle have blurred fact and fiction  on this issue, the truth is, asking a citizenship question is standard  operating procedure. It is currently asked on censuses throughout the  world, in Australia, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Mexico, the U.K., and  many others. The United Nations even recommends asking the citizenship  question as a census best practice so countries can gather accurate  information about their citizens.   It is not a new idea in the U.S. either. We first asked the  citizenship question on the Census in 1820 and continued the practice  for the next 130 years. It is still asked every year on the American  Community Survey. The information collected is protected by Federal  law, and our Justice Department uses the information to enforce the  Voting Rights Act.   We still ask the citizenship question on I-9 employment eligibility  forms.   Right here in the District of Columbia, a citizenship question is  asked on driver's license applications. They do the same in Wisconsin.   In California, anyone who applies for a firearm license has to answer  a citizenship question. In Ohio, concealed-carry applicants must verify  if they are citizens or not.   These States believe it is fine to ask this question to obtain a  firearm or driver's license, but it is not okay to ask on the Census?   For anyone to claim that this is a hot-button issue, I just don't buy  it. It seems a little bit more like hot air.   I am glad that President Trump is working across Federal agencies to  ensure that we can get this crucial information.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution so that we can get  back to actual work.   