 Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you to  the gentleman from Colorado for bringing us all together tonight for  National Bible Week.   Over the weekend, I finished reading through the Bible in a year, and  I can testify that it has been the best year of my life in giving me  perspective and quiet confidence for every day, reminding me to lead  with love.   The Bible says to love your enemies and pray for those who persecute  you. The Word of God is the source of love, joy, peace, patience,  kindness, goodness, and self-control. Everything that we long for in  life is found in the Word of God, the Bible.   So why haven't I been more faithful to read the Bible every day  earlier in my life? Because, like a lot of people, I didn't always feel  like I had enough time, or I struggled to relate to the language.   Why read the Bible? Why wake up 15 minutes early each day? Why go to  all that trouble? That was my struggle for many, many years.   The Bible says in Psalm 90:12: ``Teach us to number our days, that we  may gain a heart of wisdom.''   Psalm 103 says that ``our days are few and brief, like grass, like  flowers, blown by the wind and gone forever,'' yet the Word of God  endures forever.   It is the Bible that provides us answers to our questions about life  more than any other book, seminar, or self-help program.   The Bible also offers words of encouragement and hope at a time when  despair has come over our country. We have record suicides. A million  people in America attempted suicide last  [[Page H9105]]  year, and 47,000 committed suicide. I grieve this loss.    The deaths of despair are skyrocketing: suicide, drug overdoses,  opioids, alcohol, and drug abuse. People are giving up on life.   The Bible says in Matthew that not a single sparrow can fall to the  ground without your Father knowing it. And the very hairs on your head  are numbered, so don't be afraid, you are more valuable to God.   We need the truth and the wisdom of the Bible. As Proverbs 12:18  says: ``Careless words stab like a sword, but wise words bring  healing.''   As I begin a second year of taking 15 minutes a day to read the Bible  and then pray, I would invite each one of you to join me. Let's do it  together. Let's agree that it cannot be business as usual. Let's see  what God could do on Capitol Hill through Members and staff who daily  walk the Halls of Congress--Democrats and Republicans, House and  Senate, men and women--if we all read through the Bible in 2020.   I am convinced the Democrats can't fix it. The Republicans can't fix  it. Only God can fix it.   My daily prayer is 2 Chronicles 7:14: ``If my people, who are called  by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn  from their wicked ways, then I will hear from Heaven, and I will  forgive their sin and will heal their land.''   Lord God, heal our land. May You bring order out of chaos. Lift the  heaviness of misery and despair and busyness. Remind us that You are  with us in everything we do.   