 Madam Speaker, I rise also today in support of the FAIR  Act and to bring an end to the secret arbitration process that silences  victims of harassment and discrimination. This is a fight that we have  been waging for years now. It is about doing the right thing and giving  a voice to women like Jasmine Edwards.   Jasmine is an African American woman who was a comanager of a Guess  retail store. When she began there, she came to the store with 15 years  of retail experience and was promised that she would be promoted to  manager shortly, but then the harassment started.   Her boss instructed the women at the store to ``dress sexier.'' He  regularly made racist and sexist comments about employees and about  customers. He would stare at female customers and then share his  observations with Jasmine. He would continuously make offensive remarks  about African Americans and would claim they would be more likely to  steal from the store, and he even segregated employees by shift. His  behavior was so concerning that even the customers noticed this and  began complaining about him.   Jasmine voiced her concerns about her manager's behavior, but rather  than taking her seriously, she was retaliated against and she was  accused of theft. There was no investigation of those claims against  her. She was bullied. Eventually the stress was too much to handle, and  so Jasmine had to resign.   But she wasn't done fighting. She found an attorney and she filed a  complaint in court. But this clothing company--again, Guess retailer-- now says the case must be sent to arbitration. Why? Because on one of  her first days at the retailer, the company says that Jasmine agreed to  arbitrate any disputes.   Of course, the arbitration agreement requires her to stay silent  about what happened; and, under the arbitration agreement, it is the  company-funded arbitrator who gets to decide what type of evidence  there would be.   I would ask anybody here: What kind of justice is that?   It will be no surprise to you that Jasmine would rather have an  impartial judge hear her case. Wouldn't we all? But that is not  something she will likely be allowed to get.   That is why we need to pass the FAIR Act now, because we have had  enough. No more looking the other way when powerful men use their  position of authority to victimize women. No more excuses for abusers  just because of their status, their position, or their gender. No more  telling women to stay silent or to get over it.   No more.   