 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  express my deep opposition to the nomination of Mr. William Barr to be  our Nation's next Attorney General.   His nomination comes at a very trying time for our country. As our  own President frequently twists the truth and constantly pushes the  limits of the law, the American people deserve to know that the  Attorney General--the top law enforcement officer in the country--is  committed, above all else, to seeking truth, defending their civil and  constitutional rights, administering justice on their behalf, and  safeguarding our country against threats to our democracy.   I wish Mr. Barr were the person who could right the ship and stand up  for the American people no matter what. I wish he were the person who  could help guide our country through this critical juncture when  questions about illegal payments involving both the Trump campaign and  the Trump inaugural committee and Russia's interference in our  elections and its attempts to influence millions of our friends and  families must be fully explained to the public.   We know this is an administration that finds it so difficult to  follow the law that it is being investigated in multiple jurisdictions  at the Federal level--all of which would be overseen by Mr. Barr.   Sadly, it has become abundantly clear that Mr. Barr is incapable of  being the impartial Attorney General people in communities across our  country need and deserve and someone who stands up to the President  when he is wrong.   Based on what I have seen over the past 2 years and despite the  critical time we are in, I don't expect many of my Republican  colleagues to join me on the floor today in order to defeat this  nomination. Although people across the country have been raising red  flags on this nomination, my Republican colleagues have been busy  building the glidepath for Mr. Barr's nomination. In fact, just last  week, the majority leader, standing here on the Senate floor, left  little doubt about whether the majority would try to get this  nomination sewn up. The leader referred to Mr. Barr as a ``tried and  true public servant'' and a ``proven professional'' who was applying  for the same job he got in 1991 under President George H. W. Bush. The  job description, the majority leader said, ``remains exactly the same  as it was years ago.'' But that is the problem. Senate Republicans are  still operating as though it is the early 1990s, as if the world around  them has not changed, as if what we have experienced for the past 2  years is normal.   Well, on behalf of the American people, I urge us all to wake up. For  the past 2 years, we have had a President whose only consistent agenda  items are self-preservation and self-dealing, whether that means  flouting the law or disregarding ethics, acting with impunity,  violating norms and destroying relationships with our allies, firing  those who challenge him and bullying those he can't, threatening jail  time for political opponents, or changing Federal policy by tweet and  based on his current mood.   On top of all that, President Trump faces a number of investigations,  including serious questions about whether he has obstructed justice in  order to make the special counsel's investigation into Russia's  meddling in our elections go away. That is the same special counsel  investigation that has already resulted in 34 indictments or guilty  pleas to date. Despite what the President would like us to believe,  that is far from a witch hunt.   When President Trump's first choice to be the next Attorney General  is someone with highly questionable  [[Page S1316]]  views on Executive power, we have to be on alert.   When that nominee, Mr. Barr, can't adequately explain why, out of the  blue--out of the blue--he sent a memo to the White House in order to  criticize the special counsel investigation, absolve the President of  questions about obstruction of justice, and make a case for less  accountability with this President, we ought to be on alert.   When Mr. Barr writes that President Trump has ``complete authority to  start or stop a law enforcement proceeding,'' we ought to be on alert.   Mr. Barr's memo makes no sense unless it was an audition for this  job, and that is absolutely not how any President should select an  Attorney General.   When we know that, if confirmed, Mr. Barr would be in charge of the  special counsel investigation and would decide what, if anything, the  public gets to know about the findings on Russia's 2016 election  meddling, we ought to be on alert.   Someone who has written such an obviously flawed analysis of the  investigation should not be put in charge of overseeing the  investigation. That is just common sense.   People across this country sent us here to Congress not to shield the  President from the law but to help restore integrity and independence  to the Federal Government and to provide a check on the Executive  branch, as outlined in the Constitution. And the idea that any Member  of this Senate would support an Attorney General nominee who has openly  and unequivocally advocated for less accountability when it comes to  President Trump--that is just wrong, and the American people will not  stand for it.   So to any of my colleagues who plan to support this nomination, I  have a message: Seize this opportunity while you can to make it very  clear to Mr. Barr and the Trump administration that you believe the  American people deserve to know for sure that the findings on Russia's  2016 election meddling will be made public in order to get them the  answers they deserve and that any attempt to cover up or hinder or  otherwise muddy the waters around the Mueller investigation would be a  serious disservice to the people we represent and will only lead to the  further erosion of trust in our institution and our ability to work on  their behalf.   The President is not above the law--not in the White House, not in  New York, not anywhere. So Mr. Barr may be the Attorney General this  President wants--someone to shield him from serious questions about  abuse of power, someone who believes the President should be able to do  more or less whatever he or she wants--but Mr. Barr is certainly not,  in my opinion, the Attorney General this country needs, which is  someone who will stand up for the rights of everyone else.   I yield the floor.   