 Mr. President, I want to join my colleagues today and  speak on the importance of passing the fiscal year 2020 Defense  authorization bill.   As others have mentioned, the process of negotiating the national  defense bill is one that has a long history on Capitol Hill. For the  past 58 years, the Congress has found a way to come together and unite  behind a bipartisan bill that supports our servicemembers and enables  the defense of this Nation. We must continue this tradition, and that  means recommitting to the principles of bipartisanship and compromise  upon which it is built.   Thanks in large part to the hard work and the leadership of Chairman  Jim Inhofe and Ranking Member Jack Reed and the members of the Senate  Armed Services Committee, the Senate passed an overwhelmingly  bipartisan version of this year's National Defense Authorization Act.  The House of Representatives, however, passed a very different bill.  The conference process is ultimately about finding the best solution  that supports our men and women in uniform, but we have to be willing  to compromise and find consensus. We cannot resort to political  brinksmanship.   As the chairman said last week and as some of my colleagues have  mentioned here today, we are running out of time. It is essential that  our colleagues in the House come to the table to pass the fiscal year  2020 NDAA.   We live in a rapidly changing world and unfortunately one that  contains a growing number of threats and challenges that our military  must face head-on. These threats demand that we be ready, and our  military can effectively confront those threats only if we provide our  servicemembers with the support they need to execute the missions,  defeat the enemies of freedom, and safeguard the Nation.   Providing for the common defense is the highest responsibility this  body has, and that is why it is so essential that we pass this  legislation in a timely manner.   As I said before, for 58 years the NDAA has been the subject of a  bipartisan consensus in Congress despite all of our other  disagreements. No matter what other issues arise, the one area in which  we must forge agreement is in authorizing the resources our men and  women in uniform need.   Time and again, we have heard from our senior military leaders that  their greatest obstacle is budget uncertainty and unpredictable  funding. If we do not come together and pass this year's NDAA soon, we  are at risk of damaging our military capabilities and jeopardizing our  ability to confront threats from China, Russia, and other malign  actors.   It is essential that we work swiftly to secure an agreement so that  we do not fail to provide the Department of Defense with the  predictable funding they need. We must do our part and honor the  service of all our men and women in uniform by moving this process  forward and passing the fiscal year 2020 National Defense Authorization  Act.   I yield the floor.   