 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Nadler for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, today marks a very pivotal moment in our fight to  prevent gun violence and to ensure the safety of every community across  our Nation.   I thank the more than 230 of my colleagues who have cosponsored H.R.  8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2019. I thank Chairman  Nadler, Speaker Pelosi, Congressman Thompson, and Congressman King for  making gun violence prevention a priority in this Congress. I am so  proud to be an original cosponsor of this historic legislation.   As many of you may know, gun violence is an issue that is deeply  personal for me. Gun violence prevention and a desire to make  meaningful change is the very reason I am here today, in this  legislative body, speaking to every one of you.   In 2012, my son, Jordan Davis, was shot and killed by a man who  opened fire on a car of unarmed teenagers at a gas station in  Jacksonville, Florida. My son was only 17 years of age. Jordan would  have turned 24 this month.   After my son's death, I dedicated my entire life to advocating for  commonsense gun safety solutions, but it was the shooting at Marjory  Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, last year, that  finally motivated me to join this legislative body.    The overwhelming bipartisan support for universal background checks  symbolizes the power of advocacy and the incredible power of the  survivors, family members, and students who have shared their stories  as they advocate for commonsense gun safety solutions and demand that  we act to address gun violence.   Today, we are truly taking this action. H.R. 8 will ensure that  mothers and fathers have one less reason to worry. It will give  students one less thing to fear when they walk into a school. Most  importantly, it will make our communities and our Nation a safer place  to live, and every human being in America deserves such.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 8, the  Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2019. It is time.   