 Mr. President, I rise to address the state of our  military readiness. We live in an uncertain world, one that is perhaps  more unstable than at any time since the end of the Cold War.   As Russia increases its belligerence abroad and China invests  millions in a systemic effort to undermine us, we find ourselves  confronted by strategic competitors in new and in dangerous ways.   For decades, violent extremism was our No. 1 security challenge.  While the threat from global terrorism remains a priority, the United  States and our ideals are now being challenged by nations seeking to  reshape the globe according to their own design. This is a design that  does not include the respect for freedom and democracy that  [[Page S760]]  we so deeply cherish. We must not stand idly by and let the rising tide  of totalitarianism and autocracy sweep away the free global order that  America and her allies have fought so hard to establish and to  preserve. As Americans, it is up to us to meet these challenges head- on. That effort begins in the Senate.   Every Member of this body took an oath of office to support and  defend the Constitution. There is no greater service to that oath and  to the people we represent than to ensure the defense of the Nation.  That is why, in the 116th Congress, we must build on past efforts and  continue to make the necessary investments to our military. Doing so  will maintain the safety and security of our Nation for decades to  come.   As a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I have  become deeply familiar with the warnings that senior leaders at the  Department of Defense have been delivering for years. They warn of  shortfalls in munitions, soldiers who are short on training, pilots  without adequate time in the cockpit, and facilities that are crumbling  from underfunding and neglect. Yet, in politically charged times, that  message sometimes gets muffled against the backdrop of other debates.    I am concerned that some may not appreciate how serious the issue of  readiness has become. While we took a significant step forward with the  funding that was authorized in last year's National Defense  Authorization Act, we cannot fix this issue in just a single year. The  depth of the problem is reflected in the very metrics that the services  use to measure their ability to fight.   For my colleagues who may be skeptical about the need to make these  investments in our military, I would point to the following facts.   In the U.S. Army, the world's most distinguished ground fighting  force, only 50 percent of brigade combat teams are fully trained--50  percent.   In the Navy, which protects our Nation against threats around the  globe and defends free commerce on the world's oceans, only 30 percent  of ship maintenance has been completed on time since fiscal year 2012.  Because of this, ships have been unavailable for training and  operations for thousands of days. This has made the already significant  workload placed on sailors even worse, and it has increased its risk of  a catastrophic mishap.   In the Marine Corps--a critical expeditionary force that is essential  for 21st century combat--limitations that have been imposed by reduced  training hours and a fleet of amphibious ships that have been cut in  half since 1990 have impacted its ability to fight a major conflict.   In the Air Force, there are 30 percent fewer airmen and 39 percent  fewer aircraft today than during Desert Storm. With an average fleet  age of 28 years, our airmen have a tall task of defending against a  range of cutting-edge threats.   Across all services, the physical infrastructure, which comprises  everything from soldiers' barracks to runways, has become badly  dilapidated. An average of one in four military facilities receives a  poor or a failing grade.   This is unacceptable not simply because it means we may not be  prepared to defend ourselves should we need to fight against a nation  that seeks to harm us but because it is our frontline soldiers,  sailors, airmen, and marines who suffer the consequences when we do not  address readiness. Tragically, it is our men and women in uniform, who  serve day in and day out--on holidays and at home and abroad--who are  put at risk if we do not make the collective decision in this body to  support our military by providing them with the necessary funding.  These are problems we can fix, but it is going to require us to work  together to find common ground so as to ensure that America's military  remains the most capable and professional force the world has ever  known.   As we debate today in the U.S. Senate, hundreds of America's sons and  daughters are standing the watch on every continent while protecting  and defending our way of life. They are stationed across oceans, in  arid deserts, in dense jungles, and here at home. No matter what  happens, we know that they are serving faithfully, each and every day,  to safeguard our liberty and our freedom.   It is time for us to show them that they are not alone and that the  U.S. Senate has their backs. Let's keep working together so that this  year will be remembered as one in which, despite our other differences,  we will have agreed on this--that our men and women in uniform should  have the resources they need to fulfill their mission and that we will  continue to provide for a strong defense of the United States of  America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   