 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for  yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bipartisan  legislation, H.R. 3694, the Helping Families Fly Act.   I believe strongly that TSA's passenger screening checkpoints should  be a family-friendly environment. Airports can already be stressful  places for the traveling public, and that stress can be exacerbated for  expecting mothers or families traveling with young children.   That is why I introduced this bill, which directs TSA to train  frontline personnel on how to appropriately address traveler concerns  related to screening technologies and opt-out procedures.   Additionally, H.R. 3694 seeks to improve the passenger screening  process by increasing the availability of frontline TSA personnel and  passenger support specialists for pregnant women and families with  young children.   Moreover, my legislation requires TSA to communicate across its  various media platforms, and in partnership with transportation  stakeholders, any improvements, procedures, changes, or services  relevant to pregnant women and families with young children.   Lastly, H.R. 3694 will examine whether certain checkpoints may  accommodate dedicated family-friendly screening lanes, which will  improve the experience for traveling families while also improving the  operation across all checkpoint lanes.   Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member of the Transportation and Maritime  Security Subcommittee, as well as a mother and grandmother, I believe  that we should be holding TSA accountable in how it interacts with the  traveling public and facilitates the efficient and effective screening  of passengers who are pregnant and traveling with young families.   I thank the chairman of the Transportation and Maritime Security  Subcommittee, Representative Correa, for his bipartisan support of this  legislation. We don't always have a lot of that here, so I am very  thankful that we were able to agree on this bill.   Additionally, I thank Chairman Thompson and Ranking Member Rogers for  their work to bring this bill to the floor today and all the bill's  cosponsors.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation  to make travel more friendly.   