 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to continue my tribute to  Nebraska's heroes and the current generation of men and women who have  given their lives while defending our freedom in Iraq and Afghanistan.  Each of these Nebraskans has a powerful story to tell. I will reflect  today upon the life of LCpl Brent Zoucha of the Marine Corps.   Brent was born in Central City, NE, but he grew up in nearby Clarks,  which is a small town of about 350 residents. While growing up, Rita,  Brent's mother, described him as having a great smile and always  goofing around. Brent was the youngest of four. He had two older  brothers, Dominic and Dyrek, and an older sister, Sherri.   As the youngest of the bunch, Brent had to learn to adapt in the  household. This would require him to wake up early to ensure he would  have hot water when he got ready for the day. He was also known for  acquiring his brother Dyrek's clothes as they were similar in size and  only a few years apart.   Brent loved sports cars--a passion that pushed him to work at the  local gas and oil shop at the age of 14. Because he was an easygoing  youngster, Brent got along with all of his siblings extremely well. He  loved sports and followed many professional teams, especially the New  York Yankees and the Green Bay Packers. He had a very large baseball  card collection and a special interest in the legendary Babe Ruth.   While living in Clarks, Brent developed his athletic ability and  participated in basketball and track and field. His 6-foot-5-inch frame  made him a perfect fit for both basketball and the high jump, and he  was excellent at both. Rita, Brent's mother, fondly remembers the day  that Brent came home while holding the rim and parts of the backboard  to the basketball hoop at the school. He told her he had dunked the  basketball so hard that he had broken the entire hoop. While Rita was  worried about paying for a replacement, all Brent could do was laugh  and smirk at his great athletic achievement.   Like many small town Nebraskan boys, Brent also spent much of his  time hunting and fishing. He also had a strong bond with his animals  and even trained one of his chickens to fly onto his shoulder on  command. During high school, when Brent wasn't working at Pollard  Propane & Oil, he could be found hanging out with his friends on the  weekend or with Meghan Hammond, his long-time girlfriend.  [[Page S3626]]    While in high school, his older brother Dyrek enlisted in the U.S.  Marine Corps, and Brent was inspired by his service to serve our  country. Shortly after graduating from High Plains Community High  School in May of 2005, Brent enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps. The  extreme discipline that his brother and other marines routinely  displayed greatly interested him. He graduated from the Marine Corps  Depot at San Diego in September of 2005.   He was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine  Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force in Twentynine Palms, CA, which  was the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center. Coincidentally, he was  assigned to the exact unit his older brother Cpl Dyrek Zoucha was in.  Shortly after arriving at Twentynine Palms, he and his brother found  out they would both soon be deployed to Al Anbar Province in Iraq.   This particular area of Iraq saw the majority of its fighting and  counterinsurgency from 2004 until 2007. So Brent arrived in the heat of  battle. Initially, fighting between insurgents and the marines in this  area involved heavy urban warfare. However, the strategy evolved to  focus on ambushing soldiers and Iraqi security forces.   While he was on deployment, Rita would send Brent care packages and  talk on the phone with him when she could. She remembers talking on the  phone with him in early June and sending him a care package of fig  cookies and the game of Monopoly for a reminder of his hometown  comfort, but this was the last conversation they would have and the  last care package Rita would send to Brent. While conducting a combat  mission on June 9, 2006, Brent and four other marines came across an  IED. Tragically, Brent and the four other marines lost their lives due  to the wounds they sustained.   The entire Central Nebraska community was in complete shock upon  learning of Brent's death. Services were held on June 21, 2006, at St.  Peter's Catholic Church in Clarks, and the funeral took place at the  Calvary Cemetery. American flags and Patriot Guard Riders lined the  streets from the church to the cemetery. Rita later received condolence  letters from all over the United States, including from President  George W. Bush, then-Senator Hagel, Governor Schwarzenegger, and  numerous fellow soldiers and marines. Rita continues to honor those who  have served by working at the local VFW.   If you visit Clarks today, you will see Brent Zoucha Memorial Lane,  which has been dedicated in his honor. Rita will always cherish Brent  as the ideal son who loved his life and everyone around him. I am  honored to tell his story.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   