 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for  his leadership on this issue and for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 1839, the Medicaid  Services Investment and Accountability Act.   This bill includes two provisions that are very important to seniors  and the disabled. It makes improvements, but, as you have heard my  other colleagues talk about, not enough and not for long enough.   First of all, it has a provision that I worked on with my colleague,  Mr. Upton, that extends the spousal impoverishment protections for  seniors in Medicaid through the end of the fiscal year. These critical  protections ensure that individuals are not forced to spend down almost  all of their resources and potentially go bankrupt to get the care that  they need. No American should be forced into poverty just to receive  adequate healthcare.   In addition, this bill contains a provision that I worked on with my  colleague, Mr. Guthrie, to extend the highly successful Money Follows  the Person program, again, just through the end of the fiscal year.  This program provides grants to States to help individuals voluntarily  transition from an institutional setting to a community care setting,  their own home. All Americans, regardless of income, deserve to receive  long-term care in a setting that they prefer.   While I am pleased that these programs will be extended through the  end of September and not allowed to lapse--and that is critical--this  is only a partial victory. Both the Money Follows the Person program  and spousal impoverishment protections need to be extended for the long  term, not a few months at a time. We keep doing that. It was 3 months  ago that we just extended it for 3 months.   Seniors and individuals with disabilities need to have security. They  need to know and have peace of mind that these important provisions are  going to be there for the long term. And States need stability and  certainty in order to fully implement these efforts.   