 Mr. President, today we hope to vote on a bipartisan,  bicameral agreement that will fully fund the government and provide  additional measures to strengthen our border security.   I want to applaud all of the members of the conference committee who  worked on this agreement. I particularly want to recognize those Senate  Members, led by Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy, for  negotiating a bipartisan compromise that will keep the government's  doors open. Neither side got everything they wanted--that is why it is  called a compromise--but in the end, fully funding the government and  keeping it open is what is best for the American people.   What we saw during the 35-day government shutdown was that it took a  terrible toll on our Federal workers, and it cost the U.S. economy $11  billion--including $3 billion that is gone forever, according to the  Congressional Budget Office.   Across the country, Federal workers have been very anxiously waiting  to see if we were going to come to an agreement, if they were going to  be  [[Page S1351]]  able to pay their mortgages, afford groceries, and get their  prescriptions. Well, today, hopefully we can put their minds at ease.  We can pass this legislation, and hopefully the President will sign it,  because failure to do so would once again deprive Americans of  important government services and throw our economy into a tailspin.   I urge all of our colleagues in Congress to take up this funding  legislation, to pass it, and the President to sign it as soon as it  reaches his desk.   Protecting our borders should not be an exercise in partisanship, and  I am glad to see that this bill supports commonsense investments that  focus on the technology, infrastructure, and personnel that are needed  at the southern and northern borders to provide actual security that  works.   The bill provides $1.375 billion for targeted fencing in vulnerable  areas along the southern border and more than $800 million for Border  Patrol agents, better surveillance and screening technologies, and  increased security at our ports of entry. When resourced and deployed  appropriately, these types of smart investments are far more likely to  interrupt the flow of narcotics than a costly and ineffective border  wall.   Importantly, the legislation also includes $77 million for opioid  equipment and staffing to interdict fentanyl and other synthetic  opioids that are shipped through international mail and express  consignment facilities. This is particularly important to States like  mine, New Hampshire, where we have the second highest overdose death  rate from opioids in the country. So many of those deaths are caused by  the synthetic fentanyl. The opioid epidemic is a true national  emergency, and Federal investments like these are needed to stop the  illegal flow of these drugs into the country.   When Congress takes up and passes this deal, it will not only pass  the appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security but  also six other appropriations bills that have unfortunately been  waylaid by our shutdown. This appropriations package supports critical  Federal investments across all government Agencies, and I want to  highlight just a few of those, starting with the programs funded in the  bipartisan Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies  appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019.   As ranking member of the CJS Subcommittee, I worked closely with my  colleague Senator Moran from Kansas, who chairs the subcommittee, and  we crafted what I believe is a truly bipartisan bill that will promote  the economy, protect the American people, and secure our Nation's  leadership in science and innovation.   For example, the fiscal year 2019 CJS bill provides $468 million in  dedicated Justice Department grant programs to tackle the opioid  epidemic. The legislation will provide funding to State and local  governments and those organizations working on the frontlines-- providing a balanced approach of law enforcement, treatment, and  recovery resources to help our communities that are dealing with opioid  and fentanyl deaths. This amount is $21 million higher than the fiscal  year 2018 level and $336 million higher than the President's budget  request. For communities desperately fighting opioid addiction, any  further delay in funding is dangerous and could be deadly, so it is  critical that we pass this bill today.   Importantly, the legislation also contains the highest funding level  ever for the Office on Violence Against Women--$497.5 million for  critical programs that provide training for police officers and  prosecutors, rape prevention programs, and funding for women's  shelters.   While I am glad that the appropriations package provides funding for  these Violence Against Women Act programs, more work needs to be done  to better support survivors of domestic and sexual violence. I look  forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to address the complex issue of domestic violence.   The appropriations package also supports investments in our national  infrastructure and provides more than $49 billion to the Federal  Highway Administration to modernize our highways and repair our  bridges.   This legislation would also provide a $1.3 billion increase for  housing programs like rental assistance and homeless support services.  For us in New Hampshire, that means that 9,500 low-income households  will continue to have a place they can call home.   I am pleased that the appropriations package includes a 1.9-percent  pay increase for Federal civilian employees. This is a cost-of-living  increase that is long overdue.   During the shutdown, I had a chance to meet with a number of our  Federal workers, and one of the things that impressed me the most was  the dedication those workers had to their jobs and to serving the  people of this country. They were going to work without getting paid  and without knowing when they were going to get paid. Yet they showed  up every day because of their commitment to the people of this country.   In addition to passing this appropriations package, Congress should  take further action to provide financial security to Federal employees  and contractors. We just heard our colleague Tina Smith talking about  the importance of providing the pay to those people who so far are not  slated to get backpay. I have cosponsored legislation to secure backpay  for the Federal contractor employees, including janitorial, food, and  security service workers who were furloughed or forced to accept  reduced work hours as a result of the shutdown. I hope we in Congress  will take up and pass the bills Senator Smith outlined as soon as  possible.   I know you know this, Mr. President, because we have talked about it,  but Americans are tired of partisanship. They expect their elected  officials to work together to come to a bipartisan compromise and to do  what is good for the country, and I couldn't agree more.   The Senate will soon consider an appropriations package to supply  Federal investments for programs that support national defense, small  businesses, conservation of public lands, food assistance for low- income families, and so much more. This package also includes  compromised proposals to improve our border security.   I hope that we will pass this package this afternoon and that the  President will sign this legislation into law as soon as it passes the  House.   Federal workers are dedicated to serving the American people, and  they have families to care for. They should never again be used as  pawns. We should never again use shutting down the Federal Government  as an excuse over disagreements over policy issues. It is time for our  elected leaders to move away from the partisan politics and to live up  to the expectations of our constituents. Let's fund the government, and  let's do it today.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   