 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, this week, Congress has an opportunity to restore the  American people's faith in our political system. H.R. 1 is a  comprehensive set of democratic and anti-corruption reforms that work  for the people, as opposed to those privileged enough to game the  system.   My amendment is simple. It adds Cabinet members to the list of  individuals who cannot benefit from an agreement with the United States  government.   By ensuring the President, Vice President, and Cabinet members are  not able to benefit from agreements with the government, individuals in  a position to use their authority for their own personal gain will be  prohibited from doing so.   The American people expect their government to act in their best  interest, not in the best interest of their bank accounts.   When a department issues a ruling, the American people should not  have to consider whether a Cabinet member will benefit from that  action.   The President, the Vice President, and Cabinet members all have  tremendous power and decisionmaking authority within our government.  That power comes with great scrutiny and the need for oversight. This  commonsense amendment will eliminate that confusion.   Aside from providing essential oversight for our government, H.R. 1  addresses serious issues that have plagued our country for decades. For  years, Americans' access to the ballot box has been under attack, and  millions of voters have been removed from voter rolls across the  country.   Democrats are committed to ensuring that voting is free, fair, and  easy for all citizens, and that every vote by an eligible voter is  counted as cast.   H.R. 1, the For the People Act, codifies that oversight, and seeks to  shed a  [[Page H2496]]  light on any corrupt actions being taken by our elected officials and  Cabinet members.   Mr. Chairman, Cabinet members should be held to the same standard as  the President, Vice President, and Members of Congress, and should not  be able to benefit from agreements, policy, and their actions while  serving the U.S. Government. I urge my colleagues to support this  commonsense amendment that will help provide important oversight of our  government.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   