 Mr. President, before I begin with my remarks, I would  like to take a moment, as I think everybody here in the country should,  to remember and honor all the lives lost 1 year ago today during the  shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL. It  was a horrible act, as the Presiding Officer of the Senate is well  aware, and its reverberations are still felt deeply today, especially  among those who lost friends and loved ones, many of whom work day in  and day out to keep their memory alive.   We have before us on the floor today a bipartisan government funding  measure, and as the chairman of the Homeland Security Appropriations  Subcommittee, I rise in support of the conference agreement to secure  our border and fund our government and end any possibility of a  shutdown at the same time. This agreement is a compromise between  Republicans and Democrats, between the House and the Senate, and  because it is a compromise, none of us really got everything we wanted.   When you are working to reach an agreement, whether you are in  government or in a family, it is important to understand the difference  between compromising on details and compromising on your principles.  While this agreement may compromise on some of the specifics, it does  not compromise on our commitment to our Nation and to secure our  Nation. That commitment is also shared by our President, who has been  unwavering in his promise to strengthen our border. It is a goal we  must achieve in a smart and informed way to address the real and ever- changing challenges we face as a nation.   On the border itself, I have been very clear that our agreement had  to include three critical elements, three legs of the stool: physical  barriers, technology, and personnel.   There were a few sticking points with our Democratic colleagues. We  did hear from the Speaker of the House that there would be no wall or  there would not be $1 for the wall. Instead, this agreement provides  almost triple the money for new wall construction that we appropriated  last year. In fact, we will pay for 55 new miles of wall in the Rio  Grande Valley where Customs and Border Protection has told us it is  desperately needed. This agreement will build twice as many miles of  new wall as last year's appropriations, despite the fact that we were  negotiating with those who didn't want to have any wall.   Would I have preferred more money for the wall? Of course. But this  bill provides the most money ever in a single appropriations bill for a  barrier. I drafted legislation--passed by the Senate Appropriations  Committee last June--that would have fully funded the President's  budget request for the wall. I would have voted for higher amounts--and  did, actually, in committee--of funding for the wall. That is  [[Page S1345]]  because I believe strongly that physical barriers are a vital part of  securing our border. I saw it myself when I toured the borders in  California and Texas. I saw the need. I saw how the walls work. And I  will stand side by side with the President as he works to secure  additional money to construct a border wall in the future.   We got $1.375 billion, and that is a long way from $1. It is a  critical downpayment on the President's ultimate border security goal.  The best path forward to secure our border today is to pass this  agreement.   The bill also stands with the men and women of ICE, Immigration and  Customs Enforcement. A statutory cap on the number of ICE detention  beds would have required dangerous criminals to be released from ICE  custody. It would have posed a threat to families and communities  across the country, and it would have compromised an important  principle. This agreement rejects that anti-ICE proposal.   I have said many times that I support the men and women of ICE and  their important work to secure our Nation, and that is why the  agreement before us gives ICE the operational flexibility it needs to  accomplish its goals. Taking advantage of the flexibility this bill  provides, ICE can utilize 18 percent more detention beds than they are  currently using. That means ICE can continue interior enforcement  efforts and be ready to respond to any surges on the border, so it  gives ICE the flexibility they need.   I say to my friends who, like me, want more money for the wall: This  agreement is better for the wall and better for ICE than any other  alternative. Rejecting this agreement will cost dozens of miles of new  wall and jeopardize ICE's ability to detain dangerous criminals.   Another government shutdown cannot and should not be allowed to  happen. We need to provide certainty to our Federal workers and the  American people whom we serve. I also think we need to restore trust in  our ability to work across the aisle, to work across party lines to  reach settlement, negotiated settlement that moves us forward, because  if we are in a stalemate, we are standing still. In my opinion, if you  are standing still, you are actually going backward, and we don't want  to do that as a nation.   The work done by the men and women in our Federal workforce during  the shutdown should continue to be applauded. Without pay and in a  period of great uncertainty, thousands of men and women did their jobs  at the highest level. We should be thankful for their service, and we  are.   One of the things I am proud of in this bill is a 1.9-percent pay  increase for the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security.  This is ICE. This is Border Patrol. To the Coast Guard, Secret Service,  FEMA, we salute you.   Under this agreement, we will also hire 200 new Border Patrol agents  over the fiscal year 2018 funded level to defend and police our border,  and we will add $600 million for nonintrusive inspection technology.   As I have said before, border wall, personnel, and technology are all  vital parts of securing our border. They are very critical in  addressing the drug epidemic that has plagued my State of West Virginia  and many other parts of this country.   This bill includes the highest level of funding ever in a homeland  security appropriations bill to combat the opioid epidemic--more than  $700 million--and it has funds for investigations when it comes to  human trafficking, looking into the dark web, and other crimes.   The homeland security portion of this agreement also takes a major  step forward in advancing our Nation's Coast Guard by building a new  polar security cutter to help address operational needs in the Arctic.  This is critical to our homeland security. We also address the needs of  the TSA, the Secret Service, and FEMA--to name just a few of the other  entities within this title.   This bill is not the bill I would have written alone. I don't get to  do that. It is the product of give-and-take that is necessary to forge  a bipartisan consensus. It is a strong compromise that will help secure  our border and make America safer.   Senator Jon Tester, the ranking member of our subcommittee and the  Senator from Montana, has been an excellent partner as we have worked  to deliver a bill worthy of the men and women of the Department of  Homeland Security. So I thank him for his efforts throughout this  process. We have worked very well together.   I also want to thank Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy for  their work in guiding the Appropriations Committee to a deal. These are  seasoned appropriators who know how to get the job done. Their  leadership has demonstrated that the Appropriations Committee can come  together and forge bipartisan consensus in the national interest.   The leaders of the House Appropriations Committee, Chairman Nita  Lowey, whom I know very well; and Ranking Member Kay Granger, who is a  good friend of mine from my service in the House; as well as my  counterpart in the House and chairman of Homeland Security, Lucille  Roybal-Allard; and Ranking Member Chuck Fleischmann, of the Homeland  Security Subcommittee. They deserve our gratitude for forging ahead  with a willingness to negotiate.   I also appreciate the contributions of all the members of our  conference committee, and I would like to thank a group of individuals  who have dedicated a lot of nights, weekends, and family time to this  effort. Their knowledge of the facts and their commitment to the cause  never waned, even though their time to sleep did wane. Shannon Hines,  who is Chairman Shelby's right-hand woman on the committee, was  fantastic. Thank you to Adam Telle, Peter Babb, Christian Lee, Chris  Cook, and Thompson Moore of the Homeland Security Subcommittee staff,  which I chair, as well as to my own appropriations staffer, J.T.  Jezierski. I say thank you--a big thank you.   I have spent the majority of my time today and the last several weeks  on my bill--our bill. My thanks and congratulations also go to my  fellow chairmen who have titles in this package. They have produced  legislation that will help West Virginia expand access to broadband,  combat the opioid epidemic, enhance our transportation, foster economic  development, and advance scientific research and discovery. They, too,  faced similar challenges to draft bipartisan legislation, and they too  got it done.   In closing, although conferees compromised on details, we did not  compromise our principles. Passing this conference agreement is in our  national security interest. It will provide the resources, the  direction, and the support that the President has said many times he  needs to protect our Nation.   I am very proud to have been a part of this process, and I encourage  my colleagues to join me in a bipartisan fashion in passing this bill  later this afternoon.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   