 Madam President, I rise today in support of Dr. John  Fleming's nomination to be the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for  Economic Development, otherwise known as the Administrator of the  Economic Development Administration, or EDA.   I view this as an opportunity not only to speak about the  qualifications of a former colleague of mine--we served in the House  together--but also to highlight the EDA's work in my home State of West  Virginia.   The EDA did not always play an active role in West Virginia, which is  really odd when you consider that we have no shortage of economic  development and infrastructure needs and challenges in our State. Yet,  at my insistence and through the collaboration of my staff, we have  turned a corner. Today, we are beginning to see real investments that  will make a lasting difference in West Virginia.   To highlight the insignificant amount West Virginia received before I  became a Senator, in the 2 years prior to my swearing in--2013 and  2014--the State received a total of $200,000 from EDA outside of normal  planning grants. These were mostly for technical assistance.   When I came to the Senate and realized this, I made it a top priority  of mine to ensure that West Virginia secured more Federal dollars to  develop our economy and create new opportunities. I made it clear to  EDA at the time that the status quo was absolutely unacceptable.   I am glad to say we are now achieving results, as evidenced by the  close to $30 million that EDA has invested in West Virginia since 2015.  By bringing everyone to the table and working with State and local  economic development officials, we were able to foster a renewed focus  on West Virginia needs to the benefit of these local projects.   In addition to EDA's bringing on a State representative, which was  crucial--a State representative to focus just on our State, to directly  interface with our communities--we are ensuring dollars will go toward  projects that will contribute to the future of West Virginia.   At a time when my State and other parts of the country are seeking to  reorient their economies toward industries of the future--like  technology and advanced manufacturing--these are the kinds of projects  that the Federal Government should be prioritizing.   Let me give you a few examples. Just last month, I joined local  officials in Greenbrier County to announce $1.5 million in EDA funding  to bring potable water to 50 homes and a new business that will employ  over 200 people. Keep in mind, these are projects that are  collaborative projects. It is not just solely Federal dollars that go  into it. There are city, county, and private dollars as well.   In November of last year, EDA announced that it would invest $1  million in the city of Bluefield for the Exit 1 project, a 15-acre  development that will serve as a catalyst for business growth and  create almost 250 jobs. And 1 year ago in March, the EDA invested close  to $5 million in just 1 day to make infrastructure improvements at  three separate sites across the State. This funding will promote job  growth and retention of jobs in these three counties through added  efficiencies in essential infrastructure.   One of these projects I will talk about is in northern West Virginia,  where I am originally from, and it will be to rehabilitate the Wheeling  Corrugating steel plant complex in Brooke County, all the way near the  top of the northern panhandle. This project will, at a minimum, create  95 new jobs, retain 45 jobs, and attract private capital beyond an  initial investment of more than $1 million. This isn't funding for a  conference of stakeholders or another study just to sit on a shelf and  collect dust. These are real dollars going toward real projects. Our  local leaders know what they need, and many of the local economic  development officials tell me they have been ``studied to death.''   I am happy to say that through our efforts, local and State officials  are getting the help they have been asking for. Dr. Fleming and I spoke  at length about these efforts when he visited my office and during his  nomination hearing before the EPW Committee. He assured me of his  commitment to follow Congress's intent to continue the programs under  EDA, as evidenced by the increased in funding EDA received through the  appropriations process.   As a successful businessman and former Member of Congress from  Louisiana--and as he has made clear in his conversations with me and  through his testimony--I trust that Dr. Fleming understands the needs  of communities like those in West Virginia. I look forward to working  with him after he is confirmed, and I invite him, as I have before, to  come to my home State to see the great work that is being done with the  investments that the EDA has chosen to make in West Virginia.    When the Federal Government serves as a willing partner for all parts  of the country, regardless of whether they are urban or rural, we can  promote economic growth and opportunities for all Americans. As chair  of the EPW Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee and as a  member of the Appropriations and Commerce Committees, I will continue  to advocate for programs that contribute not just to a brighter future  for my State of West Virginia but also for the entire country.   I yield the floor.   