 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment clarifies that every  veteran is able to access childcare services guaranteed by the  underlying bill, regardless of whether they are using the services at a  VA center, medical center, or a vet center that is not on the campus of  a VA facility.   I am pleased to be joined in offering this bipartisan amendment by my  Republican colleague Congresswoman Lesko from Arizona. I would also  like to thank Congresswoman Brownley for leading this bill, as well as  Chairman Takano and Ranking Member Roe for their assistance and  leadership on this vital issue.   No veteran should be forced to choose between caring for their  children or caring for themselves. In several States, including my home  State of Nevada, veterans use both the VA medical centers and the  community-based vet centers to access the care they need.   Vet centers provide a wide array of social and psychological services  to help veterans readjust to civilian life, and I am very proud of the  work they do to serve those who served all of us.   For many of those who do not have access to a local VA medical  center, vet centers are the only VA facilities they can use. To ensure  that all veterans and, in particular, women veterans are able to  receive the care they need, our amendment would clarify that any  veteran receiving care, whether at a VA facility or an off-VA-campus  vet center, would be eligible for the childcare authorized under this  legislation.   We never want any veteran to choose between receiving the care and  support they need or caring for their child. Our amendment would  guarantee that all veterans would be able to access care regardless of  where and how they seek treatment.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Takano).    Mr. Chairman, I have no other speakers, and I am  prepared to close at this time, if my colleague is as well.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   