 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that both Senator  Menendez and I be permitted to speak for up to 5 minutes each prior to  the roll call vote on the Desmond nomination.    Mr. President, I am delighted to join the Senator from  Michigan today, to add to her comments about the replacement for now- Justice Kavanaugh after he was confirmed to the Supreme Court last  year, and I want to remind my colleagues about the people who spoke up  during Justice Kavanaugh's nomination and the critical issues that they  spoke about.   Women stood up. They rallied. They marched. They made clear they do  not want to go back to the days before the Roe v. Wade decision  affirmed their right to make their own healthcare decisions.   Incredibly brave survivors, such as Dr. Ford and so many others, said  they wanted to be heard and believed, not silenced.   Families across the country said they wanted a Justice who would  interpret the law fairly and objectively, without partisanship--someone  whose priority is the Constitution and people across the country, not  President Trump and his extreme agenda.   Unfortunately, but not surprisingly, it is clear that President Trump  and Republicans in Congress aren't listening to women or survivors or  families, because the next nominee for the DC Circuit Court fails on  each and every count I just listed.   As we speak, Neomi Rao is enacting the Trump agenda in her role as  the head of the Agency that reviews and approves the Trump  administration's changes to regulations impacting so many people in  communities who stood up to oppose Justice Kavanaugh's nomination.   Under Ms. Rao's leadership, the Trump administration finalized a rule  that prevents healthcare providers from even informing patients who  come to title X-funded health centers about where to go to get safe-- safe--legal abortions and places new, burdensome, medically unnecessary  requirements on title X-funded health centers, designed specifically to  prevent Planned Parenthood from receiving these funds, meaning millions  of patients may lose a source of quality, affordable, basic healthcare  they trust.   Ms. Rao has helped put forward rules that would make it harder for  members of the LGBTQ community and women to get the care they need by  allowing providers to turn them away simply because of who they are or  because they want birth control.   I also want to take a few minutes to address Ms. Rao's deeply  concerning comments about rape and sexual assault. While in college,  she wrote that ``a good way to avoid a potential date rape is to stay  reasonably sober.''   Let's be clear. It is never a survivor's fault, ever, that someone  raped or sexually assaulted them.   Ms. Rao was given an opportunity to explicitly reject those comments  and failed to do so. She then sent a letter attempting to walk them  back, but her actions speak louder than a letter sent during a  nomination process, and her actions on this issue have been harmful.   In her role within the Trump administration, Ms. Rao has helped  Secretary DeVos to roll back protections that help survivors get  justice when they are sexually assaulted on campuses. In other words,  at the same time that Ms. Rao claims her views have changed on sexual  assault and consent, her actions are aligned with those who believe  what she wrote in college. To the survivors I hear from and those who  bravely spoke out against Justice Kavanaugh and so many others, Ms.  Rao's actions are what matters.   Ms. Rao is also listening to corporate lobbyists instead of  scientists when it comes to climate and our public health and is  advancing rules that would allow more discrimination in our Nation's  housing programs. Unfortunately, it seems that on many issues, where  President Trump wants to do damage and hurt families, Ms. Rao is right  behind him with a rubberstamp, just like Justice Kavanaugh and so many  others President Trump has nominated to the bench.   We need judges who will do what workers and families expect of a  judge--to interpret our laws according to the Constitution and what is  best for our country, not according to politics and what is best for  President Trump. That is why I am strongly opposing her nomination, and  I hope all of our colleagues will join us in doing so.   I yield the floor.   