 Madam President, I join my Democratic colleagues on the  floor to once again speak out against this President and his  administration's outrageous abuses of Executive power.   While, unfortunately, there is a myriad of Presidential abuses to  which I could be referring, today, this evening, I am here to discuss  two of his most recent and most egregious actions that have not only  run afoul of Congress's authority and our constitutional system of  checks and balances but also compromise our national security.   It began with the President making a phony national emergency  declaration to bypass Congress and steal money to build his border wall  under the auspices of a ``crisis''--one of the President's own making-- in pursuit of advancing the most anti-immigrant agenda this country has  seen in generations, all manufactured to secure Federal funds to build  his often-touted vanity wall on our southern border. This is a wall the  American people were not supposed to pay for and that we, time and  again, have indicated we do not want.   Now, one would think this extreme overreach of Executive authority  alone would get our colleagues on the other side of the aisle riled up  enough to defend the Constitution's system of checks and balances, but  in declaring his national emergency, President Trump took his overreach  one step further, ransacking critical Federal funds--taxpayer dollars-- that were appropriated by Congress to fund important military  construction projects and national security priorities across the  country. To do what with? To put money toward building his border wall.   To be clear, instead of Federal funds going toward military  infrastructure priorities such as a new pier and maintenance facility  at Naval Base Kitsap in my home State of Washington that would help  guide and protect our Navy's vital nuclear submarines, those funds are  now going to pay for Trump's border wall.   Instead of our military using Federal funds already authorized by  Congress to increase access to childcare for our servicemembers and  their families, those funds are now going into paying for Trump's wall.   While this behavior from our President is predictable, it is no less  wrong, underhanded, and unacceptable, and I know I am not the only one  who thinks that way.   Since the President's rash move to reprogram billions of dollars from  our military construction budget toward his border wall, I have heard  repeatedly from constituents who are upset by this President's brazen  acts of recklessness and are wondering how the President of the United  States can just step over Congress to do whatever he wants with our  Federal budget, especially when it is on the backs of our troops and  their families.   I refuse to stand by and do nothing while this President hurts my  State and so many others. Why? Because he cares more about his vanity  project than our troops, the military community, or the American  people.   That is why, in the coming days, I plan to introduce new legislation  that will not only recoup the military construction funds that were  shamefully raided for Trump's border wall but put in place new  safeguards to make sure no President today or in the future can so  effortlessly bypass the will of Congress to loot the Federal budget.   We need to put a check on this President, plain and simple. Right  now, we can do so by standing up for Congress and our constitutional  authority to set the Federal budget and pay our Nation's bills.   So I urge my colleagues to join Democrats in voting to rescind  President Trump's bogus national emergency declaration, taking that  first step to roll back the President's plunder and hold him  accountable because as a coequal branch of our Federal Government, it  is not just our job, it is our sworn duty and one this body and our  Republican colleagues cannot ignore.   I yield the floor.   