 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 9, the Climate  Action Now Act.   My grandsons' generation will remember President Trump's decision to  leave the Paris Agreement as the day that he condemned them to a world  of manmade devastation.   Today, we have a chance to change that. Which side do we want to be  on, the side of future generations or the side of those who would  profit at their expense?   H.R. 9 mandates that the United States Government honor the  commitments we made in the Paris Agreement.   We also need to protect the rights of cities and States to go above  and beyond to meet the unique strains climate change puts on their  regions.   For example, California has committed to source 100 percent of its  electricity from renewable sources by 2045. This is necessary,  considering the toll climate change has taken on California, including  historic droughts, deadly fires, and terrible flooding.   Despite this, President Trump has tried to make it harder for  California to regulate its own greenhouse emissions. I have offered an  amendment to H.R. 9 that would stop President Trump from using the plan  mandated in this act to limit cities and States like California from  taking more ambitious action to reduce greenhouse emissions.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Gomez).    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Rouda).    Mr. Chair, if we don't take an aggressive  step to deal with this problem, our grandchildren and their  grandchildren will pay the price.   A United States Government report found that our economy will lose  over $1 trillion dollars by the end of this century due to climate  change. Clean energy is an investment, not only for our communities,  but for future generations.   California has over 500,000 jobs created within the clean energy  sector. That is about 10 times the number of coal jobs nationwide. This  amendment ensures that California's progress and commitment will not be  sabotaged.   I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Castor) for  offering this critical legislation.   Mr. Chair, I urge passage of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   