 Mr. Speaker, being from Arizona, this issue is very  important to me, and it has been for years.   I am glad that my Democratic colleagues are finally acknowledging  that  [[Page H5143]]  there is a crisis at the border, because we have known there was a  crisis for, what, 20 years now, and it keeps growing and growing.   The reason I say that: I know, today, everyone is standing up and  saying, ``Let's help everyone.'' And I am glad of that, but it wasn't  that long ago, on national TV, that Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer  went in front of the public and said: This is a manufactured crisis.  Trump and the Republicans are making it all up.   Well, if anyone goes to the border, like I have gone to the border,  you will see that it is a real crisis and it is growing each and every  day. That is why President Trump asked for humanitarian aid on May 1.   Then, the Department of Homeland Security and HHS sent all of us this  letter--all of us Congressmen and Congresswomen--saying: We need help  now. We are running out of funds. This is a crisis.   So, the Republicans made motion after motion after motion--17 times-- asking for humanitarian aid.   And what did my Democrat colleagues do? They said no. No. They  rejected every one.   So, here I am in Rules Committee last night--it is almost midnight-- and we thought we were going to vote on this bill, on the humanitarian  aid. Nope. Pulled out. Nope. I guess they couldn't get the votes over  on the Democratic side.   So, then they did a change. From what the media said, some of their  more progressive members demanded some requirements and changes.   So we were supposed to meet at rules at 11 a.m. this morning with a  new bill. Nope. That was pulled.   So, here we are. We got the new version of the bill at 5:00 tonight.  We had the rules meeting at 5:30. Then we started the rules debate at  6:00. We didn't even have time to read the bill.   So, I have some major concerns with this bill. I wish we had worked  on a bipartisan basis.   To give you one example, there was a young girl who died in Arizona-- actually, was found dead--7 years old. And guess who helped rescue the  other members of the party? It was the Arizona National Guard.   Yet, the bill prevents any funding from going to the Department of  Defense that will help with the Arizona National Guard and other  national guards that are helping at the border.   I really wish that we could work together in a bipartisan fashion,  get something done, go back to rules.   Let's do a clean bill. Let's send it to the Senate tonight. Let's  help solve this crisis now.   