 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Quigley for yielding, and I  would like to congratulate Chairman Quigley, Ranking Member Graves, and  the outstanding staff for the bill before us.   House Democrats are fighting to ensure that America is safe, strong,  and moving forward.   The investments in this bill to fund financial regulators and small  businesses improve the financial security of every American. With the  inclusion of funding for election security, we can safeguard our  democracy.   This bill would provide $12 billion for the IRS, including $2.56  billion for taxpayer services, and $290 million for business systems  modernization. These increases are particularly important to secure  sensitive data housed at the IRS.   Small businesses are the foundation of our economy, and this bill  gives them and their employees a better shot at success. A nearly 40  percent increase to the Small Business Administration includes a 14  percent increase for entrepreneurial development programs like Women's  Business Centers.   To combat the attacks on our democracy by foreign powers, the bill  would provide $16.2 million for Election Assistance Commission  operating expenses, a 76 percent increase, and $600 million for  election security grants.   Other important issues would make DACA recipients eligible for  Federal employment and prohibit the use of funds from the Treasury  Forfeiture Fund to construct the President's ill-conceived border wall.   What is not in this bill is also noteworthy, starting with  objectionable riders from previous years that threatened Home Rule for  D.C., such as the ban on D.C. using its own local funds to support  abortion services, needle exchanges, and the legalization of marijuana.   The bill would also eliminate three riders related to the SEC and FEC  aimed at thwarting transparency and disclosures of political  contributions.   This bill would invest in a future that supports the security of our  data and our elections, while setting up our communities, making sure  that our communities succeed.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for the bill.    Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 462, I call  up the bill (H.R. 3401) making emergency supplemental appropriations  for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes,  and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on H.R. 3401.    Madam Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of House Democrats' humanitarian  supplemental to care for the increased number of migrants crossing the  southern border.   In a matter of days, the Department of Health and Human Services and  Department of Homeland Security will run out of money to care for  children and families at the border who are already held in deplorable,  chaotic conditions, often without needed medical care or even soap and  toothbrushes.   Children go without showers or clean clothes for weeks, and 7- and 8- year-olds care for infants they don't know, while toddlers go without  diapers. This is heartbreaking and, in the richest country on Earth,  unacceptable.   This bill totals $4.5 billion for basic human needs and better care.  It includes $200 million for an integrated, multiagency processing  center pilot program with nonprofits, as well as $60 million to assist  local entities and non profits serving the influx of migrants.   The President's cruel immigration policies that tear apart families  and terrorize communities demand the stringent safeguards in this bill  to ensure these funds are used for humanitarian needs only--not for  immigration raids, not for detention beds, not for a border wall.   This bill would better protect migrants' rights and dignity with  stronger requirements for care of unaccompanied children, including  standards for medical care and medical emergencies; nutrition, hygiene,  and facilities; and personnel training.   Strict conditions on influx shelters that house children would  mandate compliance with requirements in the Flores settlement. Sponsors  and potential sponsors would be safeguarded from DHS immigration  enforcement based on information collected by HHS during the sponsor  vetting process.   Madam Speaker, we cannot be complicit in the crisis and suffering at  the border. I urge support for this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the distinguished and outstanding chair of  the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Connecticut.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Roybal-Allard), the outstanding chairwoman of the  Homeland Security Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano), the distinguished chairman  of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I have great respect for the minority  leader, but I ask Mr. Minority Leader: If not this bill, what bill can  provide aid to these children?   Where is this Senate bill, Madam Speaker? It is being held up by a  Republican Senator from the same State as the majority leader.    Just let me finish, and then I will be delighted to  yield.   So I want to ask again: This bill is being held up by a Republican  Senator from the same State as the majority leader.   So, Madam Speaker, a ``no'' vote on this bill by any Member will  ensure that children remain in absolute squalor. Stop hiding behind the  Senate bill that has not passed.   I yield to the gentleman from California.    Mr. Minority Leader, I have to reclaim my time.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Cuellar), who is a member of the Appropriations Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an  additional 30 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the chairwoman of the Energy and  Water Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Ohio.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jeffries), the chairman of the Democratic  Caucus.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Espaillat).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The humanitarian crisis at the border demands action. This bill funds  a compassionate response, while doing our utmost to protect the rights  and dignity of migrants. I urge my colleagues, join me. Let's pass this  bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   