 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of my bipartisan and  bicameral bill, H.R. 4566, the Virginia Beach Strong Act.   Just over 6 months ago, our Virginia Beach community suffered a  devastating tragedy. On May 31, 12 wonderful people lost their lives in  a mass shooting in the Virginia Beach Municipal Center.   During our great city's darkest hour, we showed the world the  strength and resolve that makes us Virginia Beach Strong. We saw first  responders heroically running into building 2, sacrificing their safety  to save others; doctors working long hours to provide victims with  expert care; and many other displays of courage.   May 31, 2019, was a day that will change Virginia Beach forever. We  will always remember the 12 individuals we lost that day and their  irreplaceable contributions to our Virginia Beach Strong community. My  heart continues to grieve for those who lost their lives, their  families, and everyone who loved them.   Today, many families of the victims are still facing financial  hardships related to the shooting, in addition to the unfathomable loss  of a loved one.  [[Page H9366]]    In the aftermath of May 31, the city of Virginia Beach established a  fund to help victims, survivors, and their families. Unfortunately, a  technicality in the Tax Code means that these donations will likely not  be considered tax deductible. That is why I introduced the Virginia  Beach Strong Act.   The Virginia Beach Strong Act would make it easier to help bring  urgently needed support to our community's grieving families. This  bipartisan bill would ensure that all donations made to immediate  family members of the victims on or after May 31 will be considered tax  deductible. It is narrowly written so it does not make any broader  changes to our Tax Code or to the nonprofit status.   Today, we all have the opportunity to make a profound difference for  the families that have been through unimaginable pain following the  Virginia Beach mass shooting.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues in the Virginia delegation  for their support, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote for H.R.  4566, the Virginia Beach Strong Act.   