 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 131, I call up  the conference report on the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 31) making  further continuing appropriations for the Department of Homeland  Security for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes, and ask for its  immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the bill before us would prevent another government  shutdown by completing the remaining appropriation bills for fiscal  year 2019. It represents what is possible in a strong democratic  process when we work hard to reach agreement that puts politics aside  and puts the American people first.   This bipartisan compromise rejects the President's irresponsible  budget cuts and, instead, invests in priorities that will strengthen  our families, communities, and economy.   Additionally, it does not contain poison pill riders that threaten  the environment, public health, and consumer protections in the House  Republican versions of these bills.   Among the bill's vital increases are $80 million for State and local  law enforcement to keep communities safe, $1 billion for the Census  Bureau, $308 million for research and development at the National  Science Foundation, $25 million for the Environmental Protection  Agency, $293 million for port infrastructure, and $123 million for  grants to combat homelessness.   Strong international affairs funding will help stabilize the world's  economy, meet unprecedented humanitarian needs, and continue our fight  against radical extremism and terrorism.   Federal workers will receive a 1.9 percent pay raise that the  President attempted to deny hardworking families.   The Homeland Security division of this bill upholds Democratic values  and funds smart and effective border security, including construction  and screening technology at ports of entry, where most drugs illegally  enter the country.   The $1.375 billion it provides for border barriers is 76 percent less  than  [[Page H2017]]  what the President demanded for a concrete wall, and critical  protections are put in place for environmentally sensitive areas.   Neither Democrats nor Republicans got everything they wanted.   Every Democrat and nearly every Republican who served on the  conference committee to write this bill has signed it in support. I  thank the conferees for their hard work and commitment to this process,  which we couldn't have completed without our excellent, dedicated  staff, both majority and minority.   My friends, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Roybal-Allard), the hardworking chairwoman of the  Homeland Security Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Cuellar), a member of the Appropriations Committee and a  distinguished conferee.    Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price), the distinguished chairman  of the Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and Related  Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), a senior member of  the committee and a conferee who worked so hard to put this bill  together.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 10 seconds to the  gentlewoman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Aguilar), a member of the Appropriations  Committee and a very important conferee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Serrano), the chairman of the Commerce, Justice, Science  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Bishop), the distinguished chairman of the  Agriculture Subcommittee.     Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Georgia.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum), the chairwoman of the  Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), chairwoman of the  Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on the  conference report to accompany H.J. Res. 31.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to once again thank my fellow conferees. In  a divided government, none of us will get everything we want, but I am  proud that 16 of us, all appropriators, could work through a series of  difficult decisions and sign a bipartisan agreement.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my friends on both sides of the aisle to vote  ``yes,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 4) making  consolidated appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30,  2019, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration  in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.   