 Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak  about the two nominations we are about to vote on.   The first one is the nomination of John Pallasch to be the Assistant  Secretary of Labor overseeing the Employment & Training Administration.  This is a critically important role that manages nearly two-thirds of  the Department of Labor's budget and our Nation's workforce development  programs, which serve over 22 million youth, workers, jobseekers, and  seniors who are working to improve their employment opportunities and  the lives of their families.   This position is particularly important now as we are seeing the  Trump administration work to undermine some of the most crucial  programs within the Employment & Training Administration. They are  attempting to close Job Corps centers that help train at-risk youth,  conserve our natural resources, and provide economic opportunities in  rural areas and communities in need. They are also proposing a  duplicative, lower quality apprenticeship program that would put  workers at risk and give taxpayer dollars to for-profit colleges with  very little accountability.   It is clear that the Employment & Training Administration needs a  leader now who is knowledgeable, who is experienced, and who is  committed to providing workers with the training, support, and benefits  they need to succeed in this changing economy. Unfortunately, Mr.  Pallasch is not that person. Throughout this nomination process, Mr.  Pallasch has shown that he has very limited experience with or  understanding of the programs that he would be overseeing.   I am going to vote against this nomination, and I urge my colleagues  to do the same.   At this time, I also want to once again reiterate my disappointment  in the unprecedented obstruction to Democratic nominees to the Equal  Employment Opportunity Commission and the National Labor Relations  Board. Last Congress, Republicans refused to confirm two very highly  qualified and respected nominees to additional terms on the EEOC and  the NLRB.   Earlier this year, Republicans broke yet another longstanding  tradition by confirming a majority nominee to the EEOC without a  Democratic pair.   Last week, the White House announced its intention to nominate a  bipartisan pair of nominees to the EEOC. After a year of obstruction, I  am encouraged by this small step toward bipartisanship and normalcy,  but I am here today to urge the White House to formalize these  nominations as quickly as possible so that the Senate can confirm them  and restore balance to the EEOC.   I strongly urge the White House to nominate a full slate of  nominees--Republican and Democrat--to both the NLRB and EEOC.   For those reasons and because of Mr. Pallasch's lack of experience  and knowledge about the programs and the policies he would be  responsible for, I will vote against his nomination.   