 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  California for yielding and for his tireless work exposing the deep  flaws in this bill.   Madam Speaker, I rise as the leader of the Republicans on the  Education and Labor Committee, which should have had an opportunity to  consider this legislation fully, considering its vast implications for  educational institutions and employers.   We did not have that opportunity. Instead, we had a single  subcommittee hearing.   As a fierce advocate for the Education and Labor Committee, I would  never deem any subcommittee unimportant, but it was the subcommittee  with the smallest membership.   On top of that, somehow the decision was made to bring this bill to  the floor under a closed rule with no amendments. So, I commend my  colleagues on the Judiciary Committee for their work on behalf of all  of us.   This bill may have ``equality'' in its title, but it does not serve  all people.   Its mandates for specific accommodations in shared facilities puts  job creators, particularly those in small businesses, schools, and  other community-serving facilities on the hook for Washington's half- baked ideas.   Its vague and circular definitions of gender identity will lead only  to uncertainty, litigation, and harm to individuals and organizations  that will be forced to comply with a law the authors don't even seem to  understand.   This is a classic example of passing something now and figuring out  what it actually means later.   We have been here before. If the Devil is in the details, we are in  for a lot of devilish surprises.   This is no small price for some greater good, as the bill's  proponents have argued.   Opening schools and workplaces to expanded liability based on, as the  bill states, a ``perception or belief, even if inaccurate,'' of  suspected discrimination.   Madam Speaker, I am going to repeat those words, because they are so  unbelievable: ``a perception or belief, even if inaccurate,'' of  suspected discrimination.   How can we write legislation like this? It would have untold chilling  effects on hiring, career advancement, and one could easily see  discourse in the classroom.   Where the bill is alarmingly clear, however, is in its meticulous and  intentional destruction of religious freedom protections.   American employers and educators have grown accustomed to clumsy and  misguided mandates coming down from Washington shrouded in good  intentions. Other laws under the jurisdiction of the Education and  Labor Committee are littered with them, but this time something is  different.   The provision in H.R. 5 that guts the Religious Freedom Restoration  Act of 1993 is clear in its intent. This bill is a brazen attempt to  replace timeless, inherent religious liberties with the identity  politics of the moment.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle could have been given  the benefit of the doubt on the rest of this bill.   Careless and shortsighted legislation is what they have done best for  many years, but this fevered grasping, this hysterical clawing at  individual Americans who hold personal religious convictions,  represents a major departure from where the debate in this Chamber has  been before.  [[Page H3937]]    I sincerely hope it is temporary, for the sake of this body, and more  importantly, for the sake of the people we represent.   I hope this bill, which faces certain failure in the Senate, will be  remembered as a failed experiment in oppressive legislating and not the  first-time move in a new, sustained attack on religious freedom.   