 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding me the  time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1414, the FinCEN Improvement  Act, bipartisan legislation I introduced with my Financial Services  Committee colleague and fellow Virginian, Congressman Denver Riggleman.   This is a practical bill that will help modernize the duties of the  Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, otherwise known as FinCEN. The  mission of FinCEN is to safeguard the financial system from crimes or  illicit use, such as terrorist financing; combat money laundering; and  promote national security through the collection, analysis, and  dissemination of financial information and intelligence.   H.R. 1414 would do three things to further their important mission.   First is in the area of investigation into terror financing. FinCEN  is currently authorized to combat international terrorism but fails to  mention domestic terror activities. While international terror threats  remain present and relevant, the threat landscape has expanded  considerably and also includes domestic terror groups that commit  crimes to further their agendas.   H.R. 1414 will amend the FinCEN authorizing legislation to clarify  its role in investigating and combating terror threats, be they foreign  or domestic. FinCEN is already doing important work to combat domestic  terrorism, but the bill will clarify its role and correct this  oversight in the statute.  [[Page H2623]]    Second, the virtual currency landscape is rapidly evolving and many  of these technologies did not exist when previous laws and regulations  were written. H.R. 1414 will help FinCEN combat emerging methods of  financing illicit activity, including the use of cryptocurrency.   Finally, the FinCEN Improvement Act builds on existing relationships  with law enforcement partners by ensuring that FinCEN has the authority  to work not only with Federal, State, and local law enforcement, but  also with Tribal law enforcement across the country.   I am proud to cosponsor this bill, Mr. Speaker, and I urge our  colleagues to support it.   