 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to once again talk about the  truly obscene cost of prescription drugs and the No. 1 thing we can do  to lower prices. It is spelled out right here: Let Medicare negotiate.  It is very simple. Let Medicare negotiate to bring down the cost of  prescription drugs.   Prescription drug costs are a huge issue for people, frankly, of all  ages who need medication in my State. Whether I am talking to farmers  in Western Michigan, retirees in the Upper Peninsula, working families  in Wayne County or Macomb County, families are feeling the effects.   When you look at the numbers between 2008 and 2016, prices on the  most popular brand-name drugs went up over 208 percent. Just ask those  farmers in West Michigan and those working families in Macomb; their  income did not rise 208 percent.   Perhaps nobody has been hurt more than our seniors who tend to take  more medications and live on fixed incomes. In 2017 alone, the average  price of brand-name drugs that seniors often take rose four times  faster than the rate of inflation. In 1 year, it rose faster than the  rate of inflation. Again, I am absolutely certain that the vast  majority of the seniors in my State did not see their incomes go up  four times faster than the rate of inflation. I can tell you that  seniors in the Upper Peninsula didn't see their pensions or Social  Security checks increase that much.   What do families do? What do seniors do? We all know the stories.  Some people are forced to cut back on other things like food and paying  their bills. Some folks cut their heart pills in half or take their  arthritis medication every other day instead of every day--which, by  the way, is not OK to do. Some families stop filling their  prescriptions altogether simply because they can't afford it. This is  wrong.   I have always believed healthcare is a basic human right, and that  includes prescription medications. How do we lower the cost of  prescriptions so families can afford the medications they need to get  healthy and to stay healthy? The No. 1 way to do that is to  [[Page S4492]]  let Medicare negotiate. It is very straightforward: Let Medicare  negotiate. The VA is allowed to negotiate the price of prescription  drugs, and the VA saves 40 percent compared to Medicare. In fact, if  Medicare paid the same price as the VA, it could have saved $14.4  billion on just 50 drugs if it paid the same prices as the VA. It could  have $14.4 billion in savings if Medicare could negotiate for seniors  the way the VA is able to negotiate for veterans.    So what is stopping us? Republicans in Congress and pharma lobbyists  are standing in the way of getting this done. In 2018, there were 1,451  lobbyists for the pharmaceutical and health product industry. That is  almost 15 lobbyists for every 1 Member of the Senate. Their job is to  stop competition and keep prices high, and they are doing a very good  job.   Back in 2003, when Medicare Part D was signed into law, they blocked  Medicare from harnessing the bargaining power of 43 million American  seniors. Those 43 million American seniors together could see  negotiating power, but it was blocked by language that was put into  Medicare Part D. Let me just say that again. It is very simple. Take  that language out and let Medicare negotiate.   Sixteen years later, pharmaceutical companies are still boosting  their bottom lines on the backs of our seniors. As if putting that  language in Medicare Part D wasn't enough, we constantly see efforts to  look for an advantage to block competition, to do something to protect  prices, to keep prices high, and they are at it again. The name-brand  industry that is a huge supporter of the new trade agreement, NAFTA  2.0--some say NAFTA 1.5, some people call it the U.S.-Mexico-Canada  trade agreement--but this deal with Canada and America that has been  put together and negotiated by the administration has something in it  to protect the pricing for Big Pharma. The provisions could stop  competitors from getting cheaper generic versions of biologic drugs on  the market sooner. If you stop the competition, you stop the ability  for generic, no-brand names. They are the same drug most of the time  but just without a brand name on it. If you stop that competition, even  though that competition brings down prices, you can keep prices and  profits high. Biologics are some of the most expensive drugs out there.  For example, Humira, the world's top-selling prescription drug, treats  conditions including Crohn's disease and rheumatoid arthritis, and it  can cost up to $50,000 a year for one prescription drug. How many  people do you know who can afford to pay $50,000 a year for their  medication for just one drug?   At least three companies have developed generic versions of the drug,  but they will not be available in the United States until at least  2023. We have at least three companies with a lower cost generic  version that could bring down prices. They will not be available in the  United States until at least 2023. Humira isn't a new drug. It has been  around since 2002.   When we had a hearing in the Finance Committee--and I want to commend  our chairman for doing that and bringing in the top drug company CEOs-- the CEO that puts Humira into the marketplace indicated they have over  130 different patents that protect them from competition. Here we are,  in the middle of a trade agreement, where they are wanting to put  language in concerning the length of patents in order to protect their  position.   By the way, shortly after the President signed the USMCA at the end  of last year, the drug companies decided to begin 2019 with price  increases on more than 250 prescription drugs, including Humira. So  they feel more confident their position is protected; there is not  going to be competition. So what happens? They raise the prices again.   Pharmaceutical companies like to argue that they need special  giveaways--like they got in Medicare Part D and that they are trying to  get in the new U.S.-Mexico-Canada trade agreement--because they invest  so much in research and development. However, it is also true that when  given the opportunity to invest in research and development, many  companies chose, instead, to put more money in the pockets of CEOs and  shareholders rather than using the big tax cut they received to put  more into research and development.   I am a huge supporter of research and development. Most of the  primary, basic research is done by all of us as taxpayers. In fact,  last year, the 500 biggest U.S. companies spent $608 billion on  research and development, which is great. That might sound like a lot,  but they spent $806 billion buying back their own stock to keep the  prices up on the stock. That also makes you wonder why pharmaceutical  companies didn't use their tax giveaway to reduce the cost of  prescription drugs.   The pricing of prescription drugs in this country is the ultimate  example of a rigged system. It is time to come together and unrig it.  That is what we should be doing. Our job is to unrig the system.   First, we need to allow Medicare to harness the bargaining power of  43 million American seniors. One recent poll found that 92 percent of  voters support allowing Medicare to negotiate. Let Medicare negotiate.  That is 92 percent of voters who believe in this.   Second, we need to prevent the pharmaceutical companies from  receiving additional sweet deals that keep drug costs high. I think it  is about time we make a deal that benefits Michigan farmers and  businesses and seniors and working families. That should be our focus.  We should not be in a situation where, time after time, there is  special treatment, protective language that bars the pharmaceutical  industry from negotiating under Medicare or that allows them to protect  their patents longer so they don't have competition from generic drugs  to bring down prices.   Let's unrig this system and address the highest driver, the biggest  driver in raising the costs of healthcare in this country, which is the  cost of prescription drugs. We can do something about that, and we need  to do it soon.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   