 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion.    Mr. Speaker, I am so glad that my colleague from Texas,  Mr. Wright, is well and I am so glad that he could afford the treatment  that he needed.   But we have people suffering from the cost of prescription drugs now,  and intentionally holding up this bill hurts them. We absolutely must  remain the leader in the world in innovation, but the thing is, we can  reduce drug prices and still have money for research.   The money U.S.-based drug companies made in 2015 by charging  Americans high prices was nearly double what was needed to fund their  global R&D. An H.R. 3 uses the savings to reinvest billions in the  research and clinical trials needed to get cures faster.   I am so excited about H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs  Now Act. I am the first pediatrician ever elected to Congress, and  currently the only female doctor here. I am also a patient with type 1  diabetes. My life depends on insulin, so the high cost of prescription  drugs affects me and people like me every day.   I have driven over 7,000 miles this year traversing my district  talking to people about what matters to them. And you know what the  biggest thing is? The cost of prescription drugs. Because it doesn't  matter if you are a Democrat or Republican if you cannot afford your  medication.   I understand this issue both as a doctor and a patient, because it is  not theoretical for me or for my patients. When we talk about the cost  of insulin, I have felt that personally. I have seen the price of my  insulin go from $40 a bottle to $300. That is the price for a bottle  that holds 10 milliliters, 2 teaspoons.   Before being elected to Congress, I worked for nearly 20 years as a  pediatrician in the suburbs of Seattle, just 3 hours from the Canadian  border. Mostly, I sent electronic prescriptions, but when patients  asked for paper ones, I knew it was because they were going to Canada  to fill it. EpiPens are $600 here; $50 there. In Canada, insulin costs  $50.    Right now, we pay three to four times what our colleagues overseas  pay, and that is why we must use the negotiating power of Medicare to  bring prices down. Our districts are alike.  [[Page H10224]]  And we need to take on this out-of-control pricing. The people who sent  us here asked us to do it. Let's deliver today. I encourage my  colleagues to vote ``no'' on this MTR and ``yes'' on H.R. 3.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. Blunt  Rochester), my colleague, a champion of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   