 Mr. President, I am very proud to join with my  colleagues tonight. I thank the Senator from Virginia, the Senator from  New Hampshire, and other colleagues who are here to speak out and talk  about common sense and what is happening and what we believe should be  happening for the American people.   In Michigan, we are building a new bridge, and Canada is paying for  it. That is the truth. Canada is paying for a bridge in Michigan. Here  in Washington, President Trump is demanding walls that he is expecting  American taxpayers to pay for--walls that the majority of experts and  the majority of people do not believe will be effective in keeping us  safe. Meanwhile, in Michigan hundreds of Customs and Border Patrol  officers, who keep us safe every day, are working without pay, and that  is wrong.   The President says we need more security. I support strong border  security, as my colleagues do--strong, effective border security. I  also support economic security for hard-working Michigan families.   Some Federal employees in Michigan, as other colleagues have spoken  about, are wondering how they are going to support their families, pay  their mortgages, and keep the heat on without the paychecks they are  supposed to receive on Friday.  [[Page S55]]    President Trump is talking about a humanitarian crisis. Here is a  humanitarian crisis: 38 million people who depend on food assistance-- the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program--to keep food on their  tables now have to worry that it might suddenly be gone. Most of those  Americans are senior citizens, people with disabilities, and children.  This shutdown fight should not be about politics, but it is. It should  be about people. What is happening here is about people, and the  American people are losing.   One issue we should be able to agree on is the border. We all support  border security. I can't say that enough, and my colleagues say that as  well. I certainly know the importance of border security, as a Member  from a border State--in fact, the State with the most active crossings  at the northern border. The professionals on our northern border keep  us safe every day, and they know what they need to do their jobs. They  will say: It is more resources, more staff, more people. Above all,  they need more technology. What they don't need is a 1st-century  solution to a 21st-century problem. Building a wall on our border is a  little like providing the U.S. Army swords and shields and expecting  them to defend our Nation today.   Unfortunately, this administration is more focused on the merits of  concrete versus steel than actually protecting the American people in a  real and effective way. If our border is a national emergency right  now, then, why hasn't the President spent the hundreds of millions of  dollars that we have already given him in the last year's budget. We  have already allocated dollars for border security--the majority of  which has not been spent.   We all agree that border security is a high priority, and we should  also be able to agree that workers--people working--deserve to be paid,  and they should be able to take care of their families.   I have heard from Michigan workers who can't pay their bills and are  desperately seeking temporary jobs--families who have been left without  health insurance, businesses that contract with the Federal Government,  that know that even if Federal workers get paid back at the end of  this, they will not. There are also thousands of small businesses that  depend on spending by Federal employees to remain open--the dry  cleaner, the neighborhood store, the local restaurant.   This shutdown is also hurting American agriculture. My colleagues  have talked about the fact that at the end of last year, just a few  weeks ago, we passed a strong bipartisan farm bill to help farmers  struggling with low prices, with growing trade concerns, and  unpredictable weather, to say the least.   During these difficult times, our farmers desperately need the  predictability and confidence of a 5-year farm bill. That is what  Senator Roberts and I spoke about every day on the floor of the Senate:  We need to put in place a 5-year farm bill with predictability for farmers in rural communities  and families. However, the President has undermined the certainty that  the farm bill provided by continuing this shutdown at the U.S.  Department of Agriculture.   Every day the USDA is shut down is another day the improvements we  made in the 2018 farm bill are delayed. Local farm service offices all  across Michigan are closed. Farmers can't apply for the loans they  need, as they look to next year. We have dairy farmers in very  desperate situations. We dramatically increased support for them in the  farm bill--a new dairy program--and they need it now. They needed it  yesterday. They needed it last week.   Important crop reports have been halted that farmers need to make  decisions about upcoming planting seasons: What is the market? What are  the prices? And there are all kinds of technical information they need  to plan to move forward. Frankly, the USDA World Development Office is  the economic development arm for every small town in every rural  community in Michigan. Our rural homeowners cannot receive the housing  loans they need to finance their homes and pay their mortgages. There  are so many other ways things have stopped.   We can't forget about our families on food assistance. Thirty-eight  million people are able to put food on their table thanks to the  Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. While we should  certainly do everything we can to ensure that food assistance is  available in the near term--and I appreciate the Department working on  that--our families deserve long-term certainty, especially considering  that nearly 70 percent of those on SNAP are seniors, children, and  people with disabilities. It is unconscionable to risk letting those  most in need go hungry because of the politics of a government  shutdown.   Beyond SNAP, school meals, support for WIC--a very important program  for women, infants, and children--and food for seniors are all at risk  if this continues to go on. Due to the shutdown, local food banks are  no longer receiving funds to distribute and to store food. There are  very real consequences going on. We could go through every single  Department to speak about what is happening to real people and what  will happen if this does not get resolved.   We can disagree about a lot of things. We should be able to agree,  though, that people keeping us safe every day should be paid; that  Federal workers should be able to pay their bills and take care of  their families; that children, seniors, and people with disabilities  shouldn't have to worry about where their next meal is coming from  because of a government shutdown.   It is time for the President to end this. It is very easy. The House  and the Senate now have both passed the appropriations bills on a  bipartisan vote. At the end of last year, we passed it in the Senate.  It was just passed last week in the House. We can repass those bills.  They should go to the President's desk, and this shutdown should end.  He should sign the bipartisan appropriations bills and put the American  people first.   We can and will continue to debate what border security looks like  and how we can be most effective, doing what we all want to see get  done. It is time to stop the shutdown and for the President to sign the  appropriations bills that are bipartisan and make sure the American  people know he is on their side when it comes to what is happening in  the country.   I yield the floor.   