 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I oppose this motion to recommit because,  as written, this motion to recommit would mean that Congress would have  absolutely no say over how this money would be used, and we know full  well that, without restraint, this administration uses funding for  cruelty and chaos.   Madam Speaker, I invite my colleagues to focus on the issues at hand:  children, sleeping on concrete floors; children, some as young as 8  years old, caring for infants; a toddler, 22 months old, soiled and  without a diaper; an outbreak of lice and the flu. This is not a  description of a developing nation. This is happening today, on our  watch, in the United States of America, to children. It is happening in  El Paso, Texas, on the border, our new Ellis Island.   There is no doubt, Madam Speaker, that the increasing number of  families have presented a challenge at our front door. There is no  doubt that the most vulnerable among us, especially those children in  U.S. custody, are suffering in misery. But there is also no doubt that  draconian hard-line policies, focused on detention only, have turned  this challenge into a crisis.   We must do something, and we must do something now. And today, we  can. Today, we can vote on a border supplemental that allows processing  facilities to buy things like food, water, and blankets. It boosts  funding for legal assistance for migrants. It funds the necessary work  of stabilizing Central America in an effort to address the root cause  of migration. It gives Congress the tools for more oversight over  facilities like those in Clint, Texas, which have shocked the Nation.  It helps ease the burden on overwhelmed Border Patrol agents and  Customs officers, who will be one step closer to getting back to the  job that they were trained to do. It reimburses communities and  nonprofits that have shouldered the burden for too long. And it  provides badly needed funding to HHS: money to get those children out  of those facilities and into more humane care.   I can assure you, gentlemen, this is not a laughing matter for this  side of the House.   And thanks to appropriators who know how concerned we are about these  hard-line policies that turn a challenge into a crisis. They have  placed guardrails in this bill, unlike this motion to recommit, in  order to prohibit funding from going to any activity not prescribed by  Congress, like conducting immigration raids that terrorize our  communities.   Will this appropriations bill solve every problem or address every  concern? Of course, it won't.   Do we have much work to do? Of course, we do. And many of us have  pieces of legislation and reform that we would love for you to join us  in working on.   But today, this vote is not about solving every single problem, nor  can it be.   Vote ``no'' on this motion to recommit and vote ``yes'' on the  supplemental.   