 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my  amendment offered to H.R. 1585, the Violence Against Women  Reauthorization Act of 2019.   My amendment will ensure that a tenant who is a victim of domestic  violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking is able to apply  for an emergency transfer to another available and safe dwelling unit  assisted under a covered housing program. The covered housing provider  shall grant such application.   This amendment has also been scored by the Congressional Budget  Office to have no effect on direct spending or revenues.   In my home State of Texas and my city of Dallas, we are,  unfortunately, deeply familiar with the tragedies involved in domestic  violence. Families have been broken apart and people have lost their  lives to the scourge of domestic violence.   We have the duty to do more to protect these people. Therefore, it is  necessary for us to make clear the distinction in law, the difference  between internal and external transfers. Though it may sound trivial,  this amendment is crucial to providing victims of domestic violence a  sense of safety, security, and dignity.   As representatives of Americans from all corners of our country, we  know that this problem is not unique to any one part of our Nation. It  is widespread and engrossing, and our response to it must also measure  up to the significance of the challenge.   Americans today are in need of protections and assistance to recover  from domestic violence. They need these protections to return to full  and prosperous lives.   By voting in favor of this amendment, Congress is upholding our  sacred obligation to protect the millions of victims and survivors who  need and deserve our wholehearted, full support.   As co-chair of the Congressional Homeless Caucus, I have worked on  housing issues for a long time. I am appreciative of my colleagues on  the Judiciary and Financial Services Committees for their partnership  in strengthening the housing protections in this Violence Against Women  Reauthorization Act of 2019.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I simply urge adoption of this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   