 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I am proud to be offering this  amendment to prohibit the Census Bureau from sharing the data it  collects with other Federal agencies, along with my colleague  Congressman  [[Page H4893]]  Cisneros. We do this by requiring the Census Bureau to uphold its  statutory confidentiality obligations.   The White House is trying to silence immigrant families and make them  afraid to participate in the Census.   If the Supreme Court doesn't strike down the citizenship question-- and, sadly, it appears they may not--immigrant families in districts  like mine may choose not to participate, afraid that their citizenship  status will be shared with ICE. That means my State will receive less  representation in Congress, and New Yorkers will be left without a  voice in the Halls of Congress, as well as the commensurate Federal  funding we will need to adequately deal with the actual population that  has been undercounted.   The Constitution says the Census is supposed to be a complete  enumeration. That means each and every person is supposed to be  counted. However, it is clear that the White House's citizenship  question is a blatant attempt to undercount immigrant families and  exclude them from our democracy.   We also know the Census has a history of violating its statutory  obligation not to share personal data. During World War II, ancestry  information was used to identify Japanese Americans for internment. And  just last June, a DOJ attorney suggested in an email that the  Department should not say too much to Congress in regards to the  confidentiality of Census responses in case the issue ``comes up for  renewed debate.''   That is unacceptable. Census responses must be kept confidential,  period, full stop. And if my amendment passes, during the FY 2020, no  funds will be spent to violate the law and share Census information  with ICE, law enforcement, or other Federal agencies.   The White House's citizenship question is a blatant attempt to  undercount immigrant families and exclude them from our democracy. This  body must stand up and say no.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I hope that what my colleague  has said on the other side of the aisle is true, and I am happy to hear  him stand shoulder to shoulder with this side of the aisle to say that  anyone in violation of this will have to stand the consequences.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   