 Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ms. Scanlon, I have an  amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer this amendment sponsored today by my  friend and neighbor, Ms. Scanlon from Pennsylvania. This commonsense  amendment has two parts.   First, it would require pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, to pass  discounts on drugs through to State Medicaid programs. PBMs are an  important part of our drug pricing system, but Republicans and  Democrats alike agree on the need for PBM reform. This provision is a  feature of the Senate's bipartisan drug pricing bill.   According to the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services,  Pennsylvania taxpayers paid $2.86 billion to PBMs for Medicaid  enrollees in 2017. That is a 100 percent increase over 4 years. Under  current law, PBMs can bill Medicaid one price for a drug, reimburse the  pharmacy at a lower price, and profit, as a result, millions from the  difference.   This amendment would stop that practice from Medicaid plans and  simply require PBMs to pass along any discounts they get from  pharmaceutical companies to the State's Medicaid program.   The amendment also requires pharmacies to participate in the CMS  survey of acquisition costs for drugs so that States, consumers, and  lawmakers alike all can have greater transparency into what these  prescription drugs should cost.   Again, this is a feature of the Republican drug pricing proposals  included in Mr. Walden's proposal, and it is all about increasing  transparency into costs, especially PBM pricing.   Lastly, this amendment invests in NIH research for new cures and  treatments, especially for high-need conditions.   I am a proud cosponsor of my friend Ms. Sherrill's Biomedical  Innovation Expansion Act, which would invest $10 billion over 10 years  in the NIH. As an engineer and former chemistry teacher, I know how  important both basic and applied research is to advancing science and  medicine. I am very pleased that this bill builds off Ms. Sherrill's  legislation and establishes a pilot program at NIH that provides  additional funding for clinical trials.   This stage of development is often costly and complicated, and this  amendment would provide $900 million to this important program. With  this investment, we are boosting support for an initiative that will  assist the development of new cures and treatments.   Mr. Chairman, for our Medicaid beneficiaries, for the patient out  there right now with a condition that has no cure, I ask that my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle support this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I stand here in strong support of Ms.  Scanlon's amendment to H.R. 3 and in strong support of H.R. 3, as well.   I can say, as a freshman Member of this delegation and this Congress,  the number one thing that all of our constituents ask of us each and  every day is to address this issue of prescription drug pricing and  transparency into that process.   This bill and the underlying amendment therein support and affirm  both those things. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this bill and its underlying amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   