 Mr. President, two weeks ago, the Senate broke a century  of precedent and confirmed a judge, Eric Miller, to the Ninth Circuit  over the objection of both home State Senators.   Last week, the majority leader filed cloture on two circuit court  nominees, Paul Matey for the Third Circuit and Neomi Rao to replace  Brett Kavanaugh in the DC Circuit.   Yesterday, Paul Matey became the second person in Senate history,  after Eric Miller, to be confirmed without blue slips from both home  State Senators. By eliminating the blue slip--a century-old policy that  requires meaningful consultation between the President and home State  Senators on judicial nominations--Senate Republicans have been able to  speed through confirming partisan judges with strong ideological  perspectives and agendas.   Donald Trump appointed 30 circuit court judges in his first 2 years  in office. That is 17 percent of the Federal appellate bench. By  contrast, President Obama appointed only 16 circuit court judges in his  first 2 years in office, and President George Bush appointed 17.   Donald Trump and the majority leader, with the help of the chair of  the Judiciary Committee, are breaking nearly every rule that stands in  their way to stack, at breakneck speed, the Federal courts with deeply  partisan and ideological judges.   And why are they doing this? They are packing the courts to achieve,  through the courts, what they haven't been able to accomplish through  legislation or executive action--undermining Roe v. Wade, dismantling  the Affordable Care Act, eliminating protections for workers, women,  minorities, LGBTQ individuals, immigrants, and the environment.   The courts, with non-Trump judges, have been the constitutional  guardrails stopping the Trump administration's deeply questionable  policies and decisions, such as separating immigrant children from  their parents, summarily ending DACA protections, and asking whether  census respondents are U.S. citizens. All of these administration  decisions have been stopped, for now, by Federal judges.   Trump's judicial nominees have extensive records of advocating for  rightwing, ideologically-driven causes. In fact, these records are the  reasons they are being nominated in the first place.   The nominees tell us to ignore their records and trust them when they  say they will follow precedent and rule impartially, but after they are  confirmed as judges, they can ignore promises made under oath during  their confirmation hearing because they can. Short of impeaching these  judges, there is nothing we can do about it--great for them, not great  for Americans.   By the way, the average Trump judge tends to be younger, less  diverse, and less experienced. They will be making rules that affect  our lives for decades.   This week we are considering yet another Trump nominee, Neomi Rao,  who should make us seriously ask how far the majority leader is willing  to go to let Donald Trump pack the courts with extreme nominees and  undermine the independence and impartiality of the Federal judiciary.   Neomi Rao is a nominee who has not only expressed offensive and  controversial views in her twenties, but she has also continued to make  concerning statements as a law professor. Her recent actions as Donald  Trump's Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory  Affairs, OIRA, have shown that her controversial statements in her  twenties cannot be ignored as merely youthful indiscretions.   At the hearing, I asked her why, as a law professor, she defended  dwarf-tossing by arguing that a ban on dwarf-tossing ``coerces  individuals'' to accept a societal view of dignity that negates the  dignity of an individual's choice to be tossed.   Does she seriously believe that dwarfs who are tossed do not share a  societal view of dignity that being tossed is an affront to human  dignity?   Ms. Rao asserted that she was only talking about a particular case  and not taking a position one way or another on these issues. It is  hard to understand what distinction she is making, but describing a ban  on dwarf-tossing as not coercion is bizarre, especially coming from  someone who purports to worry about the dignitary harm caused by  affirmative action or diversity in education programs.  [[Page S1811]]    When I asked her about the strong ideological perspectives reflected  in her writings and public statements, she claimed that she ``come[s]  here to this committee with no agenda and no ideology and [she] would  strive, if [she] were confirmed, to follow the law in every case.''   Ms. Rao would have us ignore all of her controversial statements and  positions and simply trust her blanket assertion that she has no agenda  or ideology. In this, she is like the other Trump judicial nominees.   As a college student, Ms. Rao criticized environmental student groups  for focusing on ``three major environmental boogymen, the greenhouse  effect, the depleting ozone layer, and the dangers of acid rain . . .  though all three theories have come under serious scientific attack.''   More than two decades later, Ms. Rao demonstrated the same disregard  for environmental concerns as the Administrator of the Office of  Information and Regulatory Affairs, OIRA. In this position she has  consistently used her power and influence to strip away critical  protections for clean air and clean water. For example, Ms. Rao  supported efforts to replace the Clean Power Plan, which would have  reduced greenhouse gas emissions with a rule that would actually  increase air pollution and could lead to up to 1,400 additional  premature deaths.   Her claim that she would simply follow precedent is also contradicted  by her statements and positions relating to racial injustice. In her  twenties, while discussing the Yale Women's Center and what she called  ``cultural awareness groups,'' she argued that ``[m]yths of sexual and  racial oppression propogate [sic] themselves, create hysteria and  finally lead to the formation of some whining new group.''   I just wonder, what are these whining new groups that she refers to?  Could it be women who want to support programs that support women?   In 2015, as a law professor, she disparagingly described the Supreme  Court case that reaffirmed the Fair Housing Act's protections against  disparate impact discrimination as a ``rul[ing] by talking points,''  not law.   In Texas Department of Housing v. Inclusive Communities Project, the  Supreme Court recognized that the disparate impact doctrine is an  important way ``to counteract unconscious prejudices and disguised  animus'' based on a policy's discriminatory effects. Despite the  Supreme Court precedent, when Ms. Rao became the OIRA Administrator,  she began working to weaken rules protecting against disparate impact  discrimination--upheld by the Supreme Court, by the way--particularly  in the area of housing.   Her writings and actions related to sexual assault and rape are  another reason we should be hesitant to believe her claim that she will  merely follow the law free of her strongly held ideological views. In  her twenties, Ms. Rao repeatedly wrote offensive statements about date  rape and sexual assault that disparaged survivors. In writing about  date rape, she argued that if a woman ``drinks to the point where she  can no longer choose, well, getting to that point was part of her  choice.''   In criticizing the feminist movement, she asserted she was ``not  arguing that date rape victims ask for it'' but then argued that ``when  playing the modern dating game, women have to understand and accept the  consequences of their sexuality.''   At her hearing and in a subsequent letter to this Committee, Ms. Rao  tried to walk away from these offensive writings, stating that she  ``regret[s]'' some of them and believes ``[v]ictims should not be  blamed.'' But at the hearing she continued to insist that her prior  controversial statements were ``only trying to make the commonsense  observation about the relationship between drinking and becoming a  victim.'' That is not how her statements came across.   She seems to acknowledge that by further claiming that if she were  addressing campus sexual assault and rape now, she ``would have more  empathy and perspective.'' That claim rings hollow, as she only  recently oversaw the Trump administration's proposed title IX rule that  would make it harder for college sexual assault survivors to come  forward and obtain justice.   Among other things, the proposed rule would require schools to  conduct a live hearing where the accused's representatives can cross- examine the survivor. It would also have the school use a higher burden  of proof for sexual misconduct cases than for other misconduct cases.   I will close by noting that Ms. Rao previously criticized the Senate  Judiciary Committee's confirmation hearings for judicial nominees. In  writing about the Supreme Court confirmation process, she complained  that nominees are ``coached to choose from certain stock answers,''  such as ``repeatedly alleg[ing] fidelity to the law.''   Back then she readily acknowledged that ``judges draw on a variety of  tools in interpreting the law, and that these tools differ for judges  based on their constitutional values.'' But now that she has been  nominated to become a judge, she is the one giving the Judiciary  Committee the formulaic ``stock answers'' that she criticized.   Before she became a judicial nominee, she indicated that nominees  should not be confirmed ``based on incantations of the right formulas  without an examination of their actual beliefs.'' We should hold her to  her own words.   An examination of Ms. Rao's record and actual beliefs show that the  controversial views she held in her twenties are not so different from  her statements and actions as a legal professional. That is why I will  be voting against Ms. Rao's nomination, and I strongly urge my  colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   