 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Maine for  organizing this.   Madam Speaker, right now, millions of Americans all across this  country are struggling, and they are uncertain about the future because  of a government shutdown.   Federal employees, government contractors and their families, they  are all hurting. Small businesses, nonprofits, State and local  governments, they are feeling the pain, and they know they cannot count  on Congress and the Federal Government as a reliable partner.   So who is at fault for this irresponsible, negligent, and dangerous  shutdown? President Trump and the Republicans.   They are demanding a wall, a wall the Republican majority refused to  fund for 2 years, and they are willing to inflict pain on millions of  Americans, damage our economy, and put our Nation at risk to get their  way, all so the President can keep a campaign promise.   Mr. Trump and the Republicans in Congress have taken 800,000 Federal  workers hostage, and for them to get back to work and get paid, the  ransom demand is Trump's wall.   Last week, I met with over 40 Federal employees, air traffic  controllers, TSA agents, prison guards, all forced to work without pay.  I met with Federal workers from HUD, and the IRS, and the Agriculture  Department, who are furloughed and without pay. They are struggling.  They feel betrayed by their government. They feel betrayed by their  President.   Tomorrow, these valued workers will miss their second paycheck. They  are hurting. They feel desperate. Their families are hurting, and they  feel afraid. They are being treated like pawns by this President, and  it is just outright cruel.   House Democrats have passed appropriation bills 10 times to fund and  immediately open the government, but Republicans keep voting ``no.''   It is time for Congress and Democrats to vote to open the government  and to end this shutdown. Then we can negotiate the details of  comprehensive border security and immigration reform with the  government open.   Every Federal worker, on the job or at home, I want you to know, you  are valued for your service and your contribution to the safety and  security and to the success of our Nation. You deserve to be treated  with respect. You deserve to get paid immediately.   And the one way that we can collectively thank them for their service  is to open the government now.   