 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment requires the Department of  Health and Human Services to submit to Congress a report on the extent  to which increases on prescription drug prices may have caused Medicare  beneficiaries to forego recommended treatment, including failing to  fill their prescriptions.   Drug prices have increased significantly over the past year. The  Center for American Progress reported that nearly 30 drug companies  announced last year that price increases will take effect in January.   Pfizer alone announced that it would raise the prices of 41 different  drugs. Critical medications, including insulin and opioid addiction  treatments, have already seen dramatic price increases this year.   These price increases are taking a toll on patients. The Kaiser  Family Foundation reported that among those currently taking  prescription drugs, 24 percent of adults and 23 percent of seniors say  it is difficult to afford their prescription drugs. This includes about  one in ten respondents who say it is very difficult.   The Kaiser Family Foundation also found that certain groups are much  more likely to report difficulty affording medication, including those  who are spending $100 or more a month on their prescriptions, that is  58 percent; those who report being in fair or poor health, about 49  percent; those who take four or more prescription drugs, 35 percent;  and those with incomes less  [[Page H3886]]  than $40,000 per year, representing 35 percent.   Furthermore, 29 percent of all adults report not taking their  medicines as prescribed at some point in the past year because of the  cost, and 8 percent say their condition got worse as a result of not  taking their prescriptions as recommended.   Needless to say, when Medicare beneficiaries cannot afford their  medications, their health will suffer.   My amendment requires HHS to study the impact of increases in  prescription drug prices on Medicare beneficiaries and their health.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, we have had extensive discussions  throughout this Congress about the plight of those who cannot afford  prescription drugs.   We know what the statistics are. We know the harm that is being  caused to families, and we know that there are preventable deaths if,  in fact, people could afford their prescription drugs.   And so I would expect all of the Members of the House of  Representatives, knowing this information, understanding all of the  research that has been done, the data that has been collected, to  simply support this amendment in order to save lives.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   