 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, Mr.  Woodall, for yielding. I miss our time together on the Rules Committee.  I look forward to a Rules Committee under majority leadership in the  near future, and we would like to have Mr. Woodall back. I thank him  for all of his great service to our Nation and to this institution.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, we will amend the  rule and begin immediate consideration of the 2020 National Defense  Authorization Act. I urge the House to move forward on this measure and  give our men and women in uniform the resources they deserve and tools  they need to defend all of us.   As matters stand, Mr. Speaker, we are facing a grave situation.  Combining the already delayed NDAA with the most recent continuing  resolution is bad enough. But further delay on this defense bill,  combined with the potential of yet one more continuing resolution,  that, Mr. Speaker, is a national security nightmare.   Timely, stable, adequate funding is a prerequisite for a strong  military. It is the first step toward ensuring the security of each and  every American. That is why, Mr. Speaker, it is vital that we, as a  body, fulfill this, our most important constitutional duty, which is to  provide for the common defense. If we fail to do so, nothing else we do  in this body will matter.   If this Chamber fails to do so, Mr. Speaker, make no mistake, the  Democrats will be held to account. The partisan tactics and the  baseless impeachment exercises we have seen will be to blame. Speaker  Pelosi's leadership has cast a cloud over the defense authorization and  appropriations processes in this body.   In July, Mr. Speaker, the House voted on a hyperpartisan defense bill  on an unprecedented party-line basis. This legislation was loaded with  poison pills, but it did not have to be this way. The Senate passed its  bill on a bipartisan basis, carrying on a decades-long tradition.   Then, as if this partisanship on the defense bill wasn't enough,  Democrats decided to begin a closed-door impeachment inquiry, an  inquiry which has served only to distract and delay the NDAA process  further.   Not only that, Mr. Speaker, but the Democrats have hijacked the  Intelligence Committee, one of the single most important committees in  this body responsible for the security of this Nation. They have  hijacked it with an impeachment process that we have now seen as an  absolute and clear waste of valuable time, with huge costs to the  American people.   Think for a moment about the sacrifices our men and women in uniform  are making right now, as I speak. Our troops are hunting down ISIS and  al-Qaida terrorists; they are deterring rogue regimes; and they are  working with vital allies around the world. They are securing the  freedom of millions of Americans.   Ensuring their ability to do so is not a matter for partisan tactics  or delay. Protecting our men and women on the front lines should be  Congress' first priority. Unfortunately, our men and women in uniform  are, once again, being held hostage in order for the Democrats to chase  an impeachment fantasy.   The fact is that our adversaries are not pressing pause. China and  Russia are developing hypersonic strike weapons, modernizing their  nuclear forces, advancing their air and missile defenses, and  increasingly making advances in emerging technologies such as  artificial intelligence.   These threats will not go away. In fact, the longer our national  security is subject to partisan distractions, the harder it will become  for America to match and overpower these threats.   When Democrats choose partisanship over providing for our Nation's  security, as they have since this Congress was sworn in, they are  helping the Chinese, the Russians, rogue regimes, and terrorist groups.  The American people will hold the Democrats accountable for their gross  neglect of our constitutional obligations.   Mr. Speaker, we must act now to pass a bipartisan NDAA to support our  troops and to strengthen our security.   