 Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to three  great patriots, three inspiring women, from the town of Freeport, ME.  Their names are Elaine Greene, Carmen Footer, and JoAnn Miller. They  are known by our men and women in uniform, veterans, and grateful  citizens throughout America as the Freeport Flag Ladies.   On September 11, 2001, an act of terror transformed a beautiful  Tuesday morning into a day of unfathomable horror. Three days later,  President Bush asked grief-stricken Americans to step outside their  homes with lighted candles in memory of the heroes of 9/11 and of the  nearly 3,000 innocent men, women, and children who perished.   Living on a secluded road, Elaine, Carmen, and JoAnn instead took  their candles and an American flag to busy Main Street. Their location  quickly began a rallying point for all of Freeport, the site of a  spontaneous, heartfelt memorial service.   Then they did something even more remarkable. They made a promise to  stand with their flags on Main Street each and every Tuesday morning  between the hours of 8 and 9, to mark the day and time of the attacks.   This coming September 11th will be their final vigil. When that day  comes, they will have kept their promise for more than 900 consecutive  Tuesdays, in rain, sleet, and snow, in bitter cold and in blistering  heat. Carmen, the youngest of the three at 74, says their  ``retirement'' is due solely to the fact that ``Age wins, all the  time.''   For the past 4 years, the Freeport Flag Ladies have been joined each  Tuesday by Darlene Jolly and frequently by Elaine's sister, Amy Gove.   They have kept their promise, and they have done so much more. From  2002 to 2016, they spearheaded a wonderful 9/11 tribute in Freeport.  They have regularly made the long drive to Bangor International  Airport, to join the legendary Maine Troop Greeters, and to Pease  International Airport in New Hampshire, to meet the members of our  Armed Forces as they head overseas or return home. They have greeted  thousands of soldiers, and they are remembered by them all.   They have made a special effort to reach out to those who serve our  country and to their families. Thousands of photographs of outbound  troops have been sent back home, and families receive a weekly message.  They have sent packages of games, magazines, and food to troops  overseas. Parcels to combat support hospitals contain clothing and  special pillows to make the transport of wounded soldiers more  comfortable. They have funded these amazing efforts themselves, with  yard sales, growing and selling ``Flowers for Freedom,'' and donations.   Describing what Elaine Greene, Carmen Footer, and JoAnn Miller have  done falls far short of putting into words what the Freeport Flag  Ladies mean to our country. Perhaps the best words were spoken by  Elaine: ``Freedom shines on America, so let us shine for America.'' The  Freeport Flag Ladies shine brightly, and their light will continue to  inspire us all. Their prayer to be of service was answered with a  mission to commemorate, to honor, and to remember. They are among those  throughout our Nation who transformed one of America's darkest days  into one of our finest hours.   