 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 4920, the Department of Veterans Affairs Contracting Preference  Consistency Act.   This bipartisan bill provides a necessary fix to ensure that  nonprofit organizations that provide jobs for the blind and those with  significant disabilities and companies that are owned by veterans  receive their due and are no longer in conflict.   The AbilityOne Program was enacted by Congress to give nonprofit  organizations that employ the blind or those with significant  disabilities preferential treatment in competing for certain Federal  procurement contracts. Unfortunately, due to an unnecessary conflict  between AbilityOne and a similar program, the Veterans First program,  which sets aside some Department of Veterans Affairs contracts for  service-disabled, veteran-owned small businesses, a legislative fix  became necessary.   H.R. 4920 provides that fix by grandfathering in VA contracts that  predate the creation of the Vets First program to restore eligibility  for nonprofit organizations that employ blind individuals or those with  significant disabilities. This bipartisan legislation is proof that the  choices between helping veterans and those with disabilities is not  mutually exclusive.   I thank Chairman Takano, Ranking Member Roe, and all the members on  the committee for their work on the bill, and I urge my colleagues to  support its passage.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   I rise in support of our bill, one that now awaits a final vote in  Congress before it heads to the President's desk.   I thank Representative   Jimmy Gomez for helping author this piece of  legislation, the Grant Reporting Efficiency and Agreements Transparency  Act, or GREAT Act. Representative Gomez has been a tremendous partner  on this bipartisan, bicameral bill to create more transparency,  efficiency, and accountability in the Federal grant reporting process,  and I thank him for his hard work.   Mr. Speaker, according to USAspending.gov, in 2019, the Federal  Government awarded $764.9 billion in grants funding to State agencies,  local and Tribal governments, agencies, nonprofits, universities, and  other organizations. Roughly translated, this equates to the gross  domestic product of Switzerland--or more than the GDP of every country  outside the G20.   Within our Federal Government, there are 26 agencies awarding Federal  grants, and all of them continue to rely on outdated, burdensome,  document-based forms to collect and track grant dollars. Society has  moved into a new age of information and technology, and it is time that  our government follow suit.   The GREAT Act represents bipartisan legislation to modernize the  Federal grant reporting process. It would do so by mandating a  standardized data structure for information that recipients report to  Federal agencies. Unless the reporting requirements for Federal grants  are searchable, the auditing process will continue to yield waste and  inefficiency at best and, potentially, fraud and abuse at worst.   Adopting a governmentwide open data structure for all the information  grantees report will alleviate compliance burden, provide instant  insights for grantor agencies and Congress, and enable easy access to  data for oversight, analytics, and program evaluation.   Digitizing and, therefore, automating the reporting process would  have a twofold effect:   First, it would allow greater scrutiny of how the money is being  spent.   Second, it allows grantees to maximize every dollar they receive from  the government to ensure it goes back into communities, supporting  local businesses, organizations, and education.   Lastly, the GREAT Act has received a broad breadth of support from an  array of good government groups and associations within the grant  recipient community.   The coalition endorsing the GREAT Act includes the Association of  Government Accountants, the Bipartisan Policy Center, the American  Library Association, the Data Coalition, the Grant Professionals  Association, the Native American Finance Officers Association, and the  Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition.   In order to fix the way Federal grants are reported, we must move  from a document-centric reporting system to a data superhighway. I urge  my colleagues in the House and the Senate to support the GREAT Act and  bring grant reporting into the 21st century.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, our current post-award grant reporting process is a  cumbersome, document-based process. It burdens administrators and grant  recipients. It hinders agencies in their ability to manage grant  programs and conduct performance evaluations.   These problems are exacerbated for those conducting governmentwide  and congressional oversight work, but that comes to an end today if we  pass this bill. As I said earlier, this week's vote on the GREAT Act is  the legislation's final stop in Congress before it heads to the  President's desk.   In addition to thanking Representative Gomez, I thank Senators  Lankford and Peters and their staffs for their tireless work this  Congress. Put simply, we could not have gotten this important  legislation through Congress without their sponsorship of the Senate  companion bill and their advocacy throughout this process.   Further, I thank my House bill's original cosponsors for their work  on this bipartisan achievement: Congressman Gomez, Congressman Walker,  Congressman Quigley, Congressman DesJarlais, Congresswoman Robin Kelly,  Congressman Palmer, and Congressman Kilmer.   Again, Mr. Speaker, the fragmented, decentralized, and redundant  grant reporting structure ends this week.   Instead, we usher in a new age, one that moves this government  spending from Document Street to a data superhighway with the passage  of this legislation. When we do, it will mark a great moment not just  for our Nation's grant recipients and those working for the common good  but, ultimately, the American taxpayer.   The transparency, accountability, and efficiencies that this  legislation is bound to produce are ultimately intended for them. I  proudly ask that my colleagues support this bipartisan legislation, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   