 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  North Carolina for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I have to agree with my colleagues today. This is not  the bill that the House approved or that has everything that we have  worked on our subcommittee to get into law to help fund those programs  that are so vital to families at home and across this country, but we  are here today trying to get the Senate to accept ``yes'' for an  answer, because what is critical is that we reopen government.   President Trump is holding 800,000 Federal employees hostage, and  that ripples out to millions of Americans who rely on government not  just for a paycheck, but for those critical services, whether they are  border security or TSA agents, the FBI, food programs, or vital housing  and transportation services.   Specifically, the Federal Housing Administration has stopped  processing loans and mortgage approvals, putting families trying to buy  a new home or refinance an FHA-insured mortgage into financial limbo.   I heard a story of one woman who is battling cancer. She has not been  able to earn an income, and refinancing her home was the key way that  she could continue to have this battle and get the treatments that she  needs and give her family the money to survive and meet their basic  needs. With the closing of FHA, she is unable to get those documents  and be able to refinance her house.   This shutdown is also threatening to destabilize more than 4 million  households that depend on HUD's rental assistance programs.   The phones are ringing off the hook in my office in D.C. and back  home in Massachusetts. We heard just this week from a retired Federal  employee from Natick who called because she lives in affordable housing  and is required to prove her income to renew her lease.    Mr. Speaker, she cannot obtain the  statement from OPM regarding her pension right now because they are  closed. This jeopardizes her living situation.   We must reopen government and then resolve our differences about how  we address border security. Passage of this bill is a critical first  step.   