 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his leadership in bringing this amendment to the floor.   It is very important for us to quantify just what this means as you  require the agency to detail the effects of exports and projects  financed by the agency on American jobs in energy and related fields  and industries. This energy issue is an essential issue to so much of  what commerce is about, especially in relationship to China as we are  discussing that today.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the reauthorization of the  Export-Import Bank, which, for nearly a century, has been a force for  creating jobs, strengthening small businesses, and advancing America's  entrepreneurship and ingenuity in the world.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her extraordinary  leadership. She has been relentless and persistent in working on this  legislation, after a lifetime commitment to creating good-paying jobs  and powering growth that lifts up all communities. We are blessed that  she is in the position that she is in as chair of the Financial  Services Committee, having the authority and the authorization power  over the Ex-Im Bank.   When I was on the Appropriations Committee, I chaired the State,  Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee, which funded the  Ex-Im Bank, so I know well the good work that the Ex-Im Bank does,  especially reaching down into communities and small businesses and  suppliers across the country.   Let me just say this about China. Mr. McHenry and I share some  similar views on this subject, but I don't think that we should be  taking the view of--I can immodestly say, as I said to my colleagues  yesterday, I take second place to no one in this Congress in  criticizing China for their human rights violations, whether it is what  they are doing in Hong Kong now, antidemocratic actions; what they are  doing to Uyghurs, the Muslims, 1 million, 2 million, 3 million, who  knows how many people put into education camps and then putting other  people in the homes of the people whom they have put into the camps--it  is against humanity--what they are doing to undermine the culture of  Tibet, whether it is the religion, the language, the culture of Tibet  to resettle Hans there to dilute the Tibetan culture; whether it is  what is going on all throughout China: jailing journalists, human  rights lawyers, Christians, democracy activists throughout the  mainland.   So that is something that I have fought with China for 30 years. I  have also fought them on their trade policies for 30 years, as well,  all of this since Tiananmen Square.   When we first started this fight, we had a trade deficit with China  of $5 billion a year, which I thought would be useful in trying to  improve the human rights situation, freeing the prisoners of Tiananmen  Square, gaining access to their markets, stopping their privacy of  intellectual property and stopping their proliferation of technologies  that could be used in weapons of mass destruction to world countries.   $5 billion a year, oh, they would never want to give that up. We  could get concessions. But the powers that be and corporate America and  all demanded that, no, we couldn't do that. If we just had peaceful  evolution, that would lead to all this democratization and fairness in  trade and stopping hostile activities regarding weapons of mass  destruction and the rest.   It didn't, and here we are 30 years later. We won every vote in the  House. We couldn't override vetoes of Democratic and Republican  Presidents. I put it at both doorsteps.   Here we are 30 years later. The trade deficit is not $5 billion a  year anymore; it is more than $5 billion a week--a week.   So I share your concerns about human rights and other policies with  regard to China, but we cannot let China's inhumanity and cruelty take  a toll on America's small businesses and our economic opportunities.   And so, as I say, I established those credentials to brag because I  was right, but also to say I work with China on issues that relate to  energy and climate and the rest of that because they are big players in  that.   It is very disappointing because, as I have said, if, for commercial  purposes, we decide to ignore the human rights violations perpetrated  by China, we lose all moral authority to challenge anyone anyplace.    And so we continue to challenge them, but we cannot empower them to  hurt our economy. And that is exactly what we would do today if we were  to reject this reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank because of China.   I salute those who have put amendments forward providing financing.  The Bank will not provide financing for any individual sanctioned for  human rights and free speech violations, including in China and  including Hong Kong, or provide financing for those sanctions for  opioid trafficking, human trafficking, or sex trafficking.   So I thank Chair Waters for that, and I congratulate Congresswoman  Torres Small, Congressman McAdams, Congressman Rose, and Congressman  Lamb for their leadership  [[Page H8890]]  on so many pieces of improving this legislation.   But I do urge our colleagues to recognize what President Reagan said.  The Export-Import Bank ``creates and sustains jobs for millions of  American workers and contributes to the growth and strength of the  United States economy. The Export-Import Bank contributes in a  significant way to our Nation. . . .''--Ronald Reagan.   This legislation ensures that the Ex-Im Bank can continue to  contribute to our Nation's strength in a way that is good for American  workers, American businesses, and our values. I urge a strong  bipartisan vote.   I again commend the chairwoman for her extraordinary leadership in  getting us to this point and associate myself with some of the concerns  that Mr. McHenry has put forth.   