 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, Donald Trump and the hawks in his  administration are fueling a dangerous escalation with Iran, and  instead of taking responsibility for this escalation, the President is  once again blaming others for a crisis of his own making.   Adding to the confusion and concern is the President's penchant for  using his Twitter account or an outburst from the Oval Office to jump  between calling for restraint and embracing a potential war.   Instead of listening to the President's latest outbursts or  dissecting his latest tweet, let's take a hard look at what he has done  to bring us to this dangerous moment.   In May 2018, Trump followed the lead of the hawks in his  administration and unilaterally--unilaterally--pulled out of the Joint  Comprehensive Plan of Action, the JCPOA, breaking the agreement and  leaving its other signatories, especially our allies in Europe, holding  the bag.   Only a few weeks earlier, Jim Mattis, the President's own Secretary  of Defense, told the Senate Armed Services Committee, on which I sit,  that the agreement was working as intended and had been written with an  assumption that Iran would try to cheat. He went on to note that while  the deal was imperfect, it established a strong verification and  inspection regime that Iran was complying with the agreement.   I continue to agree with Secretary Mattis's conclusions. The purpose  of the JCPOA was to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon  within a 2- to 3-month timeframe. That is the kind of timeframe we were  looking at. The JCPOA was not intended to cover Iran's ballistic  missile program or its malign activities throughout the region.   What the JCPOA did accomplish, however, was lengthening Iran's  nuclear breakout capacity from 3 months to 1 year. It included strong  limitations on enrichment, redesigned and rebuilt the Arak heavy water  reactor so it can only be used for peaceful-use research purposes and  not for the enrichment of weapons-grade plutonium, and required Iran to  ship all spent nuclear fuel out of the country.   The agreement also included a binding commitment from Iran to never  pursue a nuclear weapons program. That is in the very beginning part of  the JCPOA document. This commitment necessitated a continuous  inspection regime by the International Atomic Energy Agency, IAEA.   Further, the agreement included provisions that would see the  international community reimpose sanctions automatically--the  snapback--if Iran was violating the deal.   Instead of building upon the JCPOA to address Iran's other malign  activities, Donald Trump threw out all the benefits of the deal, took  on an enormous risk, and isolated the United States in the process.   In early April, the President took the unprecedented step of  designating the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the IRGC, a foreign  terrorist organization. He designated the IRGC as a foreign terrorist  organization. That was an unprecedented step, overruling the Chairman  of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dunford, in the process. General  Dunford argued that this first-of-its-kind step would put American  troops in the region at risk for retaliation. He was right.   Later that month, Donald Trump rescinded waivers granted to key  American allies, such as Japan and India, to purchase Iranian oil,  effectively strangling the Iranian economy in the process. Over the  past few months, the administration has sent thousands of additional  troops and a carrier strike group to the Persian Gulf.   These actions, taken unilaterally, have isolated the United States  from our allies, encouraged Iran to stop complying with elements of the  nuclear deal and to step up their aggressive actions in the region, and  brought us to the dangerous precipice of war.  [[Page S4544]]    Although the President made the eleventh-hour decision--actually, 10  minutes before a strike--to call off a military response to Iran's  downing of an Air Force drone, the fact that we got so close to a  military strike is chilling, given the implications of igniting an open  war with Iran.   We have learned to our peril over the past few years that Donald  Trump does not keep his word or the word of our country. He says  something one day, only to reverse himself at a moment's notice. We  cannot rely on his restraint to avoid blundering into a war with Iran.  That is why I am continuing to call on my colleagues to join in  supporting a vote on Senator Udall's amendment to the National Defense  Authorization Act.   This amendment makes clear that only Congress can authorize the use  of military force against Iran and would provide a clear check on  Donald Trump, John Bolton, and other hawks in the administration.   We cannot allow this administration and this President a free hand to  stack the deck toward military action and away from meaningful  diplomacy. Otherwise, we risk committing another generation of American  soldiers to a protracted, disastrous war in the Middle East.   I yield the floor.   