 Mr. President, I am here on the Senate floor today to  talk about a sporting event--an event that captures the attention of  people not only in my State of Alaska but around the country and around  the globe. I am talking about the ``Last Great Race on Earth.'' It is a  pretty fancy, big, and impressive title for what really happens--the  ultimate challenge with man, woman, and dogs--a 1,100-mile sled dog  race from Anchorage to Nome, up north.   I will share with you all a picture that was taken at 3:39 a.m. on  Wednesday morning, March 13. Obviously, it is the middle of the night.  I know everybody thinks that it is always dark in Alaska this time of  year, but it is not. This is at 3:39 a.m. on Wednesday, March 13. It is  pitch dark. You can't really see it in this picture, but the snow is  coming down. The wind is blowing. It is pretty dang cold. Temperatures  are down in the teens, but you have some wind blowing. So it gets your  attention.   What you are seeing here is Front Street in Nome, AK. At 3:30 in the  morning, the street is packed. It is lined with hundreds of people who  are cheering loudly. These are people from all over the country--fans,  friends, and family who have come from across Alaska and flown into  Nome. Some of them chartered an aircraft coming out of the YK Delta.  They flew into Nome, a community of about 4,000 people, to witness this  moment--to witness the moment that Pete Kaiser, born and raised in  Bethel, AK, came into town with eight dogs in harness and came down the  street to cross the finish line and claim victory as the 2019 Iditarod  champion. He was just 12 minutes ahead of the defending champion, Joar  Leifseth Ulsom, who is originally from Norway but who now lives with us  in Alaska. This is probably one of the closest Iditarod races we have  in some time.   Jessie Royer, of Fairbanks, a friend of my family and a great lady,  came in at third place.   When you talk about the ``Last Great Race'' of 1,100 miles across  extraordinary terrain, Pete Kaiser took 9 days, 12 hours, and 38  minutes to complete this--9 days, 12 hours, and 38 minutes.   Think about how you cover 1,100 miles on the back of a dog sled.  Typically, with dogs, when you are moving  [[Page S1886]]  really fast, you are moving along at about 10 miles an hour, but you  are going over some incredible terrain, and you are doing this not just  between 8 and 5, but you are running the trail over the course of days  and weeks.   Here is Pete Kaiser. He has just crossed the finish line. He has his  hands thrown up in the air in celebration. He hugged his family. He  wiped the tears from his face. It is one of those moments that he will  always, always remember. The feeling is probably hard to fathom, but  for Pete, a young man who grew up in Western Alaska, somebody who is  often referred to as an encyclopedia of racing knowledge, somebody who  is known in his community for his hard work and dedication, somebody  who has now won the Kuskokwim 300 four times in a row--a race qualifier  for the Iditarod--and for his family and his extended family who  supported him, who cheered him along the way, and for so many in the  community of Bethel who joined together, who chartered an aircraft to  get there in time to see him finish and celebrate this achievement,  this truly is a victory that is an accomplishment and an extraordinary  highlight to a remarkable career.   So the excitement that comes when you are finishing a grueling race  like this and when you and your team come across the line is something  that you really have to experience to understand. There is fatigue, but  there is great excitement with the accomplishment.   It is not just the accomplishment of the musher, because the musher  would still be sitting back in Willow were it not for these  extraordinary animals, which truly, truly live to run. They live to do  this race and others like it.   Nothing beats the finish here. I don't have very many opportunities  where I can actually be at the finish because you never quite know when  it will be. Usually, race winners come in between 8, 9, or 10 days. So  if you are starting on a Sunday, usually we finish during the week when  we are back here working. So I haven't had the opportunity to be on  that end, but I have had multiple opportunities--in fact, this is an  opportunity that I do not miss--to be at the front end and to be at the  start of the Iditarod.   So just 9 days prior, this is me and Pete Kaiser at the start of the  Iditarod. He is looking pretty fresh in this picture. He probably  didn't look quite so fresh after 9 days on the trail.   We gathered in downtown Anchorage with 52 mushers--that is how many  mushers ran this year--and all of their teams. With the rules change  this year, there were 14 dogs to a team at the start. But you are in  downtown Anchorage, and you not only have your teams who are going to  be moving you through the first day of the ceremonial start but you  have your other dogs. So you have dogs, you have mushers, you have  people, and you have kids. It is like a carnival atmosphere.   This year I had an opportunity to do something I have never done  before, and that was to drive the tag sled of one of our four-time  champions, Jeff King.   During the ceremonial start, you go from Anchorage to Campbell Creek  Airstrip. It is an 11-mile portion of the trail. I can say that I did 1  percent of the Iditarod by driving on the back of this tag sled. I  didn't have the dogs directly in front of me, but I still had to  operate the brake on the sled. I still had to lean into the curves and  still had the opportunity to experience just the majesty of the dogs in  front of you and the way the mushers communicate with their team.   The Iditarod is a race like none other, and it is perhaps made so  because of the challenge of the terrain that this race goes through.  The journey that led the mushers through these valleys and across these  mountain ranges is hard. It is challenging. The weather is not unlike  the terrain. It was up, and it was down. We had areas along the trail  where it was raining, and then we had areas where we had freezing  temperatures. You had wind. You had snow. You had ice. So when you  think about how much work it is to get through the burled arch, it is  really a tremendous accomplishment to be able to say that you have  completed this race.   As we speak, there are still dozens more mushers and their teams that  are out along that trail working to complete it.   You might think that this is something where there is a significant  prize, and that is what motivates people. Well, if you are successful  and you finish the Iditarod, you will be able to claim $1,149. Your  dogs are going to eat up that money pretty quickly. Most of this is so  much for the love of mushing and the love of the animals.   People always ask: Well, how hard is it? What kind of challenges do  the mushers encounter along the way?   It is everything from encounters with animals, whether it is a moose  along the trail--and we have seen some bad outcomes from that--to just  physical obstructions along the trail.   Richie Diehl of Aniak ran smack into a tree--literally, smack into a  tree. He hit his face on the trail near Nikolai. He said he was kind of  cruising along and he had his head turned. It was still dark. He looked  forward and, bam, he ran into a tree.   He probably could have ducked if he noticed it, but he didn't, and  then he was kind of knocked off. He did an all-out sprint to chase his  team down and dove to catch his sled. He lined up the dog team, again  got everybody organized, grabbed some toilet paper, some wet wipes, and  started mushing down the trail as he wiped the bleeding off his skin.  You are just not stopping. You are not stopping for yourself. For your  dogs, if your dogs are injured, you absolutely stop.   Anja Radano of Talkeetna fell in a large hole in the ice crossing the  infamous Dalzell ice hole. While she is making her way across the  frozen river, her sled slipped into the hole. She falls into the water,  and she injured her ribs and her legs. She had been having a little bit  of a struggle along the trail, but she said she would not have been  able to get out of the waterhole there without the help of her dog  team.   Then there is Linwood Fiedler, who was on his way to Nikolai, and his  entire dog team got separated from the sled when his biner broke, but,  fortunately for him, there was a fellow musher coming up, Mats  Pettersson, who shows up on the trail shortly after. He helped him get  his whole team, and potentially--potentially--saved the lives of these  dogs.   You have trail conditions that are hard this year, and part of the  trail, quite honestly, because of the warmer weather we have seen, they  were what we call tusset, which is just mounds of hard, matted grass in  just kind of a bumper strip all the way going through. It is very hard  on sleds. There were a couple of mushers who took 30 hours to go  through this one stretch, and they ultimately decided enough and  scratched.   You have the terrain. You also have the fact that you are going all  out for days on end, and limited sleep has its effect. We heard some  comments from Lance Mackey, who is a four-time Iditarod champ. He was  talking about how he was imagining things on the trail, a little bit of  a hallucination, seeing and hearing things that aren't there, thinking  he was hearing people say, ``Go, Lance,'' as he was making the run  between Rohn and Nikolai. You have to do all you can to keep yourself  awake because you are in the back of a sled.   Remember, you are not sitting down. This is not all comfy and cozy  for 1,100 miles. You are standing on the back of the sled. Oftentimes,  you are running along or walking along behind. You are helping your  dogs move through. You have to constantly replenish yourself and your  dogs, and that means taking trail snacks and drinking nonstop.   There is always a question about what everybody eats. Aliy Zirkle,  who has come in fourth, attributes her diet to rolled oat bars made out  of peanut butter, banana, sesame seeds, and other things because they  are easy, and they don't get frozen. You have to think about things  like how do I eat while I am still moving and things don't get frozen.   They do have an opportunity to get some good meals. They get wined  and dined, if you will, when they get to a checkpoint. When you are in  a village, you have the kids come out, and everybody is looking for  autographs. They want to say hello to them. They want to find out what  position everybody is in, but they also, oftentimes, get a warm meal  like a stew, but before the humans eat--before the mushers eat, the  dogs have to eat. The dogs have to  [[Page S1887]]  be cared for. The dogs have to be taken care of first because life on  the trail is taking care of the dogs. They are making sure they have a  warm and a comfortable place to rest, are fed, and they are watered.  They are checked out by the veterinarians.   This is one thing that is pretty interesting. People think, well, you  are just going into a town. A lot of these places, it is not a town. It  is not like you can just go to a tap and fill up your dog bowls for  water for your dogs. Now, your dogs have been on the trail for several  hours. They are thirsty. They have been eating snow along the way, but  they are thirsty. They need to be hydrated.   If you are out on the trail and you have 14 or 15 dogs, what do you  do? You melt snow or you melt ice. Where is the stove? Well, you have  your little camp stove that you have in the back of your sled. Think  about it. You are sleep-deprived, you are hungry, you are tired, but  you have to take care of your dogs first. You put your straw down to  bed them down. You check their feet, and you put dry booties on them.  You melt the water. You have to then heat up the dog food that has been  dropped along the way in places where you know your team is going to be  stopping. You could be working with your dogs for a good hour before  you can even start thinking about yourself and how you satisfy your  hunger, your thirst, your sleep.   It is a pretty amazing race. Again, I am just in awe of the animals.  I am in awe of the mushers. I am also in awe of the many, many, many,  many people who come to be volunteers for it, this race. Most people  have no idea what it takes to pull off a race like this, but I am told  there are more volunteers who help us at this race than any other  organized race like this in the country.   What we have is a volunteer Air Force, if you will. Those stashes of  food I talked about, those don't get there by accident. There is no  road to drive them by, so you have pilots who will volunteer to take  whatever it is, straw for bedding or big coolers and containers of  food, to the various checkpoints. They will drop them off so they are  pre-positioned out there, but those guys, they are all volunteers.   At the banquet in Nome, at the end of this week, the people who put  on the banquet are volunteers not necessarily from Nome but from all  over the country. The last time I was up there, I went back in the  kitchen to say thank you to the men and women who were working there.  They all had their little nametags, and they say where they are from.  There is a whole group who was from a little town in Florida. They had  all taken a week's vacation from their work to come up and just be  there for the Iditarod, to welcome the mushers coming in.   I asked: What do you do here as a volunteer? They said: We are in  charge of rolls and butter. Ok. But this is how much of a commitment  they have made to this race. They have been doing it for years. They  are a group who just comes up from Florida, they cash in their miles,  they take leave from work, and this is where they take their vacation  because they realize this is such an extraordinary happening. You have  volunteers from all over the country, from Canada, and the communities  along the trails.   The veterinarians. There are 50 veterinarians along the trail because  at the checkpoints, the dogs must be checked by the vets. We are going  to take care of those animals and make sure--so you have veterinarians;  you have dog handlers; and you have vet techs who come from across the  Nation. They are there volunteering their time to be at this  extraordinary event.   Again, the pilots who fly to drop the supplies are volunteers. They  act as race judges. They aid in the event of an injury or a lost dog.  The list goes on and on and on in terms of those who volunteer.  Ultimately, it simply could not happen were it not for the volunteers  who put the extra mile in to make it happen.   So today we are celebrating and acknowledging the efforts of all  those who pitched in to help, the fans who cheered on the teams  throughout the race, the communities that served as hosts along the  way, and all the mushers and all their teams who put their hearts and  put their souls into this really tough but incredible expedition.   We, in Alaska, are all congratulating Pete Kaiser on his win. He is  the only musher from the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta since the inaugural  Iditarod back in 1973. He is the first Yup'ik Iditarod champion in the  history of the Iditarod race. He is an incredibly humble man. He is a  great role model. He is an inspiration to his community, and I know  they are all exceptionally proud.   After he won, Pete said he hoped his victory would be celebrated not  just by the Yup'ik people within his region but by all Native people  throughout Alaska.   So, Pete, I think, we are here to tell you that today, Alaskans in  the western part of the State, all over the State, including as far  away as Washington, DC, are all celebrating and recognizing you and  your extraordinary canine athletes.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   