 Madam Speaker, ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately, the  rules of debate won't allow me to cite all of the reasons why this  President should be impeached. There are many.   However, Madam Speaker and Members of this House, to quote the late  Maya Angelou: ``When someone shows you who they are, believe them the  first time.''   This day was not inevitable, but it was predictable, because this  President has shown himself time and time again to believe that he is  above the law, and he has no respect for our Constitution or our  democracy.   Based on all that we know about Donald Trump, we could have predicted  he would have abused the power of the Presidency by ``corruptly  soliciting the Government of Ukraine'' and Ukrainian President Zelensky  to publicly announce investigations into his political opponent, former  Vice President Joseph R. Biden.   This impeachment resolution includes evidence that this President  withheld $391 million of taxpayer funds that Congress appropriated for  the purpose of providing vital military and security assistance to  Ukraine to oppose Russian aggression, another blatant abuse of power.   Our investigations revealed that this President advanced ``a  discredited theory promoted by Russia alleging that Ukraine, rather  than Russia, interfered in the 2016 United States Presidential  election.''   ``For corrupt purposes in pursuit of personal political benefit.''   Never before in our history have we experienced a President who has  so clearly conducted himself in a ``manner offensive to, and subversive  of, the Constitution,'' and who directed his Cabinet members, executive  branch agencies, and other White House officials to defy lawful  subpoenas from Congress.    Was he attempting to hide wrongdoing?   It is without question that this President ``has demonstrated that he  will remain a threat to national security and the Constitution if  allowed to remain in office, and has acted in a manner grossly  incompatible with self-governance and the rule of law,'' because at  every turn, he has shown us who he is.   It is no secret that this President could have been impeached a long  time ago.   Today, we stand here with an irrefutable case and an indisputable set  of facts that this President absolutely abused his power and obstructed  Congress.   Any other individual who would have been caught conducting themselves  in the way this President has would have been prosecuted to the full  extent of the law.   It is shameful that any Members of this House are willing to  disregard the Constitution, turn a blind eye to hard facts, and ignore  a confession from the President himself.   History will remember those who were willing to speak truth to power.   Yes, I called for Trump's impeachment early.   This is our country. Our foremothers and our forefathers shed their  blood to build and defend this democracy. I refuse to have it  undermined.   I wholeheartedly support this resolution. I am proud that, in the  final analysis, justice will have been served in America and Donald  Trump will have been impeached.   