 Mr. President, this evening, as we debate this very  important bill, I am hearing two different strategies, two different  discussions, about what is actually on the floor in front of us. You  see, my colleagues across the aisle are debating a bill that is not in  front of us. They are talking about healthcare for women, which is  abortion. That is what they are talking about.   This bill does not address abortion. It does not address women's  healthcare issues. What this bill does is address the healthcare of a  baby who is born alive after a botched abortion. We are not talking  about abortion, folks. We are talking about the life of a child who is  born. So, while my colleagues across the aisle are saying this is about  abortion, that this is about a mother's healthcare, that is absolutely  incorrect. We are talking about a human life.   In recent weeks, we have witnessed the ugly truth about the far- reaching grasp of the abortion industry and its ever-increasingly  radicalized political agenda. Some politicians have not only defended  aborting a child while a woman is in labor but have gone so far as to  support the termination of a child after his birth. This assault on  human dignity cannot stand. We can and must do better, and we can as a  nation do better to defend and uphold the basic values of compassion  and decency that define our very society.   I thank the junior Senator from Nebraska for offering this  commonsense legislation that addresses this issue in a compassionate  manner and provides critical protections for children who are born  alive after surviving abortions.  [[Page S1418]]    Although previous laws were passed that recognize infants born alive  during abortion proceedings as legal persons, there still exists a  critical loophole that prevents abortionists from being held  accountable for failing to follow these very laws.   This legislation closes the gap and ensures that there are concrete  enforcement measures to protect children who survive abortion attempts.   We can all agree that any child who is born alive, whether through a  natural birth or a botched abortion, is a living person, a person who  is worthy of the utmost dignity, compassion, and respect. This  legislation ensures just that by simply requiring healthcare  practitioners to treat those babies who survive an abortion attempt  with the same degree of care any other baby born at the same  gestational age would receive.   This legislation is not meant to punish women or mothers during an  often heart-wrenching and difficult experience. In fact, this  legislation specifically prohibits mothers from being prosecuted.  Instead, this bill quite simply imposes penalties for the intentional  killing of a baby who has been born alive.   Today, we have an opportunity to categorically reject infanticide by  ensuring that the laws we have on the books preventing this abhorrent  practice are meaningfully enforced and that those who fail to follow  such laws can be held accountable.   I urge my colleagues to set aside partisanship and support this much  needed, compassionate solution. We as a nation can do better. We must  protect those babies who are born alive.   I yield the floor.   