 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  calling for an end to this senseless government shutdown. I, too, want  to thank my friend and colleague from New Hampshire as well as my  friend from Virginia for their leadership in bringing us together  tonight to speak about the need to move forward and end this shutdown.   All across our country, Americans are feeling the impact of this  shutdown, and government services people rely on have been put to a  halt.   In New Hampshire, our farmers were relieved last month at the passage  of the farm bill. Now, thanks to the shutdown, they are again facing  uncertainty that they may not receive the financial assistance they  need to help them operate.   Our craft breweries, which contribute to our economy, are unable to  move forward with new projects because the brewers can't get the  projects approved through the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau.   At the White Mountain National Forest, some visitors' services are  closed, and at this amazingly beautiful national resource, trash is  piling up.   Additionally, the shutdown is creating safety concerns with regard to  air travel. The Airline Pilots Association International recently wrote  to the President to say that the shutdown is ``adversely affecting the  safety, security and efficiency of our national airspace system.''   We know this shutdown is impacting our Federal workforce. These are  law enforcement officers, border security agents, members of our Coast  Guard, workers from our National Park Service, TSA agents, and so many  other people who dedicate their lives to serving their fellow citizens,  but because of the shutdown, many workers are scrambling to make ends  meet.   President Trump has said these workers can simply ``make  adjustments'' to stay financially secure, but in making such a claim,  the President grossly ignores the reality that hard-working Americans  face. What an out-of-touch statement.   One missed paycheck can be the difference between people being able  to put food on the table or not, of making their monthly mortgage  payments, of affording their medications.   If, as the President suggests, the shutdown drags on for months or  even years, those hardships to our families and our economy will grow  as paychecks continue to be delayed.   It doesn't have to be this way. Last week, the House of  Representatives passed bills that have received substantial support  from Members of both parties in the Senate and would reopen the  government immediately. Those included robust funding for border  security, funding to support commonsense improvements, including better  technology that border agents say they need. Unfortunately, the  President is more focused on campaign slogans than on strengthening  border security based on the facts on the ground. As a result, the  President has created a crisis for families across the country,  including for the border protection agents and law enforcement officers  whose duty it is to protect us.   The fact is that we can keep our country safe while also reopening  our government. That is why Leader McConnell must bring the bipartisan  bills that have passed the House to the Senate floor and the President  must sign them into law.   In the meantime, I am focused on ensuring that our Federal workforce  gets the pay that they deserve and that they have earned. That is why I  have joined with a bipartisan group of colleagues on legislation to  ensure that any government employee furloughed as a result of this  shutdown or any future ones will be paid retroactively as soon as  appropriations are restored. I cosponsored legislation that would fund  Coast Guard operations during lapses in appropriations--including pay-- for members of the Coast Guard.   Mr. President, it is time for these games to end. We need to keep  providing the government services that Americans rely on, and the  people who provide these services deserve stability not only for their  own sake but for that of the people and country they serve. More  broadly, the American people deserve to know our government can operate  effectively without these constant games and irresponsible tactics from  the President.   Let's move on from this shutdown. Let's reopen our government.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   