 Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   First, I thank my colleague and counterpart, Chairman  Jim Langevin,  for his bipartisan work on this bill.   As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Intelligence and Emerging  Threats and Capabilities, I want to highlight some broad themes that I  am supportive of in this bill.   First, this bill is active in all areas of our subcommittee's  jurisdiction. We continue our focus on emerging technologies, including  manufacturing technologies that are fundamental to our advancements and  scaling of  [[Page H5345]]  hypersonic weapons and directed energy. We also include an emphasis on  basic research and the important contributions provided by universities  and Department of Defense labs. And we enhanced capabilities and  support for our Special Operations Forces, including additional funds  for the Preservation of the Force and Families program.   The bill also extends the National Security Commission on Artificial  Intelligence, which is a provision I sponsored in section 1051 of last  year's NDAA that created this Commission to advance the development of  AI. The Commission's recommendations will help us maintain global  leadership in AI research and prepare our citizens for an AI-enabled  future.   As a second broad theme, this bill continues the tradition of robust  congressional oversight of sensitive military operations and  activities, including cyber, counterterrorism, and intelligence. These  are broad, bipartisan frameworks put in place several years ago by  then-Chairman Mac Thornberry, as well as myself and subcommittee  Chairman  Jim Langevin. I am pleased that we continue to advance these  frameworks.   As we move forward to debate and consider this NDAA, we should remind  ourselves of our role in national security as a legislative body. It is  our principal responsibility to protect our homeland and provide our  men and women in uniform the tools and training they need to safely  execute their dangerous missions on our behalf.   I am very concerned about where our colleagues in the majority are  taking this bill and whether we are fulfilling that duty. Despite  Ranking Member Thornberry's hard work in committee to restore funding  to $750 billion, this bill remains $15 billion short of  the recommendations from former Secretaries of Defense, current Acting  Secretaries of Defense, and senior military commanders.     With the top-line of $735 billion, this bill would cut  personnel accounts; limit programs that deter against great power  competition, such as Russia and China; and severely regress all the  efforts we have put in to recover readiness from the devastating blow  of sequestration.   While I support portions of this bill, and I supported this bill in  committee, I am deeply concerned that it is moving in the wrong  direction as this comes to the floor, that it fails to support the  needs of our men and women in uniform, and that it does not reflect  longstanding bipartisan tradition.   Mr. Chair, I look forward to a full and fair debate on these issues,  and I urge my colleagues to consider this lack of bipartisan support as  they decide their vote on the final passage.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. First, I know the  majority feels this is just a technical fix to an administrative error,  but it raises an important issue, again, for us to discuss now on the  House floor, and we should debate the merits of the underlying  provision.   First of all, the Secretary of Defense is already charged with  compiling this information, and we have already put in place a full and  transparent oversight framework with publicly available reporting.   As we debated in committee, the DNI is not the place to conduct such  a review and report. We need the intelligence community focused on  gathering and analyzing intelligence that is vital to our national  security.   So, pulling our national-level intelligence staff and resources away  from those important missions to conduct a review that is already  taking place--done by the DOD--is a poor use of resources and is just  bad policy.   I can say this, as one of the few members on the Intel Committee and  HASC: The place we should be debating this is the Intelligence  Authorization Act, not the National Defense Authorization Act.   So, there are jurisdictional issues here, which is one of the reasons  why I am opposed to this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Wenstrup).    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Bacon).    Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Waltz).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   