 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we are opening the government. Democrats have voted  every day for the last 2 weeks to 3 weeks on opening the government.   I ask a simple question: To those who are out working today, what  would they think of working a full day's work with no pay?   My good friend and colleague wants to put this in percentages, just a  small amount of folks who are out and are being devastated. But if you  ask any American as they get up and go to work and they work that full,  hard day and they get no pay, I think they understand this is an  enormous crisis--the longest shutdown on policy, ever.   Senator McConnell has not put one single bill on the floor of the  House to open the government. So it is not partisanship; it is not  rancor. It is not tension; it is people who understand what it means to  not get a paycheck if you are in the Coast Guard in a faraway place, if  you are an air traffic controller, if you are Secret Service.   And thank you to the Speaker, who realized the enormity of security  for the State of the Union or any other large event, which many people  know might be coming in February.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the Appropriations Committee and the chairwoman  from New York for being able to recognize that our job is to open the  government, but we have no partners, and we didn't shut it down.   Now, my friend talks about border security. I am on Homeland  Security. I have been to the border more times than I can imagine. I  know my border friends. I know the border States. And we have a way  forward.   In a bipartisan letter, Texas Members of Congress, House and Senate,  used the term ``critical infrastructure'' or ``tactical  infrastructure.'' But if you want to secure the border, you can have  the moneys for opioid, gang, trade, and child exploitation  investigations, Customs officers at our ports of entry, first responder  funding, and Coast Guard cutters, including icebreakers. That is the  way forward, but it is ridiculous to do as we have done.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to say we are grateful for the Financial  Relief for Federal Employees Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to make sure that we know that people are  hurting and that we should understand their pain.   So I want to acknowledge as a cosponsor and salute Mr. Cox, who has  introduced the Financial Relief for Federal Employees Act. Members are  working, Democratic Members are working to provide some pathway for  achieving some resources, by way of borrowing, for the Federal  Government. So we are working.   We must open the government now.   