 Mr. President, I am pleased to be joined today on the  floor by my colleagues to discuss the unprecedented levels of  obstruction aimed at President Trump's nominees. This issue plagued the  115th Congress, and it is one I am hopeful we can remedy moving forward  in this new session.   The Senate is tasked with the critical role of providing advice and  consent on many of the President's nominations, including executive  branch officials and Federal judges. Vetting these officials is a task  that I take extremely seriously, and I have often welcomed discussion  regarding these critical appointments with my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle, as well as my constituents.   We can all agree that these positions must be filled by our Nation's  most qualified candidates, individuals who are committed to public  service and upholding the values and principles that make our Nation so  great. We should also be able to agree that these positions should be  filled using an expedient and timely process.   As any Iowa small business owner can tell you, if you don't have  employees, you can't function. Iowans and many others across this  Nation expect the Federal Government to run on the same commonsense  principle.   The recent levels of obstruction for the President's nominees have  not only kept the executive branch and our Federal courts from staffing  critical positions but have also prevented the Senate from moving  forward on other critical legislative priorities and initiatives.   In the past, the Senate has been able to disagree on certain  nominations and still move forward in a respectful and expedient manner  to ensure that the Federal Government operates efficiently. However,  during President Trump's first Congress, my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle have utilized a series of procedural tactics to eat  up time on the Senate floor and to stall the President's nominees.   To put this in perspective, during President George W. Bush's first  Congress, the Senate forced a cloture vote on nominations only 4 times.  That was during President Bush's first Congress. So it was 4 times.   During President Clinton's first Congress, this increased to a mere 8  cloture votes--8 cloture votes for Clinton.   During President Obama's first Congress, the use of this tactic still  remained minimal, with only 12 cloture votes on nominations. So it was  Bush, 4; Clinton, 8; and President Obama, 12.   Compare that to the use of cloture votes during the 115th Congress.  My Democratic colleagues forced cloture votes 128 times--128 times.  That is 10 times more often than during President Obama's first  Congress.   Despite that President Trump submitted nearly the same number of  nominees as President Obama, 29 percent more Obama nominees than Trump  nominees were confirmed during each President's respective first  Congress. Yet these delays have often not been used to raise objections  to controversial or unqualified nominees. That is just not the case.   In fact, nearly half of all recorded cloture votes--48 percent, to be  exact--received 60 or more votes to end debate. Furthermore, nearly a  third received 70 or more votes to end debate. These nominees were  confirmed with widespread bipartisan support.   Cloture was not invoked in order to extensively debate the merits or  the qualifications of those candidates. Instead, this procedural tactic  has been used to run down the clock and prevent the Senate from moving  forward with other important business.   Many nominees from my home State of Iowa have been fortunate enough  to escape some of these political games. I was proud to see the Senate  reach an agreement in September to move forward and confirm Judge C.J.  Williams to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Iowa  by a 79-to-12 vote. I am also glad that multiple U.S. marshals and U.S.  attorneys have been able to fill critical Federal law enforcement  positions in Iowa after being confirmed by a voice vote in the Senate.   However, while many of these positions have been filled back in my  home State, Iowans are still greatly harmed when the Senate fails to  efficiently fill executive branch positions whose duties do impact the  entire Nation.   Furthermore, many States across our Nation have faced unnecessary  challenges to filling critical positions after cloture was invoked for  noncontroversial nominees.   Take a State like Alabama, for example. Judge Annemarie Carney Axon  received bipartisan support from both  [[Page S1503]]  of her home State Senators for her nomination to serve on the U.S.  District Court for the Northern District of Alabama. However, Democrats  forced a cloture vote on her nomination before confirming her by a vote  of 83 to 11.   Similarly, Judge Terry Doughty was confirmed to be a judge on the  U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana by a 98-to-0  vote after a forced cloture vote.   These are not isolated examples. Just last year, multiple district  judge nominees in Kentucky and Texas received the support of more than  90 Senators, but only after their nomination was first stalled, again,  by an unnecessary cloture vote.   We cannot continue to allow the Senate to be bogged down by  unprecedented obstruction tactics. The American people expect and  deserve a fully functioning government with the right personnel in  place.   That is why I want to thank Leader McConnell for continuing to make  nominations such a priority and managing to confirm so many Federal  judges, despite these tactics. I also thank my colleagues, Senators  Blunt and Lankford, for introducing a proposal that accelerates the  nomination process for lower level nominees.   This commonsense proposal builds on the previous Reid-Schumer rule  affecting Senate considerations of Obama nominees during the 113th  Congress--a rule that garnered widespread bipartisan support, including  the agreement of 35 of my Democratic colleagues who still serve in the  Senate today.   I urge my colleagues to support this reasonable proposal that enables  us to move forward in a timely manner while still encouraging input and  debate on those candidates. It is time for the Senate to put a halt to  these delay tactics and get back to fulfilling our commitments to the  American people. Again, I urge support of the proposal.   I yield the floor.   