 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Price for  yielding and for his wonderful comments remembering Walter.   On behalf of the Republican Members of the North Carolina  delegation--indeed, all the Members of our Republican Conference--we  remember our long-serving colleague, Walter B. Jones, already miss him,  and express our prayers for him and his family.   Walter asked to be memorialized on the floor by his dear friend     Thomas Massie, and Mr. Price will yield to him in a moment for that  purpose.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the  distinguished Member from Indiana, Congresswoman Walorski, for leading  this Special Order tonight and all my colleagues who are here to affirm  life.   Mr. Speaker, abortion advocates used to say they wanted abortion to  be ``safe, legal, and rare.'' Now, abortion advocates have reached new  levels of disregard for new human lives by openly promoting  infanticide. And legislation that would prohibit doctors from leaving  born-alive infants to die cannot even get a vote under this new  majority in this House of Representatives.   Bills such as the Reproductive Health Act, RHA, which was recently  passed with celebration in New York, are starkly at odds with  reasonable limits on abortion that most Americans support and exposes  the extreme agenda of the pro-abortion movement. The RHA would expand  upon Roe v. Wade's already wide protections for access to abortion.   In New York, an abortionist no longer needs be a licensed physician.  If an abortion is not successful and the child is born alive, the law  offers no protections for the life of the baby. It is almost  unthinkable, Mr. Speaker. Such a horrifying bill should be met with  disgust and outrage, not celebrated.   It is clear that the value of life has eroded in our culture. Without  a society that questions, ``What are the rights of the unborn?''  legislators can use their power to eliminate the right to life and  promote the idea that life is dispensable.   Proponents of the New York and similar Virginia legislation should  ask whether these policies truly reflect a society where women are  valued or where unwanted babies are worthy of protection.   In a culture where aborted babies are collateral damage in so-called  women's healthcare, we should all fear that, following unborn children  and newborns, there will soon be new targets for disposal.   