 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I made a promise to my constituents when I was elected that I would  lower drug prices, and that requires a strong, robust plan for  negotiating fair prices for Americans.   Our constituents are demanding lower drug prices, and this amendment  fails to deliver. It does nothing to address the root causes of high  drug prices and would let pharma companies continue to raise prices  unreasonably for the same drug year after year.   I have a bill to stop that, which is included in H.R. 3. The Freedom  from Price Gouging Act recovers taxpayer dollars from pharmaceutical  companies when they try to hike their prices not just once per year but  multiple times every year in order to boost their profits.   This legislation has bipartisan support. It is included in Republican  Senator Grassley's drug pricing package in the Senate.   Without a way to hold drug price increases to at most the rate of  inflation, drug companies can just counter your amendment's required  discounts by jacking up drug prices and setting sky-high launch prices.  They can continue to raise those prices year after year, and the  American people will have no choice but to pay those prices because  without a way to truly hold drug companies accountable, nothing will  change.   I believe we need real, substantive reforms, and for a while, so did  our President. Though he has recently walked back this commitment, he  once promised the American people that he would authorize the HHS  Secretary to negotiate a fair deal on drugs. Do you know why he did  that? Because drug price negotiation only upsets Big Pharma's CEOs.  Everybody else--in fact, 90 percent of Americans--support giving the  Secretary the power to negotiate prices for drugs, Democrats,  Republicans, independents alike.   H.R. 3 does just that. It pairs real reforms on drug pricing with a  Medicare part D redesign that caps out-of-pocket expenses for seniors  and more equitably shares the responsibility to determine prices among  the Federal Government part D plans and drug manufacturers.   The Walden amendment fails to achieve that goal. This amendment  doesn't help the 150 million Americans with employer insurance, and  many of those Americans even with good insurance still can't afford  their medications. This amendment will gut protections in H.R. 3 and  leave us with legislation that doesn't do nearly enough to rein in the  costs of prescription drugs.   It is time for all of us to take real action to lower drug prices for  our constituents.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I agree with my Republican colleagues that  we do need bipartisan action on drug pricing. Negotiating drug prices  is not partisan to the American people; it is common sense.   But let's be clear. The amendment to this bill is not bipartisan.  Only Republicans have cosponsored this amendment.    I yield to the gentleman from Oregon.    Mr. Chairman, the gentleman is correct that there are  many provisions in the amendment that do have strong bipartisan  support, including, for example, making permanent the medical expense  tax deduction.   The problem with the amendment is it doesn't tackle the fundamental  problem, which is reducing drug prices. This amendment fails to solve  the main problem of actually lowering drug prices.   This is why Senator Grassley has been a sponsor on the Republican  side in the Senate of the kinds of things I have worked on that are  included in this bill that would address price gouging, the ability of  pharmaceutical companies to raise prices multiple times in a single  year. This bill, H.R. 3, would let us capture the taxpayer savings from  that.   The GAO found that fewer than one in five new drugs are truly  innovative. It is true that we need new cures, new cures for  Alzheimer's, new cures for ALS, but H.R. 3 makes sure not just that we  have new cures by increasing science research, but makes sure that  those new cures are going to be affordable and can actually get into  the hands of Americans.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, claims that H.R. 3 will devastate research and  stop cures are fearmongering.   H.R. 3 makes substantial investment in public research to help create  new cures and, most importantly, will make sure those cures actually  can help people in their lives.   It is only fair that the government, elected by the taxpayers, and  the administration, appointed by elected officials, should get to  negotiate drug prices, and it will not come at the expense of  innovation.   Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time remains.    Mr. Chair, I look forward to working with my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle to continue to come up with ways to support  drug innovation and support the kind of innovation that is happening in  Orange County, the area that I represent.   But we have to tackle the fundamental problem here, which is that  pharmaceutical companies are gouging Americans; they are overcharging  them; and they are leaving lifesaving drugs out of the hands of the  American people each and every day. This amendment does not tackle that  fundamental problem. Today, 9 out of 10 big pharmaceutical companies  spend more on marketing, sales, and overhead than they do on research.   I am proud to support the package of H.R. 3 because it will tackle  the fundamental problem of permitting price negotiation and making  drugs more affordable for Americans.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   