 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to speak on my  bill, H.R. 1503, the Orange Book Transparency Act, and the critical  issue of transparency in the drug and medical device development space.   Should my colleagues vote in favor of this significant bill, the  Orange Book Transparency Act will more efficiently achieve lowered  costs and higher quality life-saving medicines for consumers. It will  enhance market competition by getting generic drugs to market more  rapidly. As much data show us, enhancing the market for generic drugs  is one of the quickest ways to lower the costs that consumers pay at  the pharmacy.   Two things matter to me with respect to healthcare costs. One, we  must be proactive in enhancing transparency with regard to the  information made available to generic drug developers. Most  importantly, we must improve efficiency in the market for prescription  drugs in order to ultimately lower costs to patients, their families,  and their caregivers.   The Orange Book Transparency Act addresses both of these points by  ensuring clarity in patent and exclusivity information maintained by  FDA. It also requires that the Government Accountability Office study  the effects of listing drug delivery patents in the Orange Book.   To be very clear, I support intellectual property protections for  those researching and developing innovative treatments, but we have the  responsibility to close loopholes that allow drugmakers to prevent  timely access to information that would lead to new generic drug  development, increasing patient access and affordability.   Today, I present a strong and straightforward piece of legislation in  order to get lower-cost drugs to Americans in my district and across  the country. I am ecstatic that this bill is not only straightforward  but also bipartisan.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie, for his  work on this bill and key stakeholders for their feedback throughout  the process.   The Orange Book Transparency Act moves us in the right direction  toward transparency and lower drug costs.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 1503  today.   