 Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak in support  of the USMCA, and I appreciate all of my other colleagues who are  speaking out as well.   Almost a year has passed since President Trump signed the U.S.- Mexico-Canada Agreement and notified Congress of the administration's  intention to enter into the deal. Legislation to implement the  agreement must originate and be approved first in the U.S. House of  Representatives and then the U.S. Senate, where it will pass with a  strong bipartisan vote, including mine.   This modernization of NAFTA matters for Arizona businesses, hard- working citizens, and families. Mexico has already ratified USMCA, and  Canada is in the process of doing so. Congress needs to pass USMCA  without any further delay.   Simply put, USMCA is a win for Arizona. Trade with Mexico and Canada  is key to Arizona jobs and opportunities. Almost 50 percent of all  Arizona exports go to Mexico and Canada, and more than 228,000 Arizona  jobs rely on this trade. In 2018, Arizona and Mexico engaged in $16.6  billion worth of cross-border commerce.   Exports to Canada and Mexico support Arizona jobs across a broad  variety of industries. In 2018, Arizona companies exported $2.3 billion  worth of computer and electrical products, $1.4 billion in appliances,  $928 million in transportation equipment, and $796 million in machinery  to Canada and Mexico. Arizona miners exported $1 billion in minerals  and ores, and Arizona farmers exported almost $600 million in  agricultural goods. One out of five Arizona manufacturers export to  Canada and Mexico, and most of those are small and medium-sized  businesses. It is not too hard to see how much Arizona communities,  farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, and business owners stand to gain  from Congress finalizing the USMCA.   A few weeks ago, I was honored to host Vice President Pence in the  Grand Canyon State. One of our stops took us to Caterpillar's proving  grounds in Green Valley, AZ, where the company tests their impressive  machinery and trains operators on new equipment.   With roughly 660 full-time employees in our State, Caterpillar knows  what a critical role cross-border commerce--and the passage of USMCA-- is for Arizona. Caterpillar recycles 150 million tons of scraps a year  to create new products. This kind of innovation should be promoted, not  penalized. USMCA encourages this kind of innovation by specifically  prohibiting restrictions on remanufactured goods. In turn, companies  like Caterpillar are not penalized but encouraged to be thoughtful in  their environmental footprint.   I made many other visits to local businesses this year and heard  straight from Arizonans about why we need to get this deal passed and  now. The USMCA opens doors for Arizona to continue leading in the  aerospace, financial services, film and digital media, and bioscience  sectors. It enhances intellectual property protections and will benefit  Arizona's emerging automotive sector by requiring at least 75 percent  of a car to be built with North American parts in order for it to be  sold duty-free. Arizona's farmers and ranchers will have new  opportunities to export dairy, eggs, wheat, chicken, and turkey  products to Canada.   Earlier this month, Speaker Pelosi said about USMCA that her  Democratic caucus in the House was ``on a path to yes.'' Well, with  less than two dozen legislative days remaining in 2019, I sure hope  that is true, and I would encourage them to get to yes now.   The USMCA is good for our country, and too much time has passed  without any House action. During these divided times, this is a  proposal that should bring both sides of the aisle together. It is good  for America, and it is good for Arizona.   USMCA is a clear win for my constituents in Arizona. Arizonans in  every corner of our great State need to contact their Representative in  the House and tell them to encourage Speaker Pelosi to bring this bill  to the floor immediately. Let's pass USMCA now.   I yield the floor.   