 Thank you to the senior Senator from North Dakota for his  great work in pulling us all together. A number of us on the floor  really appreciate the agricultural sector. We heard from my senior  Senator just a bit ago.   Why am I so enthused about the USMCA? It is because, in the great  State of Iowa, one out of every five jobs is tied to trade.   Over 87,000--87,000--farms make Iowa our Nation's top egg, pork,  corn, soybean, and ethanol producer.   With Canada and Mexico being two of our biggest trading partners, the  United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement--or what we have been talking  about here, the USMCA--is a huge deal for the State of Iowa.   Last year alone, my home State of Iowa exported $6.6 billion worth of  products to just Canada and Mexico. That is more than we exported to  our next 27 top export markets all combined--27 combined, and it still  wasn't greater than what we send to Mexico and Canada.   This deal will allow those numbers to grow exponentially by creating  new export opportunities for our dairy industry, greater access for our  egg producers, and reducing nontariff trade barriers that previously  hampered our exporting abilities.   So it is critical--it is critical--that we get the USMCA across the  finish line, not just for the sake of getting a tremendous win for our  agriculture community but finalizing a deal that will impact the  livelihoods of our hard-working Iowans and all Americans across the  country.   Ninety-five percent of the world's population lives outside of the  United States of America, which makes our exports all that more  important.   Having USMCA in place means certainty--certainty in a time where  prices have been low and markets have been eroded from other trade  negotiations.   This trade deal preserves our duty-free access to Mexican and  Canadian markets, which many of our ag producers and manufacturers  benefit from.    I have heard from countless equipment dealers and processors all the  way down to the farmers growing the crops and raising our hogs.  Ratifying this agreement will be a shot of positive energy into their  businesses, their homes, and to folks all across rural America.   When it comes to trade with our neighbors to the north and the south,  it is simple. We need the USMCA passed through Congress as soon as  possible.   It has already been ratified by Mexico; they are done. The deal is  done with Mexico, and it looks like Canada is set to follow suit.   The USMCA was signed on November 30 of 2018. That is right--2018.  That is 228 days ago--228 days. I would say it is about time that  Speaker Pelosi and our friends in the House signal their full support  for this agreement.   It is time to get moving. We have to get this deal done. We have to  get it across the finish line. Iowa's farmers, manufacturers, and small  businesses are counting on us to get this done.   With that, I would like to say: Go, USMCA. Thank you to the senior  Senator from North Dakota for gathering us together. I think this is a  really important topic for all of us to focus on.   