 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2157, the Supplemental  Appropriations Act of 2019. This bill provides much-needed relief to  more than 40 States and territories to help them recover from  devastating hurricanes, wildfires, flooding, and tornadoes.   The bill provides critical aid to farmers and ranchers across the  country. From the Category 5 hurricane that destroyed crops in the  Southeast to the historic floods to farmland in the Midwest and fires  in the West, billions of dollars of damage have occurred. The funds in  this bill will help restore the livelihoods of our agricultural  producers and rural communities.   The bill also provides critical funding to repair military  installations that were severely damaged by hurricanes and floods. This  assistance will return these facilities to a condition that can support  our men and women in uniform and help them get back to the job of  protecting our Nation.   The bill provides vital funding for community development block  grants to help rebuild areas devastated by hurricanes, floods, and  wildfires. I have seen how critical these funds have been for the State  of Texas in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey.   The communities affected by storms in 2018 and 2019 have been waiting  for these critical resources for months now, and I am pleased we are  taking action today to provide needed relief to restore housing and  businesses where it is so desperately needed.   The bill also provides funds to compensate State departments of  transportation for road and highway repairs already underway or  completed. This funding will go to dozens of States for disaster  repairs that are critical to restoring roads that are vital to both the  traveling public and the movement of goods across the Nation.   The bill provides significant funding for the Army Corps of  Engineers, most of which will be used to repair existing projects to  pre-storm conditions. This work will include dredging navigation  channels, preparing levees, and refortifying coastal defenses.   Funding will be used for the most critical repairs following storms  in previous years, as well as the ongoing flooding in the Midwest.  Funding for the Corps also includes work to study and construct new  projects to protect against future storms. These projects will help  protect our people, businesses, and property and will reduce the  funding necessary to recover from future storms.   Finally, this bill was stalled for months because of the  administration's concerns about providing additional assistance to  Puerto Rico. The final agreement removes the most problematic language.  Bringing this bill to the floor today shows that we can put politics  aside and work together to address the needs of our Nation.   However, one emergency that is not addressed is the humanitarian and  security crisis on the border. We must work together to pass a bill  that addresses the surge of unaccompanied children crossing the border  and provides law enforcement agencies with the funding they need. I  have made several recent visits to the border and have seen this crisis  unfold up close. The numbers are alarming. Customs and Border Patrol is  exceeding 100,000 apprehensions per month. The stakes are high. There  are serious life-and-death repercussions if the Congress does not act.    In closing, I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey for working with members  on my side of the aisle to reach this compromise on disaster  assistance. I also thank the Senate Appropriations Committee chairman  and vice chairman, Senator Shelby and Senator Leahy, for their work on  this bill. I look forward to our continuing conversations about how to  quickly address the needs on the border.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the supplemental  appropriations bill and urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   