 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2203, the  Homeland Security Improvement Act.   I would first like to thank Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Thompson for  their steadfast leadership and for helping get this bill to the floor.  Mr. Speaker, this moment never would have been possible without Mr.  Thompson's perseverance and hard work.   H.R. 2203 started at our southern border as a community-driven effort  to boost accountability and transparency within DHS. To that end, I  would like to especially thank the Border Network for Human Rights, an  El Paso-based organization that works tirelessly to ensure migrants and  border communities are treated with the dignity and respect that we all  deserve.   Those of us who live within the 100-mile border enforcement zone have  often had our civil rights impeded because some basic constitutional  principles don't fully apply to us.   Since the creation of DHS in 2003, our government has spent over $300  billion, including two supplemental bills passed this year, on the  agencies that carry out immigration enforcement, largely within that  100-mile zone. This enormous taxpayer investment has created a  situation where the American taxpayer spends more money on immigration  enforcement than on all other Federal law enforcement agencies  combined.   Unfortunately, especially for those of us who live within that 100- mile enforcement zone, this spending has not included corresponding  oversight or accountability measures. This bill seeks to change that  with the creation of an ombudsman for border and immigration-related  concerns.   The ombudsman, in conjunction with the inspector general at DHS, will  be charged with establishing an independent, neutral, and confidential  process to assist individuals, including personnel, with complaints  against Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border  Protection.   The ombudsman is also responsible for reviewing CBP and ICE  compliance with all departmental policies and standards related to the  treatment of migrants in custody.   This function was a priority for me after learning about child deaths  in Federal custody; after having witnessed severe overcrowding in  Border Patrol facilities; after hearing in my community, in El Paso,  Texas, concerns from agents over and over again about leadership not  listening to them and about policies they were forced to enforce; and  after interviewing ICE detainees in my hometown who were subjected to  force-feeding, an inhumane practice that is tantamount to torture.   I have heard countless times from my constituents and other border  residents that they need to have a voice in crafting border policies  because we are the ones most impacted. H.R. 2203 will allow them this  opportunity through the establishment of both a border community  liaison and a border oversight panel. Both seek to foster communication  and cooperation between DHS and the community by giving border  residents an opportunity to provide feedback and recommendations  regarding border policies.   This panel will also help improve conditions for agents and officers.  For example, one responsibility of the border oversight panel is to  evaluate policies to enhance their safety.   The bill also requires the ombudsman to conduct annual evaluations of  all training provided and will examine whether key areas are covered,  including community policing, which builds trust; enforcement near  sensitive locations; interacting with vulnerable populations; and  professional and ethical conduct, such as lawful use of force, LGBTQ  sensitivity, and sexual harassment.   El Paso has been at the epicenter of much of the humanitarian chaos  our Nation has seen, like being the testing ground for the cruel family  separation policy that continues to this day. To help speed up  reunifications of these families, H.R. 2203 requires the ombudsman, in  conjunction with the CBP Commissioner, ICE Director, and the Office of  Refugee Resettlement, to develop recommendations for the establishment  of an electronic tracking number system on a single, interoperable  interface.   Finally, the ombudsman is responsible for developing a plan for  outlining the use of body-worn cameras by Border Patrol agents and ICE  officers when engaged in border security and immigration enforcement  activities, something local police forces have embraced.   The plan must be crafted in conjunction with the CBP Commissioner,  the ICE Director, and relevant labor organizations that represent these  officers and agents. It must also consider existing State and local  body-worn camera policies.    Mr. Speaker, it must also consider existing State and  local body-worn camera policies and principles developed by major civil  and human rights organizations, so that DHS can build upon best  practices for each community.   This plan further ensures that safety needs are met, and trust is  built.   All of these features will be invaluable tools to make sure that we  address our Nation's immigration challenges in a common sense and  humane way.   Today, we have the opportunity to come together and begin to make a  powerful and well-funded Federal agency more accountable to the  Congress and to the people that they serve. The ombudsman's role will  fill much needed gaps in transparency, oversight, training, and trust.   Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of this legislation. It comes right from  the communities that are impacted the most. I urge my colleagues to  support it.    Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, there is no one here who better  understands what is happening on the southern border than those of us  who actually live on the U.S.-Mexico border. There is no one here for  whom border security is more important than those of us fortunate  enough to live on the southern border.   Since the creation of the Department of Homeland Security in 2003,  American taxpayers have spent over $300 billion on the agencies that  carry out immigration enforcement; and the rights of those of us who  live within 100 miles of the border, and that is the southern border as  well as the northern border, our rights have been eroded.   What Congress has not done is create the corresponding transparency,  accountability, and oversight needed over these investments. H.R. 2203  will do that.   The Republican motion only seeks to divide us. Quite simply, this is  a poison pill amendment that has no relevance to what we are trying to  do here with this bill.   Some of my colleagues seem obsessed with dehumanizing immigrants,  casting them as criminals to be feared and even hated.   Let me remind Members that the recent massacre in El Paso, Texas, was  not carried out by an immigrant, but by a killer, a U.S. citizen who  drove 600 miles across the State of Texas to slaughter Mexicans and  immigrants. And he did this in one of the safest cities in America.  Immigrant communities and border communities remain among the safest  cities in America.   Enough.   And my Republican colleague completely misses the point of the  ombudsman, the office of the ombudsman. An ombudsman is supposed to be  focused on oversight related to the inner workings of the Department,  not on external policy issues. This amendment is a side show that  detracts from that mission.   Accountability, oversight, and transparency should not be  controversial. And much of what is in this commonsense bill is  precisely what we have seen embraced by law enforcement, local law  enforcement in our communities. Why would we not want to have a well- funded and powerful Federal law enforcement agency adhere to those same  values?   Instead of pursuing symbols of division, we ask our Republican  colleagues to support fundamental accountability and oversight over the  hundreds of billions of dollars we have given to DHS and support  transparency for a powerful agency.   History will not judge us kindly for the way that this administration  has treated migrants, agents, and border communities like mine. It will  judge us in this Chamber even more harshly if we continue to call for  more symbols of division.   Let us commit to responding in a way that honors our sacred credo of  our country, ``E pluribus unum''--out of many, we are one.   Let us commit to responding in a way that honors our mother of  exiles, the Statue of Liberty, and our heritage as a nation of  immigrants. That is who we are. It is who we always will be.   Let's work together and make sure that our response is one filled  with common sense and compassion.   I urge a ``no'' vote on this motion and a ``yes'' on the underlying  bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   