 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment relates to the Centers for  Disease Control, establishing a national standard for investigating  childhood deaths from sudden infant death syndrome.   The death of a child, Madam Chair, is always a tragedy, but the  unexplained nature of some of these deaths only makes it harder for  grieving families, as well as public health officials and policymakers  who are working to prevent them.   I have had the heartrending experience of walking into the home of  parents who are grieving. That grief doesn't just begin when their  infant dies, but goes on for a lifetime, wondering: Was it my fault?  Could I have done something? Am I a bad parent?   My amendment would help us better understand why thousands of infants  between the age of birth and 1, and hundreds of children between the  ages of 1 and 4, are still dying unexpectedly in our country. These  deaths include those from sudden infant death syndrome.   Scarlett Lillian Pauley was one of those children, Madam Chair.  Scarlett loved her pets, including her dog, Stitch, who she called  ``Sitch,'' and her cat, Colby, who she called ``Max'' or ``Maps.''   Scarlett loved to smile. She loved books. Her favorite book was  ``Barnyard Dance'' by Sandra Boynton, which her mom read to her right  before she put her to sleep on January 7, 2017. A few hours later, her  mama went to check on her and Scarlett was not breathing in her crib.  After being taken to the hospital, this beautiful 16-month-old baby was  declared dead on January 8, 2017.   That is just one story. In 2017, there were 3,600 infants who died  suddenly and unexpectedly, according to CDC data, including 1,400 from  SIDS.   Right now, without a national standard for how to investigate these  deaths, different States and different municipalities collect  inconsistent and often incomplete data on these unexplained sudden  deaths. That hinders the ability to find answers.   I am so pleased that Chairwoman DeLauro has included funding in the  base bill for the CDC to increase efforts to better train those who  carry out stronger death investigations and improve data collection.   Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Madam Chair, I thank the ranking member, Mr. Cole, who is  a leading cosponsor of my stand-alone legislation to help families that  see their children and infants die suddenly get some resolution.   This is an example of smart investments in our healthcare sprinkled  throughout this bill.   Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment would provide $4.5 million in  additional funding for the CDC's Domestic Violence Prevention  Enhancement and Leadership Through Alliances, also known as DELTA,  program to reach the level that the domestic violence advocates have  made clear that they need to adequately support this effort.   The DELTA program is dedicated to the prevention of domestic  violence. While most Federal programs provide victim services, or hold  perpetrators accountable, and train healthcare providers and others to  spot or respond to domestic violence, the DELTA program works directly  with over 50 communities nationwide to prevent first-time victims and  to prevent first-time perpetrators of domestic violence.   With one in three women and one in four men experiencing intimate  partner violence in their lifetimes, we need this funding now more than  ever.   This program works with stakeholders, activists, and mentors to teach  youth about sexual assault and teen dating violence while promoting  healthy relationships.   This investment was important in my home State of Wisconsin, where  the DELTA program created meaningful initiatives among our Tribal  communities, like the Oneida's Wise Women Gathering Place and  Milwaukee's own Diverse & Resilient organization that worked with LGBTQ  youth on safe relationships.   Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), chairwoman of the subcommittee.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amendment to add funding  to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.    Madam Chair, this amendment to add funding to the  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration would support  the distribution of fentanyl test strips by our State and local public  health partners.   Unintentional drug overdose deaths have climbed to record high  levels, claiming around 70,000 lives in the United States in 2017. One  of the drivers is fentanyl, a powerful synthetic opioid that is  significantly more potent than heroin. Because fentanyl is so cheap and  strong, dealers have an incentive to use it to cut drugs such as heroin  and cocaine.   In New York City in 2017--just to name one locality, but the story is  the same in many other places--fentanyl was involved in 57 percent of  all the drug overdose deaths. Between 2000 and 2012, that rate was only  2 percent, but in 2017 it was much higher.   This crisis, a public health epidemic and emergency, means that we  need to bring more tools to the fight. While some agencies, like the  NIH, have noted the need to consider all evidence-based programs that  can help address the damage being caused in our communities by opioids,  others, like SAMHSA, have clearly not, which is troubling.   In April, the NIH awarded a grant to the University of Kentucky that  aimed at reducing opioid overdose deaths by 40 percent in 16 counties  using evidence-based solutions. One of the evidence-based solutions  that could be pursued would be using these funds in overdose prevention  efforts, such as naloxone distribution and fentanyl test strip  distribution.   Unfortunately, it appears that SAMHSA has taken the opposite  [[Page H4567]]  stance and has warned its grantees against funding such efforts. This  is perplexing, Madam Chair, since it receives hundreds of millions of  dollars from this Congress to address the opioid crisis, including  overdoses.   What is a fentanyl strip? Fentanyl strips are used to detect the  presence of fentanyl in drugs. While there are other ways to detect the  presence of fentanyl in drugs, testing strips are more sensitive and  significantly less expensive than other methods.   Madam Chair, studies have found this approach works to positively  influence behavior. Recent studies have found that using these strips  can be helpful to reduce fentanyl overdose risks, including leading  some individuals to discard their drug supply or taking some other  action to reduce harm to themselves.   In one study, those who saw the positive results were five times more  likely to change the way they used the drug in an effort to avoid  overdosing, and so people want to make moral judgments about it.   Sure, we need to provide rehabilitation services to people, Madam  Chair, but it is impossible to rehab someone who is dead.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw my  amendment.   