 Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   All of us in this Chamber have heard the troubling stories of mothers  and fathers, grandmothers and grandfathers, friends, and colleagues who  suffer every day because they can't afford  [[Page H10113]]  their medications. That is why Congress started a collaborative and  bipartisan process to tackle this issue earlier this year.   In October, this bipartisan collaboration was cut abruptly short by  Speaker Pelosi with the introduction of H.R. 3, which was written in  secret without Member input or the regular committee process.   Instead of a bipartisan solution, we are left with H.R. 3, which is  nothing more than a Democrat downpayment on a government-run healthcare  system that would eliminate private insurance and implement government- controlled rationing of prescription drugs.   I serve as the senior Republican on the Education and Labor  Committee. H.R. 3 is the latest string in a series of radical  Democratic bills that I have seen in the committee and in the House  that promote unprecedented government interference in private markets  and increased regulatory red tape. Proposals that can and should be  bipartisan, such as addressing the skills gap, pension reform, and now  drug pricing, are being rewritten by Democratic leadership, which is  held hostage by their most leftwing Members.   An amendment adopted during our committee markup proves just that  point. Representative Pramila Jayapal's amendment pushes this radical  bill even further to the left by requiring the Secretaries of Labor,  Health and Human Services, and the Treasury to study and issue  regulations on extending government price controls to private  healthcare plans.   The mandate for additional price controls suggested in this amendment  tells private companies how much they can increase their prices each  year or forces them to pay a fine. House Democrats aren't satisfied  with only setting prices in government programs, and they continue to  find ways to expand the already radical scope of H.R. 3 to the private  market as well.   Since the Education and Labor Committee markup, this issue has been a  key area of disagreement between moderate and progressive Democrats,  but Speaker Pelosi, yet again, caved to the demands of her Progressive  Caucus and agreed to keep the amendment in the final bill.   The flawed and extreme approach taken by H.R. 3 includes troubling  and unprecedented government interference in private market  negotiations. Governments don't negotiate; they dictate. So this  radical scheme will eliminate choice and competition and jeopardize  innovation, investment, and access to future cures.   Breakthrough cures for diseases like Alzheimer's, cancer, sickle-cell  disease, and others will be at risk. In fact, if we pass H.R. 3, the  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says we could see up to  approximately 38 fewer cures for deadly diseases over the next 20  years, and the Council of Economic Advisers says up to 100 fewer cures  over the next 10 years.   If those estimates aren't concerning enough, just look at real-world  examples for proof. Countries that have adopted drug pricing systems  like those included in H.R. 3 face decreased access to innovative new  medicines, increased wait times for treatment, and supply shortages for  in-demand drugs.   Democratic supporters of this bill have said fewer cures in exchange  for government control prices is ``worth it.'' This is shameful.  Democrats may be okay with fewer cures. I am not, and neither are my  colleagues.   The American people deserve better from Congress. They deserve a real  solution that will lower the costs of prescription drugs without  jeopardizing access to new treatments and cures.   That is why House Republicans have introduced H.R. 19, the Lower  Costs, More Cures Act. This bill contains measures that have bipartisan  support in the House and the Senate, and it can become law this year.   Specifically, H.R. 19 will help lower out-of-pocket costs, protect  access to new medicines and cures, strengthen transparency and  accountability, and champion competition. Yet, House Democrats are  ignoring this bipartisan, commonsense legislation. Clearly, they prefer  politics over progress.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from South Dakota (Mr. Johnson).    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Wright).    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from  Wisconsin an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from West Virginia (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Murphy).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, House Democrats have once again decided to pursue  politics over progress and advance a radical drug pricing scheme that  will eliminate choice and competition, and jeopardize innovation,  investment, and access to future cures, putting breakthrough treatments  for diseases like Alzheimer's, cancer, sickle-cell, and others at risk.   As many as 100 lifesaving drugs--and that needs to be repeated, Mr.  Chairman, as many as 100 lifesaving drugs--could be kept from Americans  desperately in need because of Speaker Pelosi's socialist drug-pricing  scheme. This is unacceptable.   We shouldn't be pursuing policies that will harm the health and well- being of American patients, and we shouldn't destroy a system that  allows the U.S. to lead the world in new cures and treatments.   Bottom line, this radical legislation offers fewer cures, and  American families will suffer because of it.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this seriously flawed  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   