 Madam President, I rise to speak about President Trump's  shutdown and the real pain that it is causing in my home State of  Wisconsin and in communities across this country. The Trump shutdown is  now in its 21st day, tying the longest Federal Government shutdown on  record. Today is also the day that approximately 800,000 Federal  workers will not get their regularly scheduled paychecks, including  approximately 3,000 Wisconsinites. Many of these workers are doing  their jobs without pay: Coast Guard workers, Transportation Security  Administration agents, air traffic controllers, along with Federal law  enforcement, including FBI and DEA agents.   These hard-working Americans are suffering because President Trump  and Republicans in Congress refuse to support bipartisan legislation to  end this shutdown and reopen the government.   We should be working today to pass bipartisan legislation to end this  senseless and useless shutdown and reopen the government. Sadly, no  votes are scheduled today by the Senate majority leader, meaning that  the Trump shutdown will continue.   The House did their job and passed bipartisan legislation to end the  Trump shutdown, but Senator Majority Leader McConnell has thus far  objected to bringing up this legislation in the Senate. In fact,  yesterday, I joined many of my colleagues on this Senate floor in an  effort to pass, once again, bipartisan legislation to reopen the  government, but Majority Leader McConnell blocked our efforts, and the  pain will continue for so many across this country.   Why is the government shut down? Over the past 3 years, President  Trump has publicly promised well over 200 times that Mexico would pay  for his wall. Now he has shut down our government over his failure to  keep his promise. He even said that he takes pride in this Trump  shutdown.   The American people shouldn't pay for this deception, and Congress  should not make taxpayers pay billions of dollars for his wasteful and  ineffective wall. What we should do instead is reopen the government  and pass bipartisan Homeland Security legislation--supported by both  Democrats and Republicans--that provides smart and cost-effective  border security.   President Trump's shutdown has many consequences, and he has created  many victims. I want to speak about some of the pain Wisconsinites are  feeling.   In Wisconsin, the Trump shutdown is hurting farmers and rural  communities. It really could not come at a worse time. Wisconsin lost  over 600 dairy farms last year and over 500 the year before. In  response, Congress worked together on a bipartisan basis to pass a farm  bill that would support our farmers and our rural economy.   Unfortunately, with this shutdown, President Trump has threatened all  of that progress. His shutdown is stalling the implementation of the  bipartisan farm bill and delaying things like subsidy payments and  loans that farmers need to get ready for the spring planting season and  plan how they will endure in these very uncertain market conditions.   We have heard from farmers about the pain the Trump shutdown is  causing them. Here is one story. Michael Slattery is a grain farmer  from Manitowoc County, WI. He is waiting on $9,000 that the Department  of Agriculture agreed to pay him to compensate him for the losses from  the President's trade war and for conservation efforts that he  participates in on his farm.   Mr. Slattery planned to use this money to get ready for the upcoming  planting season, but now that is all on hold. To quote Mr. Slattery:  ``We are being played the stooge.''   He is right. Farmers like him have suffered enough under this  administration, and the Trump shutdown is another blow for Mr. Slattery  and farmers like him across Wisconsin and the entire Nation.   I have also heard from Kelly. Kelly lives in Black River Falls, WI.  Kelly has a disability, and she also takes care of a grandchild with a  disability. Kelly received funding from the Department of Agriculture,  including a program that specifically helps low-income and underserved  people in rural communities. The USDA had agreed to help her close on a  home and to help her make some immediate home repairs. Now the funding  is on hold. She can't pay the contractor who made the repairs, and she  is also having trouble paying the mortgage on her new home.   What is the Department of Agriculture doing to help or assist Kelly?  Right now, nothing. She can't even get information from the USDA  because of the Trump shutdown.   People like Kelly and Michael should not have to suffer because  President Trump broke a promise to make Mexico pay for an ineffective  border wall.  [[Page S160]]  Democrats and Republicans agree that President Trump should end his  shutdown and accept bipartisan legislation to fund the Department of  Agriculture and reopen other Agencies in the government.   In fact, the House passed bipartisan legislation just yesterday to  fund the USDA and reopen it for business. Unfortunately, the Senate  majority leader is blocking that legislation too.   I am calling for a vote in the U.S. Senate on the House-passed  legislation to fund the government, which Senate Republicans previously  have supported and would reopen the Federal Government and finally end  the Trump shutdown. We should pass this legislation, and the President  should sign this legislation so that this shutdown ends for people like  Kelly, people like Mike, people in rural communities, and all  communities across Wisconsin.   I yield the floor.   