 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge Congress to pass this bill, which  would fund agricultural and nutrition programs that are vital to our  Nation's farmers and well-being. I also rise to ask that my colleagues  refrain from turning millions of hardworking SNAP recipients into pawns  in a shutdown fight over a feckless border wall.   While the President continues to insist on shutting down key agencies  like the USDA, our Nation's farmers are facing uncertainty. Every  month, USDA releases the World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates  report, which provides important information about the size of crop  harvests. However, due to the shutdown, the USDA is unable to send out  this highly anticipated report, casting doubt on the agricultural  commodities markets.   Even worse, the shutdown has forced USDA to stop providing assistance  to  [[Page H395]]  the thousands of farmers feeling intense pressure from President  Trump's ridiculous trade war. Agriculture is the number two economic  driver of Florida's economy.   This shutdown could also potentially affect our public health. The  FDA cannot accept any new regulatory submissions during the shutdown.  This means that food and drug manufacturers can't provide documentation  to the agency to verify compliance with safety regulations.   The FDA has also been forced to cut back inspections of food  processing facilities, putting public health at risk. Essential  inspectors are working without pay. The FDA sets targets for  inspections, and the shutdown will prevent the agency from meeting  those targets.   Finally, we must pass this bill to avoid potentially disastrous  effects on Americans suffering from food insecurity. SNAP, also known  as food stamps, is a crucial program that helps these Americans put  food on the table, but SNAP is estimated to have only enough funding to  last until February. After that, Federal law requires USDA to ration  any available funding among SNAP recipients.   If President Trump continues to refuse to reopen the government,  almost 3.7 million people in Florida may lose the assistance that helps  feed their families. That would be a shameful situation for the  wealthiest nation on Earth.   The longer the shutdown goes on, the bigger the impact will be on our  Nation's food safety and health. I urge my colleagues to vote for this  bill because people's livelihoods and well-being are on the line.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my  colleagues to support this appropriations bill, which would fund the  Departments of Transportation and Housing and Urban Development.   Air travel is fast becoming one of the most disturbing points of  contention in this shutdown fracas.   The world's largest pilots' union recently warned in a letter to the  Trump administration that air safety could be threatened by the  shutdown.   About 10,000 FAA air traffic controllers have been deemed essential  and asked to perform a vital public safety function without pay.   These men and women are dedicated, hardworking professionals. But  this situation is unfair and untenable.   Soon, many of these vital air safety workers will begin to face  financial hardship. We cannot reasonably expect them to work without  pay.   On top of this, the FAA has fewer safety inspectors on the job than  are needed to ensure that our air traffic control system is operating  maximally.   On the ground, state transportation projects are being halted because  the federal government often pays up to 90 percent of road projects.   With the Department of Transportation shuttered, road projects  nationwide are stalling as federal payments to states are delayed.   Americans who rely on the Department of Housing and Urban Development  may face hardship, too. Due to the shutdown, HUD has stopped conducting  inspections at assisted housing units.   Residents of these housing units depend on these inspections to  ensure proper upkeep of their homes. They are important for ensuring  the maintenance of sanitation and safety.   Even more alarming, more than 1,000 contracts for government-funded  housing properties for low-income renters have expired because HUD is  shut down.   Because funding has lapsed, thousands of low-income renters may face  eviction.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, because the integrity of  our airspace and transportation systems depend on it. And so do  thousands of Americans who depend on HUD for housing.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 221, the Special  Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism Act, and thank our bipartisan  cosponsors for moving it forward.   This bill would elevate the position of Special Envoy to Monitor and  Combat Anti-Semitism to the rank of ambassador, with nomination by the  President and confirmation by the Senate. Sadly, this bill is very much  needed.   A report last year published by the Kantor Center at Tel Aviv  University found an increase in anti-Semitic harassment and abuse  worldwide, including in schools and online. The report recounts abuse  against Jews in dozens of countries around the world.   Yet, despite its clear findings, the Trump administration has yet to  even fill the position of Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti- Semitism. This is simply shameful and inexplicable. It is particularly  shameful given this President's unabashed embrace of the alt-right, a  movement which was linked to the murderous attack on the Tree of Life  synagogue, the deadliest attack on a Jewish community in American  history.   Talk is cheap. If President Trump genuinely cared about the Jewish  community, he would have made this appointment a priority--and he has  not.   I thank my colleagues who are moving this bill forward on both sides  of the aisle. I urge us to pass this bill, again, and send it to the  Senate and eventually to the President's desk so that America can lead  by example by filling this vital role that demonstrates our commitment  that Jews and people of all faiths are free to practice their religion  without fear or harm.   