 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for  yielding, and I particularly thank him for his remarks concerning this  bill.   I am particularly pleased to rise in support of this bill as a former  chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. This bill  strengthens the protections Federal employees enjoy under the  antidiscrimination laws of our country.   It reinforces the importance of this antidiscrimination provisions by  requiring that the head of that program report directly to the agency  head. It expands notification of findings of discrimination and any  action that has been taken pursuant to those findings. Surely, we  understand the importance of this section at a time when we have just  recently passed the sexual harassment provisions, and, of course, we  can see the deterrent effect of assuring any disciplinary action that  has been taken is known to the public.  [[Page H561]]    Finally, the bill bars agreements that would keep employees from  disclosing any kind of Federal violation, as well as fraud, waste, and  abuse. The latter provision is normally called a whistleblower  provision.   Madam Speaker, I particularly appreciate that the chairman has  brought this bill to the floor--I am sure it is noncontroversial--but  he has brought it at a time when Federal employees are experiencing the  longest shutdown in U.S. history. This bill cannot and does not purport  to make up in any way for the effects of the shutdown. But this bill  sends a message to Federal employees that they are particularly valued  and, so far as I can tell, it sends it in a unanimous fashion, just as  the shutdown should have a unanimous resolution.   It happens that around 62,000 Federal employees live in my own  district, because this is the Capital of the United States--the 62,000,  I should add, who are furloughed or working with no pay.   But I want to remind Members that each and every Member of this body  has Federal employees who are at home desiring to work and are  furloughed as I speak. Though I represent a large number, some Members  from the far West States should know that they are among those who  represent the largest number of Federal employees. That is how  dependent they are far away from Washington on Federal employees.   Madam Speaker, the President seems to have moved a step away from  claiming dictatorial powers to commandeer Federal funds to open the  government. That is probably because somebody drew to his attention the  extraordinary spectrum of constitutional, legal, political, and  financial issues that would be raised, not to mention a court suit that  is probably being prepared, just in case, as I speak.   But, Madam Speaker, I am coming to the floor as well to urge our  committee--and the new Democratic majority of which I am a member--to  use this crisis of Trump's making to carefully rethink the President's  emergency powers, leaving him ample room to move in case of an actual  emergency while giving Congress more latitude to contain executive  excess.    Madam Speaker, in the meantime, I want to lay before the  House the easiest of compromises. When I was a tenured professor of law  at Georgetown University Law School, I taught negotiations. We usually  worked with a number of issues in a negotiation at the same time.  However, the easiest compromise to reach is one that involves a number.  The number the President clings to is $5 billion. I can think of  endless ways--and I am sure every Member can--to compromise that  number.   So in the name of a mounting number of Americans who are beginning to  feel the consequences of the shutdown, though they are not Federal  employees--not to mention the Federal employees themselves--I am asking  even for my side to make a more concerted effort to reach an agreeable  number, even though the polls show that the American people are with  the Democrats on this issue.   As a suggestion, I ask that the Democrats appoint a subcommittee and  that the administration do the same to sit down and hammer out an  acceptable compromise.   For more than two centuries now, we have operated under a separation- of-powers government to make tyrannical rule nearly impossible. Even  Trump is hesitating to declare an emergency to get his border wall.  That throws the ball in our camp, we who are Democrats who control this  House. I ask that we accept it, use it, run with it, and settle this  matter now.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   