 Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to  this motion.    Mr. Speaker, this is an outrageous and truly  insulting amendment meant to do nothing more than to score cheap  political points.   Let's be clear, Republicans are offering this amendment to take a  stand against a socialist dictator, but they plan to vote against this  bill, a bill that does nothing more than protect people from that very  dictator. In other words, Republicans want to say that they support the  Venezuelan people, but they are completely unwilling to do anything for  them.   I have just one thing to say to my Republican colleagues: Venezuelans  don't need your empty words. They need action now.   Let's be clear: Every American opposes dictatorial oppression,  whether it comes from the far left or from the far right. In South  America, we have seen dictators from the right and the left, like  Augusto Pinochet in Chile or Jorge Rafael Videla in Argentina, both of  whom killed and disappeared thousands of their own citizens in pursuit  of rightwing agendas.   During those regimes, we condemned dictators. I hope you remember  those times, Mr. Speaker. We did not use the tragedy of the people to  score cheap political points.   We all oppose dictatorship and tyranny. It is what binds us together  as Americans.   Coming from South America, I understand very well what happens when  we see a dictator rise, when it goes unchecked. Instead of honoring  democratic principles, this amendment uses it as a political weapon to  divide our Nation.   That is bad enough, but it is worse when those who offer the  amendment are also unwilling to help oppressed people who find  themselves in a similar situation to the countless immigrants who came  to Plymouth Rock, Ellis Island, or the Freedom Tower.   Let me ask this: Do you think that oppressed Venezuelans, immigrants  who desperately fled to the United States to seek refuge, prefer that  we vote and waste our time on an empty condemnation or that we pass  meaningful legislation to prevent the administration from deporting  them back to a country suffering one of the worst humanitarian crises  in this hemisphere?   Trump has said that he condemns Maduro and that he supports the  Venezuelan people, but his words are as empty as this Republican motion  before us.   Trump's hypocritical immigration policies have left this House no  other option but to act. We have the opportunity to set aside politics,  like 37 of my Republican colleagues did on Tuesday, and do right by our  Venezuelan brothers and sisters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this motion to  recommit.   Let's support our Venezuelan brothers and sisters. ``Apoyemos a  nuestros hermanos venezolanos.''   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   