 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 988,  the ``National Estuaries and Acidification Research Act of 2019.''   H.R. 988 provides a study by the Ocean Studies Board of the National  Academies of Science examining the impact of ocean acidification and  other stressors in estuarine environments.   The bill would authorize the appropriation of $1 million for a  report, to be completed in two years, that examines the challenges to  studying ocean acidification, provides recommendations for improving  future research, and identifies ways to apply science while mitigating  and managing ocean acidification in estuarine environments.   Ocean acidification occurs when there are changes in ocean water  chemistry from the absorption of excess carbon dioxide, but the current  understanding of ocean acidification impacts on estuarine ecosystems is  inadequate to fully prepare and manage for changing environmental  conditions in nearshore locations.   It is critical that we better understand the interaction of multiple  stressors, including salinity, pH, temperature, sea level rise, and  nutrient input, within estuarine ecosystems so that the health,  economic, recreational, and environmental impacts driven by these  interactions can be effectively managed.   This bill will allow the Ocean Studies Board of the National  Academies to conduct a study that--examines the existing science of  ocean acidification in estuarine environments; examines the challenges  to studying ocean acidification and ocean acidification's interactions  with other environment stressors in estuarine environments; provides  recommendations for improving future research with respect to ocean  acidification in estuarine environments; and identifies pathways for  applying science in management and mitigation decisions relating to  ocean acidification in estuarine environments.   Through transportation, recreation, tourism, and other port  activities, healthy estuaries are critical to the economy of coastal  communities and contribute $320 billion to our nation's GDP.   In addition, estuaries filter sediments and pollutants out before  river water reaches the ocean and provide habitat for more than 75  percent of commercially caught fish in the United States.   When enacted, H.R. 988 will create a better understanding of coastal  acidification, so we can better manage and mitigate its effects on our  nation's estuaries and other natural treasures.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 988  to confront ocean acidification, which poses a strong threat to the  estuaries that America's coastal residents depend on for nutrition,  employment, and recreation.   