 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a woman  who was more than just our colleague. She was our friend, and I am  missing my friend today.   When I think about Senator Kay Hagan, I remember a lot of things.  First was her deep dedication to public service. From the moment she  woke up until the sun set behind her beloved Blue Ridge Mountains, Kay  was focused on serving the people of North Carolina and the State she  loved so much.   It was such an honor working with her, especially on behalf of North  Carolina's farmers, small towns, and rural communities that she loved  so much. She was passionate about the health of the land and the people  who live and work on it.   Second, Kay was a fighter. We all knew that. Growing up between two  brothers probably contributed to that. I have two brothers myself, and  I can attest to the fact that it toughens you up.   We saw that spark every day on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Kay had  a deep and abiding sense of justice, and she stood up for North  Carolina families every single day, even when it wasn't easy and even  when she paid a political price for it.   She stood up for expanding healthcare and protecting the rights of  North Carolina women and families. That same fighting spirit kept her  going through her own grueling health challenges.   I had the chance to visit with her a couple of years ago when she was  receiving treatment at a rehabilitation hospital in Georgia. She was  working so hard to recover her ability to move and to talk, but one  thing hadn't changed--that spark in her eyes.   I know I speak for all of us when I say that Kay's grace and  endurance over the past 3 years were incredibly inspiring.   Finally, when I think of Kay, I think of kindness. In a city full of  sharp words and even sharper elbows, Kay was unfailingly optimistic and  an absolute joy to work with.   I know that even my Republican colleagues would agree with me and  join in our sorrow over her loss.   Kay and I happened to have daughters who were getting married around  the same time, and as many of you know, mothers of brides love to talk  about wedding plans and to share photos about the big day, and we  shared a lot of photos.   I will never forget the way her face would always light up whenever  she talked about her family. She was so proud of each and every one of  them, and they were proud of her too.   In her final floor speech, Kay shared one of her guiding principles,  a paraphrase of Luke 12:48: To whom much is given, much is expected.   This Chamber and this country are better for having known Senator Kay  Hagan. She lived by that principle. She gave us so much, and she gave  it with her whole heart.   Knowing Kay was a gift, and I feel so fortunate to have been able to  call her my friend. My deepest condolences are with her husband Chip  and their children and their extended family and many, many friends and  her beloved State of North Carolina.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   