 Madam Speaker, I am so proud to rise today as part of this  wonderful, diverse, strong, and vibrant freshman class.   As we mark the 100 first days of the 116th Congress, it has been a  busy time, to say the least. In our first days of this 116th Congress,  I have met with more than 150 constituents. I have held five townhalls  and question-and-answer events and visited 17 local businesses and 10  local schools.   I have met with educators and labor leaders, health workers, business  leaders, manufacturers, students, and senior citizens.   I have heard the same messages from constituents of all backgrounds  throughout Pennsylvania's Seventh District:   Build an economy that delivers for working and middle-class people;   Protect benefits like Medicare and Social Security that we have  earned;   Defend the rights and dignity of all people;   Work across the aisle on urgent priorities, like protecting our  communities from gun violence, combating the opioid epidemic, and  protecting the environment; and   Fight to ensure that the next generation doesn't have a lower  standard of living than its parents.   These messages have driven and shaped my work, particularly as a  Member of the Education and Labor Committee, where we have been working  on legislation to raise the minimum wage, make workplaces safer for  working Pennsylvanians and all Americans, help students saddled with  student loan debt, and make higher education more inclusive and  affordable.   I am so proud of everything we are doing in the Education and Labor  Committee to build an economy and education system that lifts all  workers, all students, all Pennsylvanians, and all Americans. I am also  proud that I am keeping my promises to my constituents.   My promise to work to improve our healthcare system, lower healthcare  costs, and protect people with preexisting conditions led me to  introduce my own bill as part of a larger effort to improve the  Affordable Care Act--the Family Healthcare Affordability Act--to fix  the ACA family glitch, an issue that has prevented some workers from  being able to extend their employer-provided insurance to their  families. My bill is a small fix to a big problem for many working  families.   I also committed to my constituents that I would work to reform our  government, reduce the influence of money in politics, and ensure that  every American has a voice in our democracy. We kept that commitment  when we passed H.R. 1, a landmark government reform package that  included my bill to enact early voting across the country. In  Pennsylvania, we don't have early voting, and that hurts working and  lower income people who often have far less time and flexibility to get  to the polls.   This has been a productive 100 days, but people in my community and  across the country are counting on us to do so much more. They are also  counting on the Senate and the White House to do their part so that the  legislation we are passing gets signed into law.   In these next 100 days, I will continue working to bring about a more  just, more equal future across our community, and I will continue doing  everything I can to make the people of the Seventh District proud.   