 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, since 1950, the sea level in south Florida  has risen 8 inches and it is only speeding up. By 2030, the sea level  in south Florida is projected to rise up to 12 inches, and by the end  of the century, perhaps 80 inches. If we continue to do nothing on  climate change, my community, and, in fact, my district, will  disappear.   We have a moral obligation to mitigate and adapt immediately, as we  are already seeing the effects of climate change and sea level rise.   That is why I was so heartened when the international community came  together to sign the Paris Agreement, and that is why I was so  devastated when this administration announced the United States'  withdrawal.   The Paris Agreement strengthens the international response to climate  change adaptation, mitigation, and capacity building. It is our best,  collective effort to combat climate change.   The withdrawal from the Paris Agreement and the failure to act on  climate is a mistake with global implications and catastrophic  consequences for my south Florida community.   I am proud to support H.R. 9 because it rejects the decision to  withdraw from Paris and requires the President to develop a plan to  meet the United States' commitment under the agreement.   My amendment strengthens the bill because it makes clear that  addressing climate change means addressing its effects that are  ravaging our coastal communities, sea level rise, saltwater intrusion,  and flooding.   My region's drinking water is seriously threatened as the sea rises  and the saltwater reaches further inland and gets dangerously close to  our fragile aquifer.   In south Florida, it no longer takes a strong hurricane to flood our  streets. They now flood just from a particularly high tide, such as the  king tides. In fact, tidal flooding has become three times as common in  south Florida in just the past 19 years, causing so-called sunny-day  flooding. We simply cannot wait.   Coastal communities around the world, including my south Florida  community, are counting on us. I urge support for this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Pallone).    Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have completed my statement. This is  absolutely critical to my south Florida community.   I yield back the balance of my time.   