 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4300, the Fostering  Stable Housing Opportunities Act, and I thank the manager, Mr. Green,  and  [[Page H8939]]  Representative Wagner for their wholehearted support.   The Fostering Stable Housing Opportunities Act is a bipartisan bill  that addresses the needs of foster youth facing homelessness as they  age out of the foster care system.   Every year, approximately 20,000 young people across this country age  out of foster care. Studies show that between one-fifth to one-third of  these young adults will become homeless in transition years.   That sudden and permanent transition from foster care to adulthood-- including the loss of financial, educational, and social supports that  the child welfare system provides--places these vulnerable youth at  risk of homelessness and housing instability.   In my home State of Pennsylvania, for example, 32 percent of foster  youth surveyed in fiscal year 2018 reported that they had been homeless  by the age of 21. That is nearly a third of the young people coming out  of the foster care system.   The Fostering Stable Housing Opportunities Act will address this  problem by reforming and extending the current voucher system. It  provides vouchers from HUD on demand to foster youth who are at risk of  becoming homeless, rather than forcing them to spend years on waiting  lists.   Furthermore, this bill incentivizes young people to participate in  self-sufficiency activities by extending their assistance for up to an  additional 2 years. Qualifying activities include pursuing an  education, workforce development, or employment.   Finally, the Fostering Stable Housing Opportunities Act builds upon  the current Family Unification Program under the foster youth portion  to better align the child welfare and affordable housing systems and to  coordinate and improve the lives of foster youth.   This bill is endorsed by more than 40 organizations, including the  National Alliance to End Homelessness, National Low Income Housing  Coalition, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, and the Child  Welfare League of America.   I thank my colleague on the Financial Services Committee in  particular, Congressman Stivers, for his leadership on this bipartisan  bill; as well as Congresswoman Bass, founder and co-chair of the  Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth; and Congressman Turner, who has  been a leader on this issue for many years.   Finally, I thank the Financial Services Committee chair, Chairwoman  Waters, for her support on this legislation.   The Fostering Stable Housing Opportunities Act passed the Financial  Services Committee unanimously, and I urge Members of the full House to  pass it as well.    