 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Visclosky for his  leadership on the Defense appropriations bill, as well as Mr. McGovern,  our Rules Committee chair, for making this amendment in order.   My amendment deals with one particular piece of the administration's  escalation of our nuclear warfighting capability, and that is the long- range standoff weapon, or LRSO. This new nuclear-armed cruise missile  does not add to our country's already strong strategic deterrent.  Instead, it performs a redundant purpose that can already be  accomplished with the standoff capability of other weapons systems.   The CBO estimates that, over 10 years, canceling the production of  this weapon would save us about $13 billion. That is $13 billion that  could go into education or infrastructure or healthcare or housing or  even investments in foreign assistance and diplomacy that would  actually keep us safer.   I am deeply concerned, Madam Chair, that continuing to pour more and  more money into building up our nuclear arsenal puts us down a  dangerous course. Just this past weekend, we found ourselves in yet  another escalation of tensions with Iran, with the Secretary of State  saying that the administration is ``considering a full range of  options,'' including military options in response to the attack on two  tankers in the Gulf of Oman. And just last night, President Trump  announced that he is sending another 1,000 American troops to the  Middle East.   Meanwhile, let me remind my colleagues that this administration has  recklessly torn up former President Reagan's Intermediate-Range Nuclear  Forces, or INF, Treaty with Russia, pulled out of President Obama's  historic nonproliferation accord with Iran, and escalated inflammatory  tensions and rhetoric with some of the world's most powerful nuclear- armed states.   The President's agenda outlined in his 2018 nuclear posture review  would also resurrect former nuclear capabilities that bipartisan  administrations have wisely eliminated. According to many expert  observers, some of the upgrades made to our nuclear program in the past  few years could be interpreted as plans for a ``first strike.''   Let me be clear, the Trump administration's plan to develop the LRSO  cruise missile is not only wasteful, but potentially dangerous. It will  make our country, in my opinion, less safe. The weapon is expected to  be significantly more capable than the cruising system it is replacing.  It will be likely harder to detect, have a longer range, fly faster,  and be more accurate. The weapon will also be deployed on advancing  penetrating bombers, which are less detectable and designed to  infiltrate enemy air defenses.   In contrast, the system that the LRSO is replacing is only carried by  the B-52, which flies relatively slowly and is easily spotted by radar.  As a result, the new cruise missile and bomber could allow attacks on  an array of targets without being detected first, and that could lead  to devastating miscalculation and, potentially, to accidental nuclear  war.   Madam Chair, don't just take may word for it. Let me tell you that  former Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis stated that he is not sold on  the LRSO. Why are we appropriating money to something that the former  Secretary of Defense for the Republican administration is not sold on?   In a Washington Post op-ed in 2015, William Perry, Secretary of  Defense from 1994 to 1997, and Andy Weber, Assistant Secretary of  Defense for Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological Defense  [[Page H4728]]  Programs from 2009 to 2014, wrote about the LRSO: ``Some have argued  that a new nuclear-capable air-launched cruise missile is necessary to  allow future Presidents the `flexibility' to engage Russia or China in  limited nuclear war. That is Cold War thinking, and it is dangerous.  Such `tactical' use of nuclear weapons would be a grave mistake.''   Our nuclear weapons arsenal is about deterrent capabilities, not  warfighting. It is troubling, then, that proponents of the LRSO,  including the Defense Department, have said that the missile is needed  for capabilities ``beyond deterrence.''   The Pentagon argues that the LRSO could be used to respond  ``proportionately to a limited nuclear attack.'' I would argue that  this is dangerous Cold War thinking and that there is no such thing as  a limited nuclear war.   My amendment is specifically focused on halting development of the  LRSO, which wouldn't be deployed until the early 2030s, but we also  have to look at this weapon and the message that it is sending as part  of this administration's dangerous escalation of our nuclear posture.  This President has joked about his nuclear button being ``bigger and  more powerful'' than Kim Jong-un's. This is terrifying, unacceptable,  and it is our duty to exert congressional oversight on this issue.   By canceling this weapon, we can send a signal that there is no such  thing as limited nuclear annihilation, and instead of promoting weapons  that enable nuclear warfighting, we can affirm that a nuclear war can  never be won.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   