 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1644, the Save the  Internet Act. The Save the Internet Act is a simple and transparent  piece of legislation that will restore the widely supported 2015 Open  Internet Order rules and reinstate the consumer protections previously  applied to industry by the Federal Communications Commission. I am  proud to support the Save the Internet Act and thrilled to see Congress  doing its job and protecting consumers once again.   Across the United States, more than 129 million people are limited to  a single provider for broadband internet access. Of those 129 million  Americans, about 52 million must obtain internet access from a company  that has violated network neutrality protections in the past and  continues to undermine the policy today. This leaves over 177 million  Americans, in primarily underserved communities, left without any  market protection following the repeal of the 2015 Open Internet Order.   The FCC's repeal of the 2015 Open Internet Order harmed all internet  users, but it disproportionately hurt people of color in underserved  communities. This is unacceptable, and Congress must fulfill its duty  to represent and protect Americans' interests.   My amendment would call on the Comptroller General and the Government  Accountability Office to conduct a study on the importance of net  neutrality and what access to the internet means to those in vulnerable  communities. Specifically, it will examine the importance of net  neutrality on the socioeconomically disadvantaged, individuals with  disabilities, the elderly, racial and ethnic minorities, and  individuals from rural communities.   By mandating that the study be conducted by the GAO, we can ensure  that the data collected is transparent and free of political  motivation. With this report, Congress will be able to decide for  itself what the best course for it will be for the vulnerable consumer.   Over 80 percent of Americans support net neutrality and agree that an  open internet uplifts the voices of people of color, rural communities,  socioeconomically disadvantaged, the elderly, and disabled. It is no  coincidence that all these constituencies have joined together,  alongside millions of individual internet users. An open internet  levels the playing field and gives all Americans a better shot at  prosperity and a better opportunity to achieve the American Dream.   Madam Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support gathering critical  information to help us improve connectivity for our most vulnerable  Americans and to vote in the affirmative for my amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   