 Mr. President, July 20 marks the 50th anniversary of the  first step man took on the Moon. For that brief moment, all mankind  stood united, watching an awesome spectacle transpire few would have  imagined possible just years earlier. It stands as one of the greatest  achievements in the history of mankind, and it cemented the United  States as the world leader in science, technology, and discovery.   In 1961, when President Kennedy boldly challenged the Nation to land  a man on the Moon and return him safely to Earth by the end of the  decade, the technology needed to do so, for the most part, didn't even  exist.   That we accomplished this monumental goal is a testament to American  ingenuity and innovation. In fact, some of the very technology  developed for the Apollo missions is still having a positive impact on  the lives of Iowans nearly half a century later. Our first responders  wear fire-resistant textiles developed for the use in Apollo space  suits. Our communities rely on water purification technology designed  for the Apollo spacecraft. Our soldiers in the field depend on the  MREs, Meals Ready to Eat, created to safely feed Neil Armstrong, Buzz  Aldrin, and Michael Collins on their half-million-mile journey to the  Moon and back. My daughter Libby, who is a cadet at West Point, was  recently sharing some very strong opinions about these MREs, but maybe  she will feel differently after I tell her this was actually food for  astronauts.   Yet, in all seriousness, when the government makes wise and sound  investments in the development of emerging technology, the benefits can  be tremendous.   GPS is a great example of this, especially in Iowa. GPS has its roots  in the military and has a strong Air Force stewardship, and its  significance only continues to grow with the advancements of satellites  and the development of drones. Yet GPS has evolved beyond just military  use; it impacts the everyday lives of Iowans. From driving directions  in rideshare services to the electric power grid, GPS is utilized by  businesses and consumers across the country. This important technology  supports new and emerging applications, including water quality,  driverless vehicles, and precision agriculture. It is estimated that  civilian and commercial access to GPS added $90 billion in annual value  to the U.S. economy in 2013.   Examples like these demonstrate why it is so important this body and  our Nation as a whole continue to push the envelope when it comes to  science, technology, and discovery, and that is exactly what Senate  Republicans have been doing.   As chairman of the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging  Threats and Capabilities, I have made it a priority to ensure that the  United States remains the world's leader in the development of  artificial intelligence, or AI. From novel defensive capabilities and  data analysis to the predictive maintenance of military hardware, there  is no overstating the value of AI to our national security.   I also fought to ensure the recent Defense bill prioritized the  continued development of advanced manufacturing techniques, otherwise  known as 3D printing. Look no further than Rock Island Arsenal, which  employs so many of my fellow Iowans. They are doing some truly  innovative work in this arena--work that has the potential to transform  the way we supply our men and women in uniform. As a former company  commander who oversaw supply convoys into a war zone, I know personally  how important this is.   Of course, there is a consensus on both sides of the aisle that we  can do more to get our students--especially young girls--excited about  futures in STEM and STEAM. I hope we can work together to advance that  effort in the near future. After all, the Moon landing could have never  happened without the contributions of thousands of women from across  the Nation. These unsung heroes did everything from developing Apollo's  onboard software to weaving the copper wire for the spacecraft's  guidance system.   As we mark the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing, there  will be countless commemorations and tributes to this monumental event.  We will look back on President Kennedy's bold call to action, the  hundreds of thousands of hard-working American men and women who  answered that call, and the three heroes who rode Apollo 11 to the Moon  and back. Then, in that same spirit, we will turn our gaze to the  future--to the innovation, to the  [[Page S4888]]  technology, and to discovery. Be it here on Earth or out amongst the  stars, the United States will continue to lead the way as we look to  take that next great step for mankind.   