 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I first want to commend the Senator  from Iowa for suggesting that we take the occasion of Valentine's week  to come to the Senate floor and talk a bit about our home States. Of  course, each of us is convinced that we represent the best State in the  Union, but in my case it happens to be true.   Valentine's Day is celebrated around the world with flowers, candy,  and romance. It is also a time to reflect upon the places and the  people we love. To me, this is an occasion to celebrate the State in  which I was born, raised, and live--the great State of Maine.   People who know Maine share my love for its spectacular scenery--the  rolling hills of Aroostook County, the rocky coast and the many  harbors, the beautiful western mountains, the quiet forests, the  beautiful rivers, and the pristine lakes. The boundless recreational  opportunities our outdoors offer lifts our hearts, and the abundant  wildlife inspires us.   I love Maine's food. From our clean ocean comes the best lobster in  the world, and from our fertile soil grows the potatoes and wild  blueberries that are unmatched. From gourmet mustard from Eastport to  craft beer throughout the State, Maine artisans are finding new ways to  delight our taste buds. There simply is no better place to enjoy a  wonderful meal than the great restaurants in the State of Maine. Add to  that our wonderful museums, Acadia National Park, State parks, and art  galleries, and it is easy to see why more than 1 million tourists come  to our State each year.   Most of all, I love the people of the State of Maine. They are hard- working, self-reliant, and compassionate. They revere tradition and yet  are so innovative. In good times, they are grateful. In difficult  times, they are resilient. They serve their communities and their  country, caring for their neighbors and their neighborhoods. They are  always ready to lend a helping hand.   I love Maine's sense of community. Our annual town meetings each  spring are evidence of the willingness of Mainers to come together to  chart their own course.   This community spirit will be on display next week with our high  school basketball tournaments, where athletes from cities and towns all  over the State gather in Bangor, Augusta, and Portland for spirited  competition and sportsmanship.   How well I remember the excitement of traveling from Caribou to  Bangor 50 years ago, when I was a sophomore in high school, to watch  our high school team win the coveted gold ball on a half-court buzzer  shot--the shot that was heard around the State. It was the most  exciting sports event I have ever attended. These tournaments are among  the great traditions of our State, as are the many festivals and fairs  that occur throughout the summer months and the fall.   It is such an honor to represent the people of Maine in the U.S.  Senate. Maine is a State of entrepreneurs, and I enjoy working for  policies that enable our small businesses to start up, grow, and  prosper. Most importantly, they create the majority of jobs in our  State.   Maine is a State of wise senior citizens--the oldest State in the  Nation by average age. Developing the policies that will allow our  seniors to age in their own communities and to live in security and  health is among my top priorities.   Maine is a State with one of the highest percentages of veterans per  capita in the entire country. Mainers have always answered the call to  serve our Nation. We must ensure that the brave men and women who  defend our freedom receive the services and the respect they  deserve. At Bath Iron Works, home to the world's best shipbuilders,  Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Saco Defense, Pratt & Whitney,  and other companies that contribute to our national defense, it is the  skilled Maine workers who help to keep America strong, and I am so  proud of their vital contributions.    The poet Robert Frost wrote, ``We love the things we love for what  they are.'' I love the State of Maine for what it is and its people for  who they are, and I wish them all a very happy Valentine's Day.  [[Page S1188]]    Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   