 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, one of the most sacred promises our Nation  makes is our pledge to care for our men and women in uniform when they  return home.   When it became clear that the VA was falling short of that standard,  I am proud to say that we here in the Senate put politics aside, rolled  up our sleeves, and actually got to work.   The result was the VA MISSION Act, a bipartisan bill that aims to  ensure our veterans are receiving the quality care they have earned and  deserve. I was honored to have been on hand in the Rose Garden  representing Iowa, its veterans, and its military families, as  President Trump signed this bill into law.   This month, the more than 200,000 veterans across Iowa will begin to  see the benefits of those reforms as the VA begins to implement the VA  MISSION Act. That is because one major focus of the bill was to make  sure it would help the VA do a better job of taking care of our  veterans in rural and underserved areas.   Toward that end, one significant reform that is going into effect  this month aims to allow rural or disabled veterans to receive care  from the comfort of their own home by increasing telehealth and  telemedicine services provided by the VA. This was a provision I pushed  for, starting with my VETS Act, and I am so glad it made it into the  final package.   You see, we in Iowa know that rural and disabled vets face an even  harder uphill battle when it comes to getting quality healthcare. This  is because doctors aren't right down the street or a short drive away.  These folks have to drive many miles just to see a caregiver and  sometimes many more for followup treatments or procedures.   The law includes a lot of other great reforms. It expands VA  caregiver benefits to pre-9/11 veterans. It takes steps to modernize VA  facilities, increases resources to hire more providers, and helps  ensure prompt payment to community providers. It is just another  example of how, despite what folks may see on television, the Senate is  passing legislation that is making a positive impact on Americans'  lives.   Our veterans have selflessly sacrificed in defense of our freedom and  our great way of life. They deserve nothing less than the benefits they  were promised and better access to quality care.   With the VA MISSION Act, the Senate has given the VA the tools it  needs to work toward keeping that promise. I am so thankful for the  other Members who will be joining me here today on the floor to talk  through the successes of the implementation of the VA MISSION Act.   Of course, a strong leader who brought this bill over the finish line  is the chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee.   I yield to the wonderful Senator from the great State of Georgia,  Johnny Isakson.   (Mr. PERDUE assumed the Chair.)   