 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Perry for yielding.  I have to say it was quite difficult to listen to you, not because you  are not articulate, but these stories are horrific. I just thank you on  a bipartisan basis that we can address this horrible, horrible  situation.   I am rising here today and I am joining, of course, Representative  Perry on International Day of Zero Tolerance for Female Genital  Mutilation. I say that every girl, no matter where she is born, has a  right to live free of violence.   When women and girls are empowered, when they are provided access to  quality healthcare and education, communities thrive. In fact, the best  predictor of a country's peacefulness is how well its women are  treated.   Uplifting the value of women around the world is an American value  that must continue. And still, there are horrific norms and cultural  practices, like female genital mutilation, or we call it FGM for short,  and it is holding back women from reaching their full potential.   Representative Perry, I actually met a victim of this very, very  cruel act last year. She came to a panel discussion. Her name was Jaha,  a young woman from Gambia. She told us that when she was actually born,  when she was 1 week old, she was mutilated, and that at age 15, she was  married off. She told us this is very common. It is happening to  something like 200 million women today.   Now, Jaha, she is a champion, because she broke away from her  marriage and she became a champion advocate for her daughter. She  became an advocate. Through her advocacy, FGM is now banned in Gambia.  So she has shown us that it can be done.   200 million girls and women today have been cut, leaving them with  irreversible emotional and physical damage which can lead to infection,  severe bleeding, complication in childbirth and increased risk of  newborn death.   It is horrific, it is inhumane, and it is a gross violation of human  rights. And it is not just tied to one religion or culture; it could  happen anywhere. It is unbelievable to say that it still happens in the  United States of America, as you so aptly pointed out.   I am very happy to be here with you. In fact, I am very proud to be  here with you to just send a clear message that FGM is unacceptable. It  must stop. And I am so pleased to join you in all your efforts, our  joint efforts to stop this practice.   And I will add something: In the United States, there is more that we  can do in terms of resources. At least $15 million is needed, annually,  to continue our efforts. I would like to see us put into law the U.S.  strategies to prevent and respond to gender-based violence, globally,  and to empower adolescent girls, recognizing that FGM is a gender-based  violence.   As importantly, we must restore our funding to the U.N. Population  Fund, which is providing care to 2 million survivors around the world.  It is time we recommit to ensuring the safety and empowerment of women  and girls.   Mr. Speaker, I know Representative Perry would join me in saying,  when women succeed, so does the world.   