 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. It is  the product of bipartisan negotiations that reflect compromise and a  shared desire to fund the Federal Government.   The Interior and Environment section provides $36 billion, which is  $437 million more than last year's fiscal year 2019 enacted bill.   We make critical investments in environmental protection, in Indian  Country, to public land management, and the arts.   Here are a few highlights: $43 million for PFAS research to set  standards for clean drinking water and for cleaning up PFAS; an  additional $24 million for EPA enforcement and compliance activities,  the first increase in a decade; the largest increase in a decade for  the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities, each funded at $162  million; and the Land and Water Conservation Fund is at the highest  level since 2003, with $495 million in new funding.   The bill enhances the EPA's ability to protect human health and the  health of our environment, providing $9.08 billion, the second-highest  level ever for the agency. An all-time high for environmental justice  funding is included at over $10 million.   It also provides record funding for the endangered species program at  a time when 1 million plant and animal species are at risk of  extinction.   We continue our subcommittee's nonpartisan approach to issues facing  our Native American brothers and sisters by investing in programs  critical to the health, safety, and well-being of Native peoples.   In the bill, we are serious about addressing the climate crisis and  recognize the importance of science in understanding how our planet is  changing. We prioritize funding by providing $52 million for renewable  energy development and $416 million for climate change research and  adaptation activities, a $30 million increase.   Programs in the Interior bill impact all of us, preserving our  natural and cultural heritage to ensure the air we breathe and the  water we drink is clean not only for today but for future generations.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this bill. I wholeheartedly thank staff on both sides for their  help in making this happen.   