 Madam Speaker, I thank our Republican leader of the Rules  Committee for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, we have heard a lot this morning already, a desire, a  desperation almost, on the part of my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle that the Nation take this body seriously. They need to start  acting like they take themselves seriously, Madam Speaker.   When we are here gathered, discussing this most grave and solemn  obligation we have, addressing impeachment, we know, Madam Speaker,  what a serious process would look like. We have seen it before. We have  seen Members on both sides of this aisle in the past when we have been  engaged in the impeachment of a President act in a way that is serious,  reflects the dignity of this body, and reflects the importance of the  Constitution. That is the opposite, Madam Speaker, of what we have seen  so far.   No matter what my colleagues say about this legislation, no matter  what my colleagues say about the process they have been engaged in to  date, it is absolutely the case that it has been a secret process that  has denied rights to the minority, that has involved leaking  selectively things that the majority would like to have leaked, in  which rights have absolutely been denied, and they cannot fix that.  They cannot fix what has been a tainted record and a tainted process by  now suddenly pretending they are opening it up.   Madam Speaker, let me say one other thing. Every time I hear my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about efforts to somehow  undermine national security for political gain, I can't help but think  about what they are doing precisely this morning.   When we are facing the threats we are facing as a Nation, my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle--Speaker Pelosi, Chairman  Schiff, and others--take what is arguably the single most important  national security committee in this body, the House Intelligence  Committee, and they tell the House Intelligence Committee: Turn away  from those threats. Do not focus on oversight. Do not focus on the  challenges  [[Page H8690]]  we face. Instead, we are going to consume you in a political, partisan  process to impeach the President of the United States.   Madam Speaker, my colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle will  be held accountable by history for what they are doing.    Madam Speaker, they will be held accountable by history  for what they are doing. They have absolutely no right to talk about  threats to this Nation if they are diverting the full attention,  resources, and focus of the House Intelligence Committee onto a sham  political process run by Chairman Schiff and Speaker Pelosi.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution.   