 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support this  amendment. The amendment requires navigators to receive training on how  to assist consumers with Medicaid and CHIP enrollment.   This amendment has also been scored by the Congressional Budget  Office to have no effect on direct spending or revenue.   The health insurance navigator's program was created by the  Affordable Care Act to assist individuals with selecting and enrolling  in health insurance coverage plans.   They were intended to carry out public education activities, provide  information to prospective enrollees about insurance options and  Federal assistance, and examine enrollees' eligibility for other  Federal or State healthcare programs.   Fundamentally, their responsibility was to help people make the best  healthcare decisions for themselves and their families.   Unfortunately, this essential program has been targeted in recent  years, among others. The administration has slashed the open enrollment  period in half, slashed funding for consumer outreach and enrollment  education activities by 90 percent, and slashed funding for navigators  by 84 percent.   Because of this intentional sabotage, enrollment in the Federal  marketplace has dropped each year under this Presidency.   In my home State of Texas, we are, unfortunately, deeply familiar  with the consequences of the lack of health insurance.   Texas has the highest rate of uninsured people in the Nation, with  4.7 million people lacking coverage and adequate access to healthcare.   As representatives of Americans from all corners of the country, we  have a responsibility to ensure that our constituents and communities  are knowledgeable and can access the health insurance best suited for  their individual health needs.   By voting in favor of this amendment, Congress will ensure that  navigators are fully equipped and informed to assist our families and  children with their potential options within the Medicaid and CHIP  programs.   I appreciate my colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce  and their partnership in expanding training requirements for  navigators, and in the Strengthening Healthcare and Lowering  Prescription Drug Costs Act.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have no further statements, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   