 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague  from Florida for joining forces with me this evening to host this  bipartisan Special Order hour in honor of National Police Week.   As you are about to see, supporting our law enforcement is an issue  that unifies us across geography and political party, bringing together  diverse perspectives and deep gratitude. I am so proud to rise in  support of our law enforcement and the professional peace officers who  work tirelessly every single day for the safety and security of our  communities.   I represent California's 25th Congressional District, which is home  to many of the police officers who serve all of Los Angeles County. My  community is rooted in service. It is a value that I grew up with, and  one of the reasons that I chose to serve my community by running for  office.   My dad is an Air Force veteran and has spent three decades in law  enforcement. In fact, he was here with us this week as part of a large  group from our district who flew out for Police Week.   As a little girl, I remember what it was like to wonder if my dad  would make it home at night. I remember being so scared for his life  because he was on the front lines protecting mine and all of the other  members of our community. I was proud of him then, and I am proud of  him now.   But unlike then, I now have the opportunity to fight for him and the  men and women serving just like him. Protecting and supporting our law  enforcement should not be partisan. The speakers joining us today  demonstrate that we can have meaningful, legislative reform that works  across the aisle.   I want to briefly touch on several pieces of legislation that I  believe will protect and support our police officers, including H.R.  838, the Threat Assessment, Prevention, and Safety Act, or TAPS, which  institutes a process that will identify, investigate, assess, and  mitigate threats before they happen.   Fighting for law enforcement also means supporting legislation like  H.R. 2070, the POWER Act, to develop new grants for chemical screening;  H.R. 1236, the Extreme Risk Protection Order Act, to empower police to  keep guns out of the wrong hands; and H.R. 2379, the Bulletproof Vest  Partnership, to increase the number of lifesaving bulletproof vests  accessible to our law enforcement. Through these bills and others in  development, we can keep our communities and officers safe.   Most importantly, I am standing here today to honor the life of  Officer Johnathan Tanner. He is a true public servant from the Antelope  Valley in my district, who passed away, tragically, at the age of 28  years old after battling cancer. He will be remembered for his  steadfast devotion to his community, his church, and his family.   Officer Tanner proudly served the California Highway Patrol with a  dedication to the safety of the Antelope Valley. In just his first year  out of training, he received the Mothers Against Drunk Driving Award  for Excellence in removing impaired drivers from the road, and he was  known for his efforts to build public trust in law enforcement.    Out of uniform, Officer Tanner served his community by volunteering  his time at Lancaster Baptist Church, where he was a lifelong member.  He taught youth ministry classes, coached sports teams, and led a bus  route that gives children rides to church.   Officer Tanner leaves behind his wife, Jessie, their two young sons,  and a baby girl who is expected to arrive later this month. He is also  survived by his parents, two older brothers, and a younger sister.   I am proud to have represented Officer Tanner, and I know that his  loved ones and the community will carry on the legacy of his light in  the world.   Today, in honor of Police Week and in honor of all of the members of  our law enforcement community, I am proud to stand in support of the  men and women who put their lives on the line every single day like  Officer Tanner and like my dad.   Thank you for all you do.    Madam Speaker, I wanted to finish out by  thanking the 2,200 Capitol Police officers here who protect us and the  3 to 5 million people who visit the U.S. Capitol every single year.   They do the job that often goes unnoticed, but we are ensured our  safety and protection, and that of every single person who comes to  visit us, because of their hard work and service.   To every single law enforcement professional who dedicates their life  every single day, we are eternally grateful. I am so proud to be  working with my colleagues to continue to fight for recognizing our  officers and to take this forward for many years to come.   