 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   As the Representative of a district that has one of the largest  constituencies of older Americans, I am proud to rise as a coauthor of  H.R. 4334, the Dignity in Aging Act, bipartisan legislation that  reauthorizes the Older Americans Act, which will directly benefit the  seniors in my district and the seniors across the country.   Since 1965, this statute has provided a wide range of social and  nutrition services for Americans aged 60 years or older. In addition to  well-known programs like Meals on Wheels, the Older Americans Act  supports services that include nutrition programs providing meals at  senior centers, schools, and churches; care to prevent abuse, neglect,  and exploitation of seniors; family caregiver support systems; and  community service employment opportunities for older Americans.   This legislation is full of bipartisan agreements and priorities, and  during times of stark political divide, it is encouraging to be here  today with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to speak in support  of the Dignity in Aging Act, which is the product of a diligent,  congenial effort that embodies the good that can come from working  across the aisle.   The bill before us today provides States the flexibility to spend  funds on the issues impacting their senior communities, which include  support for older Americans who have become caregivers of younger  relatives due to the devastating toll of the opioid epidemic on our  communities.   It enhances the cost effectiveness of critical programs and ensures  program accountability and integrity by prohibiting the renewal of  grants that do not demonstrate effectiveness.   It assists formerly incarcerated, older individuals in reentering the  workforce rather than re-offend and ensures that funded programs are  evidence based and effectively serving seniors.  [[Page H8474]]    Additionally, this bill includes long-overdue updates from the  Younger Onset Alzheimer's Act that I co-led with my friend and  colleague from New York, Congresswoman Kathleen Rice.   Those under 60 with this heartbreaking disease face unique hardships,  for themselves and for their families. The current support structures  for individuals with Alzheimer's are focused almost exclusively on  seniors, leaving the 200,000 Americans living with younger onset  Alzheimer's without access to these critical services.   This bill ensures individuals of any age living with Alzheimer's  receive full access to the services and support provided by the Older  Americans Act.   I am also very proud to say that included in this bill is language  from another bipartisan legislative proposal that I coauthored  encouraging the use of caregiver assessments to identify the needs of  family caregivers.   This individualized approach to care will ensure that both caregivers  and those who require assistance are provided tailored support to  achieve the best possible health outcomes.   There is another group of older Americans in this country we must not  forget: the nearly 80,000 Holocaust survivors who live among us. As  victims of the very worst of humanity, Holocaust survivors deserve  devoted care and support to address the unimaginable, horrific trauma  they experienced. Sadly, one-third of our country's Holocaust survivors  live in poverty.   During the markup process in the House Committee on Education and  Labor, I was honored to work with my friend and colleague,  Representative Bonamici, on a provision that works to address the needs  of aging Holocaust survivors.   Institutional placement can present a unique challenge to those who  have suffered the trauma of the Holocaust, so it is critical that these  individuals are identified for the services necessary to support  independent living. Our provision will ensure local outreach efforts  place a special emphasis on Holocaust survivors and others at risk for  institutional placement.   Additionally, the bill recognizes the specific needs of this  community by ensuring that nutrition programs should meet the  religious, cultural, or ethnic dietary requirements of all older  Americans.   These men and women have survived unconscionable suffering, yet many  continue to live with physical and emotional scars from the horror they  faced. Together, we acknowledge their resilience and seek to offer  opportunities that allow them to live healthy, dignified, and  independent lives through their elder years.   Mr. Speaker, I am encouraged by the bipartisan effort from the  Education and Labor Committee that has resulted in the meaningful  legislation before us today. I strongly encourage all of my colleagues  to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 4334, the Dignity in Aging Act. In doing so, we  reaffirm our commitment to our Nation's older generation.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Civil  Rights and Human Services.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Allen), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Early  Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), the Republican leader of the Committee on  Education and Labor.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, I would like to again thank my good friend, the  gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), and our colleagues and our  staff on the Education and Labor Committee for all of their work on  this bipartisan bill that will help improve the lives of millions of  seniors across the country.   As I said at the beginning of this debate, my district is home to one  of the largest constituencies of older Americans, so I could not be  prouder to have led the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act,  which will directly and tangibly benefit the seniors in New York's 21st  District and seniors across the country.   Our Nation's seniors deserve to age with health, dignity, and  independence in the communities of their choosing. Again, I urge a  ``yes'' vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from  Missouri, for yielding her time.   The first women's rights convention was held in Seneca Falls, New  York, in 1848, marking the official debut of the women's suffrage  movement, which would extend over the course of the next 72 years.   During this tumultuous time, generations of brave suffragists  dedicated their lives, refusing to give up in their fight for a better  and more equitable future.   It wasn't until August of 1920, 140 years after the Declaration of  Independence was signed, that this fight culminated with the adoption  of the 19th Amendment. Ratification of the 19th Amendment marked the  single largest expansion of voting rights in United States history,  enfranchising over 27 million American women.   Mr. Speaker, 2020 marks the 100th anniversary of the passage of the  19th Amendment, and I was proud to introduce legislation with my  colleague and friend from Michigan (Mrs. Lawrence) and my friend,  Senator Blackburn from Tennessee, to celebrate this historic and  monumental movement.   The Women's Suffrage Centennial Commemorative Coin Act is bipartisan,  bicameral legislation that authorizes the Department of the Treasury to  mint $1 silver coins in 2020 to commemorate the tremendous work of  women suffrage activists in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.   This bill ensures that, on the 100th anniversary of the passage of  the 19th Amendment, the suffragists who dedicated their lives fighting  to extend this fundamental right to women are commemorated and  celebrated throughout the United States.   I am looking forward to celebrating the 100th anniversary next year  in my district, where one of the most vocal advocates for women's  suffrage, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, was born and raised in Johnstown, New  York.   I would not have the opportunity to serve in this body today were it  not for the bravery and determination of generations of suffragists.   Mr. Speaker, this is a unique opportunity to commemorate a milestone  of democracy, and it is my hope that this bipartisan bill will  encourage women across our country to continue to be active  participants in civic life. I strongly encourage my colleagues to  support this bill.   