 Madam Speaker, I want to respond first to the  distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the minority  leader, when he talked about us doing work. He asked us if work was  being done here in Congress and said that we weren't responding to the  daily needs of America.   Madam Speaker, I would remind him and remind the Speaker that we, in  fact, have passed the Violence Against Women Act in the Judiciary  Committee. The Energy and Commerce Committee passed the prescription  drug bill that came to this floor. The Energy and Commerce Committee is  working on Medicaid as we speak, right now.   So 150 bills have been passed by this body and are sitting on the  desk of his friend, the Senate leader, Mitch McConnell, who has decided  that he is not interested in the work of the people of the United  States.   But guess what. We can walk and chew gum at the same time, as I have  said. This committee's responsibility is oversight, not anything else.  And that is what we are doing is oversight of this administration.   I know that is difficult for that side of the aisle to want to think  about, overseeing and reining in individuals who may be acting outside  of the law.   Last year when Secretary Ross testified before Congress, he said he  added the citizenship question solely to help the Department of Justice  enforce the Voting Rights Act. We understand now that may not have been  true.   And he has given us unresponsive--that is a legal term--unresponsive  documents in those thousands of documents that he has turned over to  us, not the documents that we have asked for.   It is our responsibility as the Oversight Committee to hold  individuals responsible. I would ask that my colleagues across the  aisle consider their responsibility on this committee if you want to  sit on the committee, to do the work of the committee, and that is  overseeing this administration. I think that we have done our job, and  we are doing it well.   Madam Speaker, if he has not been responsive, we must hold him in  contempt.   