 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  series begin following the remarks of Senators Daines, Collins,  Lankford, and Cotton.    Mr. President, 18 years ago, on a bright, clear-skied,  September morning, without warning, our Nation was attacked. Many of us  probably remember where we were on that horrible day.   I had that morning off. I was at home with my nearly 2-year-old  daughter. We didn't have the TV on. We had a couple of gentlemen at the  house. I was getting a brandnew furnace on that day. What would  normally be a couple-of-hours-long installation turned into an all-day  event as those men would take time off from installing our new furnace  to run into the other room so we could see what was going on on the  television.   I had two phone calls that morning. The first was early. It was from  a neighbor.   She said: Joni, do you have the TV on?   I said: Well, no, Wanda. I don't. What's going on?   She said: Joni, you just need to turn the TV on.   So I did, and I saw the horrible events unfolding right in front of  us.   The second phone call I got was from my Iowa Army National Guard  unit: Captain Ernst, we are doing a 100-percent accountability check.  We need you to stay by the phone all day so we know how we can get  ahold of you--100 percent accountability.   It was an experience many of us had never felt before--the terrifying  shock of knowing that the country we love and our fellow Americans were  under attack.   Our adversaries sought to tear us apart by their cowardly acts, but,  instead, they brought us together as Americans, for in those terrible  moments, we also saw the very, very best of our country--the  firefighters, the police officers, the first responders, and the  ordinary citizens who courageously put their lives on the line to save  countless others.   On that day, as individuals and as a Nation, we came together in a  unique way, and we also made a pledge to never forget--to never forget  the nearly 3,000 victims and the families they left behind, to never  forget the heroism of both our first responders and those everyday men  and women who selflessly acted to save lives, and to never forget the  importance of defending our homeland and the great democratic  principles that we stand for.   It is a pledge I personally take very seriously, and it is why I have  organized this event for my colleagues to come to the floor today and  to share their memories and thoughts on today, this eighteenth  anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks.   It is why I work so hard to make sure our Armed Forces have the  technology, support, and resources they need to defend our Nation from  threats both here at home and abroad.   It is why I cosponsored and helped to finally get signed into law a  permanent reauthorization of the September 11th Victim Compensation  Fund, keeping our Nation's promise to support the first responders who  continue to sacrifice their health and even their lives from their work  in the post-9/11 recovery efforts.   And it is why we should never ever take our Nation and our freedoms  for granted.   I am one--just one--of the millions of Americans keeping that promise  to never forget. In fact, today, back home in Iowa, there are countless  folks who are honoring that vow in their own thoughtful way.   Many use today's anniversary as a day of service, performing acts of  kindness throughout Iowa. Others come together with their communities  to honor and remember those who were lost.   It is really wonderful to see all of the ways that folks are doing  that, from walking in the 9/11 March to the Capitol in Des Moines to  visiting the 9/11 Never Forget Mobile Exhibit, currently at the Clay  County Fair, to participating in the annual 9/11 Moment of Silence  Motorcycle Ride in Mason City.   For some of our fellow Iowans, today will be spent remembering loved  ones lost in the attack--folks like Newton's Jean Cleere's husband,  Jim, a loving, good-natured, good-humored, and God-fearing giant of a  man, who never came home from a fateful business trip to the World  Trade Center 18 years ago.   For nearly two decades now, Jean has been on a crusade to keep Jim's  memory alive and well. She helped to raise funds for Newton's very own  9/11 memorial. She speaks to local students, educating them about the  events of that day 18 years ago, and she has given her testimony all  over Iowa. For folks in Iowa, they have probably seen her driving  across the State. She has a pretty special license plate, which reads  ``NVR4GT''--never forget.   Today and every day, Iowans are keeping that sacred promise. We will  always remember Jim Cleere and the nearly 3,000 others who lost their  lives that tragic day. We will always honor the heroes who selflessly  sacrificed and saved countless lives. We will always  [[Page S5430]]  rise up to defend our Nation and its citizens. We will never forget.  That is our sacred promise.   I yield the floor.   