 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I share our leader's outrage over  what is going on right now at the border over these private facilities  where these children are being housed and about the lack of an ability  to bring amendments on the National Defense Authorization Act. As for  the one that the leader mentioned, it is imperative that we go forward  with this right now.   We have a situation where the President tweets us closer to war each  day, 10 minutes short. He got us out of an agreement that, while  imperfect, would have prevented us from being in the situation that we  are in. Congress must be a check and balance on this administration,  and under the Constitution, we should have the ability to do this. I  cannot stress how important this amendment is.   Today, I am here to talk about another amendment that is also  necessary to protect our democracy and protect our country, and that is  about our elections--our very elections, a fundamental foundation of  our democracy.   We know one thing, and whom do we know it from? We know it from the  President's own Director of National Intelligence. We know it from his  FBI Director. We know it from all of his security leaders, and that is  that Russia invaded our democracy. They didn't use bombs, jets, or  tanks. Instead, they planned a sophisticated cyber mission to undermine  our democratic system. Special Counsel Mueller also concluded that  Russian interference in our democracy was ``sweeping and systematic.''   Our elections are less than 500 days away. We know that Russia is  actively working to attack our democracy again, and our intelligence  officials are again sounding alarms. President Trump's FBI Director  said Russia's efforts to interfere in our 2018 election were just a  ``dress rehearsal for the big show in 2020.''   Has the administration worked with Congress to help craft legislation  to make sure our election systems are fortified against future attacks?  No, they actually stopped the bipartisan bill that was moving ahead at  the end of last year.   I see my colleague from Oklahoma here, Senator Lankford. He and I led  that bill, and the cosponsors, including the head of the Intelligence  Committee, as well as the ranking member. It was a bill that had  significant support and still has significant support. But just as we  are about to mark up that bill in the Rules Committee, the White House  made some calls to Republican Senators. Leader McConnell made some  calls to Republican Senators, and that bipartisan effort was stopped in  its tracks, which would have paved the way to making sure that the  Federal election money was given out to the States and that we would  have had to have backup paper ballots. It would have paved the way for  audits. Instead, it was stopped in its tracks, blocked by the White  House.   Earlier this month, the President invited more election interference  when he said he would accept help from a foreign adversary once again.  That happened. It is unprecedented, and it is wrong. At a time when the  President is failing to do his job to protect our democracy, Congress  must do its job.   In fact, there is bipartisan legislation that has been introduced in  the House right now that includes many of the things that I will be  talking about today that includes additional funding. I do thank the  Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. Lankford. He and I led the way, in addition  to our colleagues in the Appropriations Committee--Senator Shelby,  Senator Leahy, Senator Coons, and others--to make sure that we got $380  million out to the States over a year ago. It is time to step up again.   Everyone remembers what happened back in the 2000 election. We all  saw those hanging chads displayed on TVs across the country. That  experience taught America that we needed to update our election  equipment. When we couldn't figure out who won for President of the  United States, yes, maybe you need to update your election equipment.    So what happened back then? Well, we passed the Help America Vote  Act. I wasn't here then, but that is what they did. It was landmark  legislation that provided more than $3 billion to States to help them  update their election infrastructure. That was 17 years ago, before the  iPhone even existed, and the Federal Government has not made a big  major investment to update our election technology since.   Russia knew that. What better way to upend our democracy than to try  to break into our election equipment and to try to spread propaganda  against campaigns and candidates in our election. That is what they  did. They conducted sophisticated influence operations in 2016.   Where do I learn this? I learn this from the Trump intelligence  advisers.   They hacked political committees and campaigns. They targeted  election administrators and even private technology firms responsible  for manufacturing and administering election systems. In Illinois, the  names, addresses, birth dates, and partial Social Security numbers of  thousands of registered voters were exposed.   Just recently, we learned that the election systems in two Florida  counties were hacked by the Russians, and the Department of Homeland  Security is conducting forensic analysis on computers used in North  Carolina after it was revealed in the Mueller report that a voting  software company was hacked by Russia.   How much more do we need to know as we go into these 2020 elections?  I don't think much more. We have a common set of facts about what  happened, and we know that there is a continued threat against our  democracy. What we need to do now is address these facts with a common  purpose--to protect our democracy and to make sure that our election  systems are resilient against future attacks.   We have a long way to go when it comes to making sure our election  systems are resilient. Right now, 40 States rely on electronic voting  systems that are at least 10 years old. Do you think I am telling a  surprise to Russia? No, they know this. Twelve States have no or  partial paper ballot backups--12 states--and 16 States have no  statewide audit requirement to figure out, after the fact, what  happened and if their elections were secure. These statistics are  alarming because experts agree that paper ballots and audits are the  baseline of what we need to secure our election systems.   Many election officials continue to sound the alarm that they lack  the funding necessary to replace outdated equipment, hire cyber  security experts, and make other much needed improvements to their  election system. So maybe, as a country, we can just say: Well, States,  if you are not doing this, it is not our problem. That is yours.   No, this is a Presidential election before us, and if a few counties  in one swing State or an entire State get hacked into and there is no  backup paper ballot and we can't figure out what happened, the entire  election will be called into question. No Democrat, no Republican, and  no Independent can want that to happen, especially when we can prevent  it from happening.   The House bill includes the same amount of money as we did last time,  and that is about 3 percent of the cost of one aircraft carrier. The  bill that I am proposing now that we move forward to is about 8 percent  of the cost of one aircraft carrier, and that is to protect our entire  democracy from the kind of modern warfare--not old-fashioned warfare  but modern warfare--that we are seeing today, which is cyber warfare.   Protecting our democracy from future attacks will require modernizing  our election systems and building new safeguards to prevent cyber  attacks,  [[Page S4480]]  important steps that will require meaningful Federal assistance. Do you  really think that the State of Arkansas or the State of Maine is  supposed to be fully responsible for protecting us from a foreign  power's cyber attack? I don't actually think so. If we could come  together to quickly help States address things like those hanging chads  back in 2000, which were in fact just a function of bad election  equipment, we certainly must come together to protect ourselves from a  cyber attack from a foreign power. By the way, the last time it was one  foreign power. Maybe this time it will be another one.   We must do the right thing for our country. That is why I have worked  with my colleagues in the House and Senate, including Senator Lankford,  on legislation that would provide critical election funding in the  coming years.   The bill before us today, our legislation, the Election Security Act,  would also require States to use paper ballots, and it would provide  funding for States to implement post-election audits. It would  strengthen the Federal response to attacks on our election systems by  requiring the President to issue a national security strategy to  protect U.S. democratic institutions from cyber attacks and influence  operations, and it would establish a bipartisan commission to develop  recommendations--drawing upon lessons learned from our European allies,  who have also been repeatedly subject to attacks from Russia--to  counter election interference. This is the kind of legislation that the  American people elected us to pass.   As I noted, the House is taking action. It will consider similar  legislation this week. The Senate must take strong action on election  security as well.   I ask unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be discharged from  further consideration of S. 1540 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I appreciate the work my colleague has  done with me and others on this issue, but I do want to point out a few  things.   No. 1, I agree that this should not be a partisan issue, and, in  fact, our bill was as bipartisan as it gets with the two of us leading  the bill, with Senators Warner and Burr, the leaders of the  Intelligence Committee, as cosponsors, and with Senator Graham and  Senator Harris from the Judiciary Committee. It was a strong bill, and  I would be glad to call that up with an amendment if he would be  willing to do that.   But one wonders, why wouldn't we be able to advance this bipartisan  bill? It is because the White House made it decidedly partisan. They  objected to its moving forward--our own bipartisan bill. Leader  McConnell did not want that bill to move forward. He made it very  clear.    So let's be very precise about why we are having this discussion  today, and that is that we could have done this bill with the backup  paper ballots attached to the funding 1 year ago, but it was blocked by  the Republicans. So now we are where we are. There is this idea that we  just wait and every year say: It won't help the next election, and it  won't help that next election. I believe in the importance and urgency  of getting this done.   Secondly, I am not trying to federalize our elections. In fact, this  model, while there is more money attached to it, is very similar to the  model that we have discussed and that is included in our bill. It is  this idea that if the States are willing to do what they are supposed  to do, then they get Federal money. It does not federalize elections.   Third, the North Carolina example that I just brought up didn't just  happen in 2016; it happened much more recently. So our concerns are  based on the assessments that we have been given by the Trump security  advisers based on what Trump's FBI Director said just last month. He  didn't say it last year; he said last month that this is happening now  and that Congress must do more to help defend our elections.   I will repeat that election security is national security. We must  remember this. Last week, 22 State attorneys general sent Congress a  letter asking us to take action to protect the integrity of our  election infrastructure. We have received similar letters from State  election officials, and leading law enforcement officials in nearly  half the country are begging us to take action. Think about that.   While I have no doubt that there has been some progress and there is  better communication, I tend to believe the people on the ground, the  chief law enforcement officers in nearly half the States in this  country. I tend to believe the FBI Director for President Trump  himself, the National Intelligence Director for President Trump  himself.   The integrity of our election system is a cornerstone of our  democracy. The freedom to choose our leaders and know with full  confidence that those leaders were chosen in free and fair elections is  something Americans have fought and died for since our country was  founded.   Going back to 1923, Stalin said to the Communist Party: Who votes?  That may not matter. What matters is who counts the votes.   History is repeating itself, and obstructing efforts to improve  election security is an insult to those who have fought for our freedom  and those who work every day to protect our democracy. This is not  about one election or one party. That is why we worked so hard to have  a bipartisan bill and I was willing to make compromises on that bill.   We were gut punched by the White House. Senator Blunt had sent that  Rules Committee markup. It was ready to go. I think if that bill were  called up right now, 75 percent of the Senators right here in this  Chamber would vote for it, but we were gut punched by the White House.  They didn't want the backup paper ballots. They didn't want to have  those options. They didn't want to have additional money for election  security.   So I don't want to hear about how this is a partisan effort to try to  push this right now. This is not about one election or one party; it is  about our democracy.   We need to be a united front in fighting against those who interfere  with our democracy, and we must do everything in our power to prevent  foreign interference from ever happening again. This is a bill we  should be on because it is the Defense Authorization Act, and it is  about the security of our country and free and fair elections. That is  the fundamental basis for the security of America.   I look forward to working with my colleagues. I hope we will find  some way to overcome these objections from the White House.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   