 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Nevada (Mr.  Horsford) for yielding and thank him for the work he is doing on this  issue and so many issues that affect American families.   Sometimes here in Congress we can be distracted by issues that come  up on a daily basis, but the gentleman from Nevada has kept his mind  focused on the things that everyday Americans are concerned with, that  is, proper wages, livable homes, good education, affordable housing. I  am appreciative that we have kept our eyes on the prize, kept our eyes  focused on the policy and the things that move the needle on this.   I was so happy to hear just a few moments ago from the gentleman from  Philadelphia, Mr. Evans, because, although he talks quite a bit about  Philadelphia, there is one area he talks about quite a bit, and that is  sustaining the Black middle class, sustaining Black homeownership.   This minimum wage bill, Raise the Wage Act of 2019, supports those  kind of initiatives. It gradually raises, as we have said, the Federal  minimum wage from $7.25 to $15 over several years, over the next 6  years, to lift millions of workers out of poverty, even those who are  working, who are still the working-class poor, stimulate local  economies, and restore the value of the minimum wage. It gives 40  million Americans a raise.   As we heard from the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. Lawrence), my  colleague and good friend, it helps women and workers of color.   Today, more than 40 percent of Black workers and one-third of  Hispanic workers will get a raise under this bill. Women make up nearly  two-thirds of all minimum wage workers.   In areas like the Virgin Islands, where many of the homes and  percentages of homes are run by single-person households, those being  predominantly Black women, this is very important that women are two- thirds of the minimum wage workers. For them to be lifted out raises  families.   One thing that I think this touches on and is part of that hasn't  really been expressed as yet is wealth disparity.   The wealth, the measure of an individual's or a family's financial  net worth, provides all sorts of opportunities for American families.  Wealth makes it easier for people to seamlessly transition between  jobs, move to new neighborhoods, and respond to emergency situations.   Unfortunately, wealth in this country is unequally distributed by  race,  [[Page H5819]]  particularly between White and Black households. African American  families have a fraction of the wealth of White families, leaving them  more economically insecure and with far fewer opportunities for  economic mobility.   Even after considering positive factors such as increased education  levels, African Americans still have less wealth than Whites. Less  wealth translates into fewer opportunities and is compounded by lower  income levels and fewer chances to build wealth or pass accumulated  wealth down to future generations.   This also is very symptomatic and has a well-documented history of  mortgage market discrimination. It means that Blacks are significantly  less likely to be homeowners than Whites, which means they have less  access to savings and tax benefits that come with owning a home.   Persistent labor market discrimination and segregation also force  Blacks into fewer and less advantageous employment opportunities than  their White counterparts. Even when they have homeownership, they have  less access and ability to be able to use that homeownership.   In the Virgin Islands, surprisingly, almost 60 percent of families of  Black people own their home, but they are unable, and the banks are  unwilling, to allow them to leverage that wealth for education, for  second mortgages, to start businesses. The scrutiny is high.   When we are talking about wages, in the Virgin Islands, we make 75  percent of what is the national average. The average for a Virgin  Islands family is $37,254; whereas, the estimated national average is  $50,221. And 13.5 percent of U.S. Virgin Islanders have family income  levels below $10,000 a year--for a family. That is horrendous.   This bill, however, and passage of this bill would mean lots of  wealth and lots of opportunities for Black families, African Americans,  the working poor, White poor families, Hispanic families.   African Americans own approximately one-tenth of the wealth of White  Americans. In 2016, the median wealth for nonretired Black households  25 years old and older was less than one-tenth that of similarly  situated White households. Those are White households, making the same  and having the same access as Black families, which are making one- tenth that of similarly situated White households.   The Black-White wealth gap has still not recovered from the Great  Recession. In 2007, immediately after the Great Recession, the median  wealth of Blacks was nearly 14 percent of Whites. Although Black wealth  increased at a faster rate than White wealth in 2016, Blacks still  owned less than 10 percent of White's wealth at the median.    Black households have fewer and are in greater need of personal  savings than their White counterparts. For a variety of reasons, Blacks  are more likely to experience negative income shocks but are less  likely to have access to emergency savings. As a consequence, Blacks  are more likely to fall behind on their bills and go into debt during  times of emergency.   The systematic challenges in narrowing the wealth gap for African  Americans with Whites persists. The wealth gap persists regardless of a  household's education, marital status, age, or income.   This is something that we are fighting for. We are grateful for this  legislation that is going to make a difference in African American  lives.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for bringing this important matter  to the floor for us to discuss here this evening, and it is my plea for  my colleagues to pass this legislation, for it to go to the Senate so  that it can make a tremendous difference in so many Americans' lives.  Raising the income level of the less fortunate assists all Americans in  raising the tide of Americans' ability to excel.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that discussion  about what is happening in Nevada and raising the minimum wage, what  that is going to do in the gentleman's State. Kudos to the Governor to  take that bold leap.   There is concern about what happens with small businesses, and I know  that the chairman of the Committee on Education and Labor has been  thinking about that as well, that this bill does take this into  account, that there are small businesses that this may be difficult  for.   But we have to understand what the entire objective is of this bill.  I know that there are amendments by other good Democrats to look at the  Government Accountability Office to determine employment impacts.   That is much more helpful than what was done with the tax bill that  the Republicans passed. They aren't trying to see what the impact has  been of their legislation. They didn't ask for a lookback to see is  this, in fact, stimulating the economy, because the objective was not  to stimulate the economy.   The objective was to give the 1 percent--those corporate CEOs and  others--additional money. It was not to  [[Page H5821]]  put money into the economy. Because, if it was, then we would be  looking at it right now: What is the impact on America?   That was not put into that tax bill. But the Democrats are willing to  do that. The Democrats want to make sure that this legislation is doing  what it is meant to do; that is, to be for the people, for the larger  American people, by supporting that.   When I was talking earlier about the wealth gap and income, income  and employment are obstacles to the wealth gap. The income gap has  actually worsened over time.   According to a 2016 Economic Policy Institute report, the income gap  between Blacks and Whites has grown since the 1970s, not lessened. In  1979, for example, Black men earned 22 percent less than White men. In  2015, Black men earned 31 percent less.   The report's authors note that, in 1979, Black women's wages reached  near parity with White women's wages, but that by 2015 the gap had  risen to 19 percent.   We are not getting better. The equality gap is not narrowing. We need  to face the statistics. And Democrats are willing to do something about  that.   The report also found that the gap persists across women's  educational levels and worsens for those with higher levels of  educational attainment.   The gap at a higher level of education for White women and Black  women with similar education is worse than it is for those lower.   In 1980, college-educated Black women with more work experience  actually earned slightly higher wages than college-educated White women  with the same experience. By 2014, however, the gap had widened to 10  percent in White women's favor. That is a reversal.   Similarly, while the gap between college-educated Black and White men  in 1980 was slightly less than 10 percent, it rose to 20 percent by  2014.   In 2017, researchers from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco  similarly concluded that the Black-White earning gap is growing, and  that the growth can largely be attributable to so-called immeasurable  factors.   What are some of those factors? Those factors that play a role in the  Black-White income and employment gap include employment  discrimination, weak enforcement of antidiscrimination laws, and racial  differences in unobserved skill levels, as opposed to measurable  factors such as educational attainment or work experience.   I am grateful that we have this time this evening to talk about this,  to let the American people see the truth--not a tweet, not what is  happening on the news on a regular basis, but the things that everyday  Americans care about: wages; minimum wage; having quality of life; and,  as my colleague from Nevada said, the ability to have one job to  sustain your family, not having to juggle two and three jobs, leaving  your children at home and not being able to be an important and  positive force in your children's lives because you have to work.   We are concerned as well about what is happening to our young  children who don't have that supervision in the evening.   Those are some of the issues where we have concern in Black  communities, not because parents aren't working and they are not there  for their children because they are shiftless, they are lazy, et  cetera, the things that you hear. It is because parents have two jobs.  They are trying to hold it together.   Single households, even those households that have both parents  working, they have to have two jobs to make ends meet.   This is a means to get people to be able not only to get out of  poverty but to support their families, to support their communities, to  create wealth, to have homeownership, which allows access to so many  other things such as education and so many things that are, in fact,  the American Dream.    Every day, every week, and definitely every month, they  are trying to juggle which bill they are going to pay, and which bill  they are not going to pay. Are they going to be able to keep the lights  on? Are they going to be able to pay the rent?   In the Virgin Islands, public school students wear uniforms. Are they  going to be able to scrounge up money at the end of the summer to be  able to provide clothing for their children to be able to go to school?   Those are the things that people are concerned with working minimum  wage jobs, and working them hard; and then maybe at night having a  nighttime job somewhere else; and making sure that maybe one of the  older children is watching the younger ones; making sure that they are  asleep while they are away at that job; and praying that nothing  happens while they are there, not because they are negligent parents,  but that they care enough to be trying to put food on the table.   Those are the stories that I am sure you hear in your district; that  I know I hear in the Virgin Islands; and that I am sure all of our  colleagues, if they are willing to listen to the people that are on the  ground, the people that have put them here in Congress, are facing  every day.   