 Madam Speaker, I thank the Republican leader of the Ways  and Means Committee, my friend Mr. Brady, for all of his hard work, and  Chairman Neal, as well, for his work on this.   Sadly, Madam Speaker, last night, on the floor of this House, the  Democrats impeached the President of the United States without any  direct evidence. After that, we learned that, despite the fact that  they claimed, for months, that impeachment was an urgent matter,  Speaker Pelosi is refusing to send the Articles of Impeachment to the  Senate. I suppose we shouldn't be surprised, as Leader McConnell,  moments ago, said that these articles are a reflection of very shoddy  work and a rigged and rushed process.   The American voters will not forget the travesty that the House  Democrats have overseen. Had they not been obsessed with impeaching  President Trump, we could have approved this very deal a year ago. The  bipartisan nature of this deal that we are here discussing today cannot  cover up what happened on this floor last night.   Trade with Mexico and Canada is vital to our economy in my home State  of Wyoming. Exports from Wyoming to our North American partners totaled  $207 million in 2018. This USMCA will open countless new opportunities  for Wyoming businesses, especially our agriculture producers selling  our goods like wheat and beef, increasing export opportunities and the  thousands of jobs supported by trade in Wyoming.   USMCA will also benefit our small- and medium-sized businesses, which  already comprise 67 percent of our State's exports of machinery to  Canada and Mexico.   For too long, NAFTA allowed countries to take advantage of U.S.  workers. USMCA, negotiated by the President, is vital to strengthening  our relationship with our North American trade partners while still  holding Canada and Mexico accountable.   Madam Speaker, I support this crucial trade deal because it will  bring tremendous benefits to my home State of Wyoming and all across  the Nation, and I urge its approval today.   