 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and Republican leader  of the Steering Committee, Mr. Collins, as well as my colleague, Mr.  Cohen from Tennessee, for their work on this important issue. I thank  Chairman Nadler, of course, for helping to bring this important bill to  the floor. Of course, I echo my colleagues' fond words for my  predecessor, Congresswoman Lummis, and all the work she did over the  years on this issue and so many others for our great State. I thank  them the opportunity to speak on this important bill.    Mr. Speaker, the Equal Access to Justice Act was enacted in 1980 for  good reason: to ensure that private citizens could obtain legal  representation in cases against the Federal Government, in cases where  it was deserved.   While the Equal Access to Justice Act serves that important purpose  in holding these Federal agencies accountable, in the past 20 years, we  have seen this process abused too often by outside organizations. This  program was intended to help everyday citizens seek justice, but those  seeking profits have also had access to this program. They have  effectively turned the Equal Access to Justice Act into their own  personal wallet through frivolous lawsuits. This program was never  intended to be a slush fund for serial litigators.   Making matters worse, the perversion of the Equal Access to Justice  Act is funded by American taxpayers. Americans are footing the legal  and attorney's fees of groups that are impeding critical activities,  especially on Federal lands in my home State of Wyoming and in others.   It is clear that the Equal Access to Justice Act needs modernizing,  and H.R. 752 is the first step toward that goal. This legislation still  affords citizens, organizations, and other affected parties the same  right to financial rewards in a prevailing lawsuit, but it finally  would establish transparency and accountability for these funds.   Under H.R. 752, an online database detailing funds awarded to  prevailing parties, the agency, and the party involved in the case, and  a description of these claims, will be made available to the American  people. This provides accountability and transparency not only to  outside organizations, but to our Federal agencies and, most  importantly, to the American people. The American people have a right  to know how their hard-earned money is spent, and this legislation  takes a crucial step toward doing just that.   I am pleased, Mr. Speaker, to support this important legislation, and  I urge my colleagues to support it as well.   