 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to address an issue that transcends  politics and strikes at the very core of who we are as Americans.   Throughout my time in Congress, I have made it my priority to work  with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to look past  partisanship, and to work toward passing commonsense legislation so we  can help working families in Nevada and across our country.   In the House, I was proud to be named one of the most bipartisan  Members of Congress, and that is a title I plan to keep in the Senate.  So I hope my colleagues recognize the seriousness of why I rise today.   It is without partisan motivation when I say that we have a crisis on  our hands. Make no mistake about it, there is a humanitarian crisis at  our southern border and we are failing to address it. This  administration is failing to address it. This Congress is failing to  address it.   With violence and political unrest increasing in the Northern  Triangle countries of El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala, we are  experiencing a surge in the number of migrants who have come to our  southern border seeking refuge from violence and persecution.   More than 60 percent of migrants are families and unaccompanied  children fleeing for their lives and seeking a safe place. Children and  their families are coming to our country for the same reasons so many  of our ancestors did--because they have no other choice. They are  coming to the United States, a nation of immigrants, a nation built on  a foundation of core values, and we do not turn away those fleeing  persecution and certain death.   It is those same values that tell us that when children--including  infants and toddlers--are at our doorstep, we do not put them in cages,  tear them from their mother's arms, let them go without showers, food,  or medical attention, or let them sleep on cold floors.   The reality is, Customs and Border Patrol officers are not trained to  care for children, much less those who have experienced trauma. They  are not prepared nor qualified to provide the much needed care to the  families and children who are coming here.   What is also true is that there are members of our Border Patrol and  law enforcement who are trying to do the right thing. Those men and  women signed up to protect our country from terrorism, narcotics, and  foreign threats. They are not trained to take care of traumatized  children. The fact remains, the state of things in these immigration  facilities is untenable and indefensible.   I have had the chance to see this crisis firsthand, so allow me to  speak a little bit on what I have witnessed and how we got here.   Children and families have been placed into overcrowded and  unsanitary facilities, left without suitable living conditions or even  the most basic of necessities for days or even weeks.   Last year, while serving as a member of the House of Representatives,  I traveled to the U.S.-Mexico border with one of my colleagues. We  toured the Tornillo unaccompanied minor facility and the Paso del Norte  Processing Center in Texas. What we witnessed there was heartbreaking.   We saw a tent city holding unaccompanied migrant children and  children separated from their parents. They have no access to legal  counsel, no way to regularly talk to their families. They are without  any idea of what might happen next. Throughout their camp, there was a  sense of anxiety, hopelessness, and despair. I have carried the images  of what I saw during that tour with me to this day.   In committee testimony and in followup briefings, in conversations  with the administration and its agencies, we were told conditions would  improve, that plans were in place to provide the care that is so  desperately needed, and that families would be reunited. We now know  that was wrong.   We have all seen the news and read reports detailing the abysmal  state of these facilities--children still in cages, still going to  sleep hungry, still going weeks without bathing or having access to  clean clothes, young children being tasked by officers to care for  toddlers, and, in some cases, allegations of sexual abuse by officers.   To find out firsthand whether conditions are improving, just last  week I joined my Senate colleagues in touring detention facilities in  the McAllen, TX, area. I am sad to say these news reports are accurate.  These horrific conditions have not changed, families are still being  separated, children are still in cages, not knowing if they will ever  see their parents again, and this administration continues to ignore  basic human rights. Children should never be held in these conditions  under any circumstances, for any amount of time, period.   We saw children stuffed into crowded spaces. The people detained in  these facilities lack access to basic necessities like toothpaste and  access to sanitary supplies. There are few, if any, pediatricians, no  child welfare professionals, no hope, just thousands of children and  families in the care of law enforcement officers. This is not who we  are.   The dehumanization of migrants, including many tender-age children in  our detention centers today, is unacceptable. The psychological trauma  they have experienced, and that they are continuing to experience, will  likely leave children with deep scars that will haunt them for the rest  of their lives.   Let me be clear: We are failing our law enforcement, we are failing  our families, and we are failing children.   We can agree that immigrants with criminal records or those who have  falsified their reasons for coming should not be allowed to stay, but  during my visit to McAllen last week, the acting head of Border Patrol  told all of us that the vast majority of migrant families are not  criminals.   I refuse to stand by while this takes place on American soil. So I  decided to take action by placing holds on two individuals nominated by  this administration to serve in administrative and policy roles of DHS  until conditions in these facilities drastically improve, until DHS  meets the standards it is obligated--obligated--to uphold.   This is the United States of America. All children deserve to be  treated humanely and with dignity, and those of any age who come to our  country claiming asylum have a legal right to present their case.   We must ensure that we achieve, at the very least, minimum  humanitarian standards at CBP facilities. That means all CBP facilities  where children are processed or detained need to have onsite medical  professionals with pediatric training and child welfare professionals.  That means implementing a process for announced and unannounced site  visits by NGOs so we can ensure proper oversight and accountability, as  well as direct services for children. Even something as simple as a  sign that communicates to migrant families explaining where they are  and what to expect--something that simple could reduce anxiety and  hopelessness that these individuals and children are feeling.   There is so much good in the American people, and that shows in the  outpouring of support from NGOs that are ready and willing to step in  and respond. They do so many other humanitarian efforts. Yet our  government is  [[Page S4992]]  turning away these offers of help. Conditions at these facilities have  not improved, and until they do, I will not remove my holds on this  administration's nominees.   Once we have taken the necessary steps to ensure migrant children are  being held in safe and sanitary conditions, we must then take up the  critical and long-overdue task of reforming our long-term immigration  policy. We owe it to migrant children and families to reach an  immediate solution. We owe it to our law enforcement to prevent this  difficult situation from continuing.   We must come together. We must take action now because, at the end of  the day, these are human lives, and they depend on us.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   