 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, last year, we learned that of the 59 EPA  hires, roughly a third worked as registered lobbyists or lawyers for  fossil fuel producers, chemical manufacturers, or other corporate  clients. Several of these EPA hires have gotten waivers, allowing them  to participate in actions involving their former clients. This directly  impacts my district.   In my district, climate change and sea level rise aren't debated.  These are not partisan issues because, for Miami, climate change is  life or death. There are no climate deniers in south Florida. This is a  real-life example of why these ethics waivers matter, and they matter  to my constituents.   I am very pleased that H.R. 1 mandates that the executive branch  promptly disclose waivers of executive branch ethics rules to the  Office of Government Ethics.   My amendment will maximize transparency by highlighting who is now  captured by the upgraded ethics waiver regime. We need to know who is  now getting these waivers, why they are getting it, and what are the  implications. We need to know the impact so  [[Page H2489]]  that we can simply uphold our constitutional duty as Members of  Congress and hold this administration accountable and hold future  administrations accountable.   Whether it impacts climate change policy, foreign policy, health  policy, or any other issue, the American people deserve to know who is  working behind closed doors in their government.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I do not believe that this is an undue burden  on the Office of Government Ethics. It is simply a request for us to  apply the new waiver to see what the explanations are for the number of  ethics waivers that have already been given. It is simply a  transparency issue, and it is perfectly appropriate for Congress to  request this information.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   