 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of  the improved USMCA. With the changes demanded by Democrats from the  original proposal, this agreement marks a historic step that will stop  the bleeding of American jobs to other countries.   Free trade agreements have often meant lost jobs or lower wages for  American workers, and the Trump administration's initial USMCA was no  different. But Democrats fought back to win new labor protections that  make this deal actually work for Americans.    I have seen firsthand why these protections are so important. Earlier  this year, I traveled on the Committee on Ways and Means' trip to  Mexico to investigate the labor challenges we are facing.   At a Goodyear plant, I spoke directly to workers whose starting pay  was only $2 an hour and even less after deductions. Then, when these  workers went on strike to demand better wages, nearly 50 labor leaders  were harassed, threatened with violence, and fired. This means that a  company that pays American workers $23 an hour and made $15.5 billion  in sales last year would rather fire Mexican workers than pay them a  fair wage.   It is one of the many examples that explains why companies outsource  jobs and exploit labor in other countries. And it is why Democrats  fought so hard for a USMCA deal with strong labor protections to ensure  a level playing field.   This trade deal isn't perfect, but it is an important step in the  right direction and protects American jobs.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R.  5377, which will stop the double taxing of millions of Americans.   Restoring the ability of Americans to deduct their State and local  taxes is about fairness. It is about fairness for the households in my  California district, where the average SALT deduction was nearly  $21,000, more than double the current $10,000 limit.   It is about fairness for the married teachers making $60,000 each,  who now receive only half of the deduction of unmarried couples,  effectively creating a marriage penalty.   It is about fairness for our local governments that struggle to  provide important services such as education, public safety, and  infrastructure.   And it is about fairness for our teachers and firefighters who get an  additional deduction in this bill to help them afford work-related  expenses.   The 2017 tax scam was unfair. The top 1 percent and corporations got  a massive handout, while American families were left holding the bag.   A vote in support of this bill today begins to restore that fairness,  and I urge my colleagues to support it.   