 Mr. President, I rise today very, very disheartened, and I  do want to thank the junior Senator from Nebraska for having this very  difficult discussion on the floor of the Senate.  [[Page S838]]    As my colleague from Nebraska was speaking, I felt a tightness in my  chest. I am a mom. I have been through childbirth, and I can't imagine  anyone taking my child, setting her aside, and then having a discussion  on whether she should live or die. I can't imagine that. I can't  imagine, after having such a precious thing as a child brought into the  world, having these odious discussions of whether she should live. I  can't imagine putting a baby through that.   So I am disheartened and I am absolutely appalled by the debate we  have in front of us--a debate I would have once considered unfathomable  on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   Many have often referred to this as the world's greatest deliberative  body, but let me be clear, folks. There is nothing great, there is  nothing moral or even humane about the discussion we have before us  today.   Over the past week, we have witnessed the absolutely ugly truth about  the far-reaching grasp of the abortion industry and its increasingly  radicalized political agenda. Politicians have not only defended  aborting a child while a woman is in labor but have gone so far as to  support the termination of a child after his or her birth--a child--a  baby.   Rationality, decency, and basic human compassion have fallen by the  wayside. Somehow this conversation has devolved so completely that a  bill prohibiting the murder of children who are born alive--a bill that  simply prohibits infanticide--has tonight been blocked on the floor of  the Senate. We have moved beyond all common sense, and this body can no  longer unanimously condemn murder. We face a moral crisis when this  body refuses to acknowledge the repugnancy and savagery of infanticide.   This assault on human dignity cannot stand. I urge my colleagues to  set aside their partisanship and, instead, defend the most basic values  of compassion and decency that should define our society. We can and we  must do better, folks.   Again, I thank the junior Senator from the great State of Nebraska  for his leadership on this issue, and I call on my colleagues to bring  this commonsense legislation to the Senate floor for a vote. I also  implore my colleagues.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   