 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S.J.  Res. 54. The President's declaring a national emergency in order to  deliver on a failed campaign promise is a gross misuse of power and  sets a dangerous precedent.   Not only is the President's fake national emergency unconstitutional,  but he is choosing to undermine actual military readiness by diverting  construction funding to the border wall.   For instance, President Trump is targeting critical military  projects, including a California Air National Guard flight simulator,  which is intended to train C-130J pilots who put their lives on the  line every day fighting wildfires, among many other missions.   Based in Ventura County in my district with over 1,200 highly trained  and talented National Guard personnel, the 146th Airlift Wing has been  called up to respond to many of our Nation's true--true--true--national  emergencies, including the Mendocino Complex fire and the Thomas fire,  the largest fires ever recorded in California's history. The 146th  Airlift Wing also responded to the Camp fire, one of the deadliest and  most destructive wildfires in U.S. history.   Across the country, the 146th Airlift Wing has been a critical  component of Federal disaster response and humanitarian relief efforts,  including in Puerto Rico in response to Hurricane Maria, in Florida in  response to Hurricane Irma, and in Texas in response to Hurricane  Harvey. Stealing the funds for this critical flight simulator will harm  readiness and delay necessary training for our Air National Guard  members who risk their lives to save the lives of others.   The fact that President Trump is willing to undermine military  readiness, California's firefighting capabilities, and our Nation's  emergency response efforts is unconscionable. We are talking about  potential lives lost.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for S.J. Res. 54 and end  this made-  [[Page H8065]]  up crisis and fake emergency. What I am talking about here today is a  real emergency.   