 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in many ways, Andrew Wheeler is a perfect  example of a Cabinet appointment in the Trump era--conflicted,  unethical, and hostile to the mission of the Agency he was nominated to  lead.   He shouldn't have been confirmed to this position as Deputy  Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the EPA, and he  certainly shouldn't be confirmed to lead the Agency on a permanent  basis.   Prior to his service at EPA, Mr. Wheeler spent 8 years lobbying for  many of the special interests that he is targeted or charged with  regulating. For example, in his work for Murray Energy, whose  president, Robert Murray, was among the largest donors to Donald  Trump's 2016 campaign, Mr. Wheeler worked to kill a rule that would  have prevented coal companies from dumping mining waste into American  streams and waterways.   As a lobbyist for Murray Energy, Mr. Wheeler also fought tooth and  nail against President Obama's Clean Power Plan, a forward-looking  initiative that would have substantially reduced carbon emissions from  power generation.   Mr. Wheeler's client, Robert Murray, was present front and center as  former EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt signed an Executive order to  begin the process of dismantling the Clean Power Plan. I don't think  that was a coincidence.   After Mr. Wheeler's confirmation as the EPA's Deputy Administrator,  he assured Bloomberg News in June 2018: ``If I lobbied on something, I  don't think it's appropriate for me to participate [in policymaking].''   Of course, he was lobbying on a lot of things for years. In fact, Mr.  Wheeler participated in meetings with three former clients with  interests before the EPA. Holding these meetings with former clients is  a clear conflict of interest and ethical lapse. Andrew Wheeler fits  right in with Donald Trump's version of ``draining the swamp,'' which  is more like ``come on in, the water's fine.''   We have already had one EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt, resign in  disgrace over ethical lapses and potentially illegal behavior in  office. We don't need another.   Mr. Wheeler's work at the EPA is also consistent with the hostility  of Trump Cabinet officials to the core mission of the Department or the  Agency that they are appointed to lead.   The EPA is the primary Agency charged with safeguarding the  environment and protecting public health from dangerous and toxic  chemicals. At its core, the EPA is tasked with making sure we have safe  air to breathe and clean water to drink.   Yet, during his time as Deputy Administrator, Mr. Wheeler has  championed a deregulatory agenda that fundamentally undermines the  EPA's core mission. Under Mr. Wheeler's leadership, the EPA has  proposed undermining the legal authority of the mercury and air toxics  standard to reduce emissions of mercury and other toxic air emissions  from coal and oil burning powerplants.   According to the Union of Concerned Scientists, mercury exposure can  damage the nervous, digestive, and immune systems and is a serious  threat to child development. The EPA's current efforts to reverse these  emission standards, in place since 2012, come after utilities across  the country had already invested resources in reducing mercury  emissions by 90 percent.   Under Mr. Wheeler's leadership, the Trump administration has also  proposed a dramatic weakening of fuel economy and greenhouse gas  emissions standards for cars. Their proposed rule would increase air  pollution from vehicles and would result in Hawaii families ending up  paying thousands more dollars for gasoline to fill less efficient  cars. Through his opposition to the Clean Power Plan and his efforts to  repeal it at the EPA, Mr. Wheeler serves as a primary architect of the  Trump administration's assault on climate science and their refusal to  act decisively against climate change. This assault can also be seen in  a new proposed rule from the EPA that would exclude rigorous, peer- reviewed scientific studies under the guise of promoting scientific  transparency.    At first glance, the rule sounds like something everyone should  support, but like so many initiatives proposed by this administration,  the rule's true intent is much more sinister.   Insisting that policymaking rely only on studies that make all of  their data public would exclude studies that rely on confidential  medical information that by law cannot be made public. Limiting the  factual basis on which the EPA can make decisions in this manner would  have a catastrophic impact on public health.   If this rule had been in effect in 1993, the ``Six Cities'' study by  the Harvard  [[Page S1549]]  School of Public Health would never have transformed the way we  regulate air pollution in this country. The study showed that Americans  living in cities with more air pollution have shorter lifespans than  Americans living in cities with less air pollution.   Using confidential medical information, the study conclusively  demonstrated that fine particulate matter that is smaller than 2.5  microns is exceptionally deadly to human beings. These findings, which  have been backed up in subsequent studies, provide the basis for cost- benefit analyses done by EPA for future rules regulating air pollution.  Undermining this kind of evidence-based policymaking would give  industry the green light to pollute with fewer consequences.   This proposed rule is consistent with an administration-wide effort  to promote ignorance in the face of the real threat climate change  poses to national security, public health, and public safety.   Climate change is an issue where ignorance is not bliss. Ignorance is  dangerous. The President's own top security officials agree. Director  of National Intelligence Dan Coats, for example, issued a new worldwide  threat that concluded that ``climate hazards'' like extreme weather,  wildfires, droughts, and acidifying oceans are, ``threatening  infrastructure, health and water and food security.''   In 2017, then-Secretary of Defense James Mattis told the Senate Armed  Services Committee that ``climate change is impacting stability in  areas of the world where our troops are operating.'' He went on to say  that ``climate change is a challenge that requires a broader whole-of- government government response.''   Instead of accepting the conclusions of his top national security  officials, Donald Trump is following the recommendation of William  Happer, a notorious climate denier and now a Senior Director on the  NSC, to establish a new Presidential Committee on Climate Security.   Dr. Happer is particularly notorious for his assertion that ``the  demonization of carbon dioxide is just like the demonization of the  poor Jews under Hitler. Carbon dioxide is actually a benefit to the  world, and so are the Jews.   Anyone who makes this kind of outrageous analogy should not be  entrusted to lead anything on climate security, in my view.   No one should doubt that the President and Dr. Happer have a  preordained outcome in mind. They want to legitimize ignorance and  denial of climate change and abandon tens of millions of Americans to  the disastrous impacts of climate change in the coming decades.   I repeat, with climate change, ignorance is not bliss. It is  dangerous. It is dangerous for a State like Hawaii that would be the  hardest hit by the impact of climate change. With extreme weather,  ocean acidification, coral bleaching, and rising seas, climate change  poses an existential threat to our State. It is one of the reasons  Hawaii has implemented some of the most ambitious and aggressive  policies to combat climate change in the country.   Hawaii was the first State to separately ratify the Paris climate  agreement and has set an ambitious goal of becoming carbon neutral and  generating 100 percent of our power from renewable sources by 2045.  Hawaii's ambitious effort to confront climate change and the success we  have already seen in moving toward our goals demonstrate that we can  embrace similarly ambitious policies at the national level.   It is one of the reasons I have signed on as a cosponsor of the Green  New Deal--an aspirational effort to transform our economy to combat  climate change.   In the weeks since the plan was introduced, we have endured all kinds  of mocking outrage from people who would rather stick their heads in  the sand as science and fact deniers. They paint the Green New Deal as  something scary and dangerous for the country. What is really scary and  dangerous are people like them who deny that climate change is real and  refuse to do anything about it in their steadfast support and alliance  with the fossil fuel industry. History will not be kind to them.   Rejecting the nomination of Andrew Wheeler to serve as Administrator  of the Environmental Protection Agency, we can take one step forward in  the fight against dangerous ignorance.   I yield the floor.   