 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of today's  impeachment proceedings. I include my statement in the Record.   Madam Speaker, today, the House of Representatives will vote to  impeach the President of the United States. In America's 243-year  history, he is only the third president to be impeached. The rarity of  this process reminds us impeachment is an extraordinary remedy and  should be taken only against a president if their actions are simply  beyond the pale.   When Congress learns a president may have committed an impeachable  act, it is Congress's constitutional duty to investigate whether the  president's actions are impeachable. Our House did just that when we  learned the president may have undermined the Constitution in his  dealings with the Ukrainian government.   I disagree with President Trump on almost every issue. I do not agree  with the way he runs his government. I do not agree with his spending  priorities. I do not agree with his treatment of migrants seeking  asylum in this country. I believe he is temperamentally ill-suited to  his office, to put it mildly. But I have had disagreements, of one kind  or another, with every president with whom I have served. However,  disagreements over policy, tone, and style are simply not enough to  justify impeaching a president.   The voters of our country placed incredible trust in this president  when they elected him. He now holds the most powerful office in the  most powerful country in the world, the United States of America. As  president, he has a duty to use that power to uphold the Constitution  and the rule of law. Sadly, this president has violated that trust by  soliciting and pressuring a foreign nation to interfere in the 2020  U.S. presidential election and by obstructing Congress's impeachment  investigation. His actions undermine our Constitution, our system of  government, and the rule of law.   Today, the House is considering two separate articles of impeachment.  The first is that the president abused his power and second, that the  obstructed Congress. Both of these charges needed substantial evidence  in order to be proven, and the investigations of the House Intelligence  and Judiciary Committees have given us that evidence.   Having reviewed that evidence, I will vote to impeach the president.  I take no partisan joy in doing so. No American should take joy in the  impeachment of a president. But as Members of Congress, we took an oath  to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. Today we  are living up to that responsibility. My impeachment vote is also a  signal to future presidents that they are not above the law and will be  held accountable if they violate our Constitution. When our children  and grandchildren look back on this historic time, I hope they will  know we did not shy away from our oath of office and that we fought to  protect our democracy and to preserve our Constitution for them and for  future generations.   