 Mr. President, let me just say, on behalf of the  State of Nevada, that I am so appreciative that I get to work with my  colleagues from Wisconsin and Oregon. I thank them for their commitment  because this is the No. 1 issue in the State of Nevada.   I say to Senator Baldwin: What you are doing is really standing up  for people and their right to have access to affordable healthcare in  this country when they need it, access to medication when they need it,  and the comfort in knowing that if they purchase a plan, if something,  God forbid, should happen to them, then, they will have access to that  medication and those doctors when they need it. Thank you for your hard  work.   I stand today because I want to tell you about one of these people in  the State of Nevada. Her name is Carol Elewski. She is from Reno, NV.  Carol has chronic asthma. She manages it with medications that cost up  to $400 a month--$400 a month.   In October of 2016, Carol had such a bad asthma attack that she was  admitted to the hospital for 10 days as doctors struggled to get her  breathing under control. Thankfully, today Carol's health is stable,  but because of her preexisting condition and high prescription drug  costs, she depends on the protections of the Affordable Care Act to  keep her healthcare costs in check.   This administration, as we have heard today from my colleagues, keeps  chipping away at those protections. Literally, we have heard from the  President that he is proud of sabotaging the Affordable Care Act. He  has weakened the ACA by expanding access to these junk plans. These  short-term, limited-duration plans don't cover essential services, like  prescription drugs, emergency rooms visits, and maternity care.   Today, I am joining my colleagues to, once again, urge that we do  away with these scam insurance policies. These plans appeal to  consumers because they are low cost, but they are also low benefit, as  we have heard. Many people who purchase them don't realize just how  limited the coverage is. All those details are in the fine print of the  policies in dense legal jargon, and it is nearly impossible to  understand. I am an attorney, and I will tell you that even attorneys  have difficulty understanding that dense legal jargon in some of these  policies. Consumers don't know that the plans they are signing up for-- because of the dense legal jargon and because they are not given  specifics, and there is not enough transparency--don't even cover their  preexisting conditions. Consumers may not realize that their coverage  has annual or lifetime spending caps.   Take Carol, for instance. Let's say she had signed up for a junk plan  instead of an ACA-compliant plan--an easy mistake to make, since  companies hide the differences between the two. With the junk plan,  Carol's insurance could have refused to cover her healthcare costs  because of her asthma. They could have denied payment for the emergency  treatment she needed when she literally could not breathe, and they  could have declined coverage for the essential medications she needs to  keep the asthma in check.   Under these junk plans, women who get pregnant don't get coverage for  prenatal care or for delivering their babies. People with lifelong  genetic conditions, like cystic fibrosis, can be denied coverage, as  can those facing mental health issues.   What is more, even if you don't buy a junk healthcare plan, these  plans' very existence drives up our healthcare costs in this country.  That is because younger, healthier people are more likely to risk  choosing a limited junk plan because those plans are cheaper. That  leaves the rest of the population, including many women and children,  in a much more expensive insurance pool.   Estimates say that junk plans could cost a family of four with an ACA  plan over $3,000 in increased insurance premiums every year. The No  Junk Plans Act that Senator Baldwin has introduced undoes the  administration's order that allowed insurance companies to offer  consumers up to 3 years of deceptive, skimpy coverage.   Under the No Junk Plans Act, customers can only use these short-term  plans for 90 days. The plans would work the way they were intended--as  a bridge between coverage at one job and the next.   I hear this all the time in Nevada. Americans have told us time and  again what they want their healthcare to do: to cover preexisting  conditions, keep down prescription drug costs, include women's health,  cover mental health, and pay for emergency rooms visits.   I am going to continue to fight for what the American people want,  and that is the comprehensive coverage of the Affordable Care Act.   We cannot let the administration succeed in doing an end-run around  the ACA. The House has already passed legislation to do away with these  flimsy and deceptive junk plans. Now it is time for the Senate to step  up and do the same.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   