 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York, as  I like to call it the suburbs of northern Jersey.   But as my colleagues before me have made clear, this Congress must  honor the first responders and survivors of  9/11 and make the September 11 Victim Compensation Fund permanent.   For 8 months and 19 days after September 11, police officers,  firefighters, first responders, FBI agents, and Federal officers from  across the country came together in New York. In a gesture of national  unity that we have not forgotten, they stayed, sometimes far away from  home, to help.   Firefighters like Gerry Lynch from the Bloomfield Fire Department in  my district. Gerry and the Bloomfield firefighters were assigned to  help Ladder 105 Engine 219 in Brooklyn because they were at Ground Zero  looking for their brothers. After being told that they could go home to  Jersey, Gerry didn't think twice about what he would do next. He went  down to help on the bucket brigades at Ground Zero working with men and  women on the line.   Madam Speaker, we now know that first responders, as well as  students, residents, workers, and business owners of Lower Manhattan  were exposed to toxic fumes in the aftermath of the attack. What some  have called a toxic soup of mercury, dust, silica, lead, fiberglass,  benzene, and many other substances, were pulverized and released into  the air. These victims have developed cancers, pulmonary disease,  respiratory disease, and sleep apnea, among many other ailments.   Those suffering from 9/11-related illnesses include Mike, a  firefighter from New Jersey, who lugged, by hand, the equipment that  his firefighters brought from New Jersey into Ground Zero. Mike worked  from 7 a.m. through the next morning, and by the time he was finished,  he was so exhausted that a human chain had to carry him off the pile.  His feet never hit the ground.   Mike told me that a lot of firefighters, including himself, didn't  want to come forward. They didn't want to admit that they might need  help. But luckily for him, his captain made sure that they went forward  for monitoring, and so he started that in 2004. Since  9/11, Mike has developed breathing problems, sleep apnea, and  precancerous cells. He asked me to let people know how hard the  firefighters worked for us and that we need to do whatever we can for  those who have fallen sick.   Madam Speaker, we are here tonight to let Mike and all those  suffering know that we consider it our responsibility and our duty to  get this done. We established the victim compensation fund in 2011 to  provide care for Mike and all those suffering from health issues after  9/11.   There are 8,614 New Jerseyans who have registered for the victim  compensation fund, and nearly 4,000 have submitted claim forms. That is  500 residents in my district alone. If anyone thinks this is just a New  York-New Jersey issue, consider that the victim compensation fund helps  Americans from 434 out of 435 congressional districts.   The fund is running out, Madam Speaker. As my colleagues said,  benefits are being slashed by 70 percent and thousands of claims go  unpaid. To let the fund go broke or give another temporary extension  and force our heroes and their families to worry about the rug being  pulled out from under them is simply unacceptable. It is embarrassing  that we would have to fight for this, that people who are ill cannot  concentrate solely on getting the treatment they need or seeing the  right doctors.   Firefighters like Mike and Gerry were the ones who didn't run away  from the crisis, but ran right into it. People who have displayed this  bravery and courage need to be taken care of. They should not be made  to feel guilty that they are asking for help when they have medical  issues related to their service.   Madam Speaker, I believe in this country. I believe in our values and  that as a Nation we know that when we step up and when we take care of  our own, we are helping those people to whom we owe the most to. We  need to give these first responders and survivors the peace of mind  that their sacrifice for this country is recognized and valued by the  rest of America. I call upon each and every Member of this Congress to  join us and to make the September 11 Victim Compensation Fund  permanent.   Go Navy.   