 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3526, the  Counter Terrorist Network Act. I introduced the bipartisan Counter  Terrorist Network Act with my colleague from New York, Representative  Katko, to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security has the tools  it needs to work effectively with international partners to prevent  foreign terrorist organizations from carrying out attacks on U.S. soil.   As we work to address growing threats posed by domestic terrorism, we  must also remain vigilant against the threats posed by al-Qaida and its  affiliates, the Islamic State, and other foreign terrorist  organizations that aspire to do our Nation harm.   With the Counter Terrorist Network Act, law enforcement will have  enhanced resources to help thwart threats to our country. The Counter  Terrorist Network Act authorizes the National Targeting Center, which  is housed within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to collaborate  with international security agencies to disrupt and dismantle terrorist  networks.   Importantly, it authorizes CBP to assign National Targeting Center  personnel to overseas posts to improve information sharing about  terrorist networks and help prevent entry to the U.S. by travelers who  are known or suspected of being associated with a terrorist network.   NTC--that is the National Targeting Center--personnel play an  important role in the safety of our country, including my community in  northern Illinois. We know that in fiscal year 2015, CBP was able to  prevent 22,000 high-risk travelers from traveling to the U.S. through  the collaboration between the NTC and other predeparture screening  programs. This number represents previously unknown high-risk travelers  who were found to pose a national security or terrorist threat.    The successful partnerships and programs that CBP has built with  other law enforcement partners in furtherance of their antiterrorism  and homeland security mission warrant congressional support. As we work  to address growing threats posed by domestic terrorism, we must also  remain vigilant against the threats posed by al-Qaida and its  affiliates, the Islamic State, and other foreign terrorist  organizations that continue to aspire to do our Nation harm.   I would note that similar language overwhelmingly passed the House in  [[Page H8027]]  2018, and I urge my colleagues to again support the Counter Terrorist  Network Act.   Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Thompson and his  staff on the House Committee on Homeland Security for all of their  invaluable work on this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I introduced the U.S. Border Patrol  Medical Screening Standards Act in response to the conditions I  witnessed firsthand on our border this year: first in April, then in  July, and then again in August.   The humanitarian crisis at our border is a problem that we should be  working together to solve with an evidence-based approach. This  legislation is evidence-based, and I am incredibly proud that it was  able to be forwarded by the Committee on Homeland Security with a voice  vote.   I also appreciated Ranking Member Rogers' willingness to engage with  us on this bill, and I am committed to continuing to look for ways to  work together on these issues going forward.   As introduced, my bill had three sections, two of which are included  in the legislation we are debating today.   First, my bill ensures implementation of an integrated electronic  health records system, or EHR, to be used by those caring for migrants  at the border. This is a direct ask from medical officers at the  Department of Homeland Security who have identified it as a high- priority barrier to providing care.   We know that migrants may be transferred between different sites and  components multiple times while in custody, and an interoperable EHR is  essential to their health records remaining accessible.   Immigration and Customs Enforcement has an EHR. The Office of Refugee  Resettlement has an EHR. But Customs and Border Protection, which  includes the U.S. Border Patrol, doesn't.   When I was at the border, I saw busy, overworked Border Patrol  officials having to keep health records on paper. I also saw how these  records don't always follow migrants between facilities and transfers  of custody.   As DHS works to improve its medical screening of children and  migrants at the border to ensure there is a minimum standard of care,  the need for proper recordkeeping on those screenings will only  increase.   Furthermore, children can spend days or weeks in CBP custody before  being transferred to another component. There must be a transferrable  record of the medical care those kids receive and the medical  conditions that they report. That is why DHS has already begun  independently taking steps toward an electronic health records system,  hiring staff, and soliciting individual component requirements.   This legislation formalizes and directs that process, setting an  aggressive but achievable timeline that reflects the urgency of the  humanitarian situation at our southern border.   Second, this bill directs DHS to research innovative approaches to  address any capability gaps in providing medical screening,  particularly for children, pregnant women, the elderly, and other  vulnerable populations.   As a nurse, I believe in data-driven, evidence-based policymaking.  Data shows that, in recent years, the migrant population arriving at  our southern border has shifted from primarily adult, economic migrants  to a large number of families and unaccompanied children seeking  asylum.   DHS must be better prepared to respond to these shifts, and barriers  to providing basic medical care to migrants in U.S. custody will  persist as our country continues its national conversation around  immigration policy. The research required by this litigation will  ensure that we have robust data on DHS' capabilities in order to inform  our response.   My bill also ensures that, in conducting this research, DHS  collaborates with medical professionals who have expertise in pediatric  care so that DHS is addressing both the physical and the mental health  needs of migrant children at the border. By proactively focusing on  children, this research is intended to prevent the care gaps we have  seen in other Federal facilities caring for migrant children.   Lastly, I am proud that the third section of this bill, as  introduced, was incorporated into my colleague Dr. Ruiz' legislation  that was passed by the House in July. This section set consistent  minimum standards for medical screening of migrants at the border.   Proactive, consistent, and timely medical screening is essential to a  public health response to the humanitarian crisis on our border, but  effective medical protocols are not in practice right now.  [[Page H8034]]    By training border personnel in medical screening, the legislation  provides law enforcement and staff at the border the support that they  need so that they aren't being forced to deal with medical situations  that we haven't equipped them for. That is why I am pleased that this  screening language passed the House in July.   In addition to these medical screening standards, we need to ensure  DHS has an electronic health record and close those research gaps. That  is what this legislation on the floor right now would do: build on the  legislation we passed in July and implement the remaining two  components of the U.S. Border Patrol Medical Screening Standards Act.   Anyone who has been to the border, including many of my colleagues on  the Committee on Homeland Security, has seen how overwhelming the  humanitarian situation there is. This committee and this Congress have  consistently been willing to provide the Department of Homeland  Security with the resources it needs, but with those resources comes  accountability and oversight. This legislation is an important and a  sensible step forward to make sure that both migrants and border  officials are not placed in situations that are unsafe.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to recognize and thank Chairman  Thompson and his staff on the Committee on Homeland Security--including  Rosaline Cohen, Alexandra Carnes, Wendy Clerinx, Ethan McClelland, and  Brittany Lynch--for their months of hard work on this legislation, and  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, my colleagues in this body, medical  experts, and our neighbors and constituents all agree the humanitarian  and medical situation at our southern border has reached crisis levels.   During my conversations with health officials at the border,  including with the Department of Homeland Security, they told me that  one of the most urgent solutions they need is an electronic health  record that can be used by everyone providing medical care at the  border.   DHS recognizes this, too, and has already taken steps toward  implementation, but it is not moving fast enough. So this legislation  directs that process, setting an aggressive but achievable timeline  that reflects the urgency of the humanitarian situation. The children  and families in our care can't afford any further delays.   Now, let me be clear: As a nurse, and a member of the House Committee  on Veterans' Affairs, providing world-class care to our veterans is a  top priority. I have introduced a number of proposals to improve  healthcare delivery to our veterans, and I am working on a slate of  others.   I welcome the input of my colleagues from across the aisle who want  to work with me on modernizing the VA to better serve women veterans,  improving mental healthcare access and quality, ending the veteran  suicide epidemic, or any other way to serve our country's heroic  veterans.   But where I am from, in northern Illinois, we can walk and chew gum  at the same time because we also have a moral duty to ensure that  children in our government's custody receive the basic medical  screenings and services needed to ensure lives are not lost on our  watch.   It is simple, and we can do both. That is what we are debating here  today.   Children are dying of preventable causes in our care for the first  time in a decade. We all agree that the humanitarian situation at our  southern border presents a complex set of challenges. Congress has a  duty to address those challenges by providing, as appropriate, both  resources and oversight.   Oversight is ongoing through the excellent work of our committees, in  addition to inspectors general. We have repeatedly met requests for  additional humanitarian funding as needed, most recently with the  approval of almost $5 billion in supplemental funding this summer.   But this Congress is choosing, rightly, to provide that funding along  with additional guardrails and directions for how to spend it in a way  that is consistent with American values because the status quo is  unacceptable. Children are dying of preventable causes in our care for  the first time in a decade. My bill, along with Congressman Ruiz's and  Congresswoman Escobar's, provides the guardrails and direction to  reverse course.   Let's be clear: This is not some gold-plated package. What these  policies do is establish minimum, consistent standards that ensure that  we can effectively provide the most basic medical screenings and care.  What we are doing is making sure that children and families in our care  are asked questions like, ``Do you have a fever? Do you have your  inhaler? Could you be pregnant?'' and that their answers are recorded  and used to make sure that they are provided basic care.   These changes are urgently needed. Children are dying of preventable  causes in our care for the first time in a decade, children like  Darlyn, Jakelin, Felipe, Juan, Wilmer, and Carlos.   Medical care for these children has huge, unacceptable gaps. We have  a responsibility to implement commonsense, effective policies that we  know will fix that because children should never die from a preventable  cause in our care.   We have a responsibility to ensure that the Department of Homeland  Security is better prepared for future challenges to ensure the  failures that contributed to these deaths are never repeated.   Children in our care have been separated from their families. They  have been denied toothbrushes and blankets. They have been saddled with  trauma that can affect them for their entire lives.   We must make sure that these children and their families have access  to basic medical care and screening while in custody. That is why we  have to reject this procedural gimmick, which could delay essential  tools and resources from getting to officials at the border who need  them.   I urge all my colleagues, vote ``no'' on the motion to recommit and  vote ``yes'' to pass this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the  distinguished majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   