 Mr. Chair, as a 35th-generation American, I rise in  support of H.R. 1146.   The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge was set aside to protect its  unique wildlife, wilderness, and resources. It sustains the Gwich'in  Tribe and has for centuries. It is why they call it ``the sacred place  where life begins.''   Oil and gas drilling puts at risk the Porcupine caribou herd, which  has sustained tribes for centuries and centuries. It also threatens  wolves, polar bears, and migratory birds that live in the refuge. It  will release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, exacerbating the  effects of global warming, which have affected Alaska far more than any  State in this country.   Republicans slipped this drilling provision into their tax cut bill  last Congress. I might add that no tribes had an opportunity to voice  their opinions on any of that. Now, this administration is rushing  ahead without adequate environmental review or Tribal consultation.   Americans want a smart approach to sustainable energy development,  not a careless rush to sell off one of our most iconic and sacred  places for shortsighted, destructive fossil fuel production.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to stand with the Gwich'in, speak up  for the animals that live in the refuge, and support this important  legislation.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. As  a 35th-generation American, it is well known that I am deeply committed  to ensuring proper consultation with Indian Tribes about Federal  policies and laws that impact them.   But this amendment isn't really about Tribal consultation. If it  were, Republicans would have insisted on this provision before the  Arctic Refuge was added to the tax bill and opened up for drilling. And  they would also be insisting on consultation with all Tribes, including  the Gwich'in people, who get sustenance from the Porcupine caribou  [[Page H7682]]  herd that will be directly impacted by drilling on the coastal plain.   Just because certain Alaska Natives don't ``live there'' doesn't mean  they don't have ancestral ties to the land. And, in fact, this land is  imperative to their present and future existence. The real purpose of  this amendment is to delay protecting the refuge until this  administration is able to give it away to oil and gas companies, when  it will be too late.   If we stop the leasing process first, I would fully support a  thorough consultation with the Inupiat and Gwich'in people and would  look for ways to improve the quality of life of the people of Kaktovik  without drilling the Arctic Refuge. We can't drill first and ask  questions later, because there is no going back.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment.   