 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res.  24, to express the sense of Congress that Special Counsel Mueller's  report be made available to the American people and to Congress. We  cannot impugn the integrity of the American people by keeping this  report silenced.   For nearly 2 years, Special Counsel Robert Mueller and his team have  investigated serious and credible allegations about obstruction of  justice and collusion at the highest levels of our government. To date,  Mr. Speaker, the investigation has led to the public indictment of  three companies and 34 individuals, including the indictment of  President Trump's former campaign manager and personal lawyer, seven  guilty pleas, and one conviction following a jury trial. The  allegations range from election interference, to lying to the FBI, to  conspiracy to defraud the United States.   Mr. Speaker, this should not be a Republican or a Democratic issue. I  hope that my colleagues on the other side will understand that there  should be nothing to hide from the American people about this  investigation, a special counsel's investigation into whether there was  interference in our elections.   If my Republican colleagues have nothing to fear from this report, if  they are willing to stand up for the Constitution, if they are willing  to stand up for the American people and put that Constitution over  party, over any individual, including the one that sits in the White  House, then they, too, will join us in voting unanimously for this  resolution.   It is a big deal for the American people to maintain trust in our  democracy and in our government. They have to know the results of the  special counsel's report. This is, again, an American issue. It is  about doing our constitutional duty to protect our democracy.   I look forward, Mr. Speaker, to having a unanimous vote on this  resolution, passing it through and making it clear that we have nothing  to hide. It is our duty to the American people.   