 Madam Chair, I thank my good friend for yielding, and I  want to assure the ranking member that the program I am discussing does  not already exist, but it should.   I rise today to express my strong support for the Coastal and Great  Lakes Communities Enhancement Act, which includes the text of my bill,  the District of Columbia Flood Prevention Act of 2019. I thank my  friend Natural Resources Committee chair Raul Grijalva and Water,  Oceans, and Wildlife Subcommittee chair Jared Huffman for including my  bill in this legislation.   This legislation would amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972  to include the Nation's capital in the definition of ``coastal state.''  Our bill would correct an apparent oversight in the omission of the  District of Columbia from the CZMA and would make the District eligible  to receive Federal coastal zone management funding, including flood  mitigation and prevention funds for the Nation's capital.   Importantly, the District is located on two rivers, the Anacostia and  the Potomac, which are tidally influenced and show tangible salt water  effects and fish and are a part of an intertidal-zone existing between  high and low maritime tides. D.C. has suffered substantial coastal  floods in the past and has also experienced numerous instances of  riverine and interior flooding, such as the massive flood of 2006,  which flooded Constitution Avenue and caused millions of dollars in  damage to the National Archives, the Internal Revenue Service, and  other Federal buildings.   Despite these factors, D.C. was omitted from the list of eligible  States and territories in the CZMA. The oversight probably occurred  because the CZMA was passed in 1972 before the District achieved home  rule. Because territories are included in the definition of ``coastal  states'' under the CZMA, it appears that the District omission is a  mistake which only Congress can correct.   I appreciate the gentleman for including my bill in this bill.    Madam Chair, I rise to express my strong support for the  Coastal and Great Lakes Communities Enhancement Act (H.R. 729), which  contains a number of important provisions, including the text of my  bill, the District of Columbia Flood Prevention Act of 2019 (H.R.  2185). I thank my friend, Natural Resources Committee Chair Raul  Grijalva, and Water, Oceans, and Wildlife Subcommittee Chair Jared  Huffman, for including my bill in this legislation. This legislation  would amend the Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (CZMA) to include  the nation's capital in the definition of ``coastal state.'' Our bill  would correct an apparent oversight in the omission of the District of  Columbia from the CZMA and would make the District eligible to receive  federal coastal zone management funding, including flood mitigation and  prevention funds.   Importantly, the District is located on two rivers, the Anacostia and  Potomac Rivers, which are tidally influenced and show tangible salt  water effects (and fish) and are part of an ``intertidal-zone''  existing between high and low maritime tides. D.C. has suffered  substantial coastal floods in the past and has also experienced  numerous instances of riverine and interior flooding, such as the  massive flood of 2006 which flooded Constitution Avenue and caused  millions of dollars in damage to the National Archives, the Internal  Revenue Service and other federal buildings.   Despite these factors, D.C. was omitted from the list of eligible  states and territories in the CZMA. This oversight probably occurred  because the CZMA was passed in 1972--before the District achieved home  rule. Because territories are included in the definition of ``coastal  states'' under the CZMA, it appears that D.C.'s omission is a mistake,  which only Congress can correct.   A member of the other side complained that the District should not be  included in the bill. However, scientists have predicted that the tides  on the Atlantic Coast could rise two to four feet by the year 2100,  causing private and federal property worth as much as $7 billion in the  District to be routinely under threat by floodwaters. Because of these  factors, the District should be eligible under the CZMA, just like the  states and territories already listed in the CZMA.   I urge support for this bill.   