 Madam Speaker, I am so glad that our colleagues across  the aisle agree that the conditions at the border are intolerable,  because they are.   A few months ago, I had the opportunity to go to the southern border,  meet with Border Patrol agents and advocates on the ground, including a  woman who had been separated from her children, and we toured detention  facilities.   The humanitarian crisis then, in February, was undeniable, and it has  only gotten worse. But the cause of this crisis has raised serious  questions, particularly as to why it has escalated.   In addition to suspending critical aid designed to relieve conditions  causing desperate families to flee their homes, the Trump  administration is failing to use longstanding lawful processes and  available resources to provide relief to children and refugees at the  southern border.   The Trump administration's policies are not making our border safer,  but they are worsening the situation, at the expense of the health and  well-being of desperate children and families.   There are unused beds at facilities in my home State of Pennsylvania  and in Texas, and many refugee children have sponsors, family members  available here, but they are being denied access.   Prior to coming to Congress, I represented immigrants and asylum  seekers who, by definition, lawfully enter this country seeking refuge.  I can confidently say that international law is being violated on a  daily basis by this administration, and it has abandoned longstanding  legal norms for processing asylees, with the apparent purpose of  exacerbating the crisis for political gain.   I agree that we need to send additional resources to relieve the  inhumane conditions affecting refugees at our border. But we also have  a responsibility to make sure that those resources are not misused to  worsen rather than relieve this crisis.   Therefore, I urge that we support the border relief bill that is  before us, which will provide resources to relieve the crisis and  improve the health and well-being of innocent children, while allowing  transparency and oversight.    It is important that we allow transparency and oversight  on how those funds are used.   To our Republican colleagues in the Senate, especially Majority  Leader McConnell, if you fail to work with us to address this  humanitarian crisis, not only will your legacy be your legislative  graveyard in the Senate, but the deaths of these children and families.   