 Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking the ranking  member of the subcommittee, Chuck Fleischmann, for the courteous way in  which he represented and fought for the minority's priorities.   The negotiations on the DH funding bill were among the hardest I have  experienced to date. Although we did not win every battle, we won many.   We prevented new funding for immigration enforcement field personnel.  We secured funding to increase detention facility inspections from once  every 3 years to twice a year.   We won funding to increase detention facility compliance with the  Prison Rape Elimination Act to provide more victim assistance  specialists and to expand the Alternatives to Detention program,  including $30.5 million for family case management.   We held firm on a provision to prevent ICE from using information  from the Office of Refugee Resettlement to detain and remove sponsors  of unaccompanied children.   We improved transparency by requiring ICE to make information public  about the numbers and categories of people in its custody.   While I am not happy with the outcome on border fencing, we did limit  funding for border fencing to only $1.375 billion, no higher than last  year. We also won protections for several ecologically sensitive areas  in Texas. And we secured hundreds of millions of dollars for  humanitarian efforts to ensure migrants who spend time in CBP custody  are appropriately cared for.   Our bill also has large investments in equipment to detect drugs and  other contraband at our ports of entry, where the real threat lies.   The bill funds 600 new Customs officers to help facilitate commerce  and reduce wait times at the ports.   The bill also includes funds for the Coast Guard's first heavy  icebreaker in 40 years and provides robust support for FEMA  preparedness and disaster response grants.   Compared to the current detention bed level, we significantly reduced  the funding available for ICE detention beds for the rest of this  fiscal year.   Unfortunately, we were unable to reach agreement on how to prevent  OMB from giving ICE a blank check for  [[Page H2018]]  detention beds during continuing resolutions, and we were unable to  effectively prevent DHS' abuse of its transfer authority to increase  detention beds. That transfer authority is intended to address  unforeseen changes in circumstances. It is not to be used as a tool for  routinely defying congressional intent on spending.    As chair of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, I will  demand the Department honor the intent of Congress and fully justify  any use of its transfer authority. I will hold public hearings to  ensure the American people know when that authority is being abused  and, if not corrected, redouble my efforts to ensure that authority is  taken away.   While not a perfect bill, the only alternative to this negotiated  bill is a yearlong CR, which would not only include DHS but all the  civilian departments and agencies for which the bill before us has  significant new funding initiatives important to Democrats and  Republicans alike.   The fact is, Federal agencies need full-year funding bills if we  expect them to carry out their missions effectively, especially after  the trauma of the longest partial government shutdown.   It is time to put fiscal year 2019 behind us so we can start in  earnest on fiscal year 2020 and the oversight opportunities it  provides.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for the bill.   