 Mr. President, I join with my colleagues here in saying  how disappointed I was that today's vote to reopen the government  immediately while we keep negotiating to address border security was  defeated, but I am encouraged by the bipartisan group on the Senate  floor with me this afternoon to send one clear message: Let's pass a  clean, 3-week continuing resolution to reopen the government  immediately, and each of us is committed to work to pass a strong,  bipartisan border security bill during that 3-week period.   Like many of my colleagues, I have gone down to the border. I have  talked to our frontline personnel on the border. There is a lot of  common ground about what we need to strengthen our border security. I  join my colleagues here and thank Senators Cardin and Murkowski for  organizing us in saying that we can get to a solution on border  security, but we need to open the government right away.   There is no reason to keep the government closed while negotiations  on strengthening border security continue. In fact, there is concern  that negotiations forced by shutdowns set a dangerous precedent.   So I strongly urge my colleagues from both parties to support this  bipartisan approach. I also thank Senators Graham and Cardin for their  leadership in this effort, and I am committed to working with them and  the rest of this bipartisan group to find a way forward.  [[Page S566]]    Every day that this senseless shutdown continues, it is hurting  people in New Hampshire and across the country. We have all been  sharing stories. We have heard these stories. We have talked to the  hard-working men and women who serve the people of this country and who  are doing their work without pay or who are furloughed and who really  don't know how they are going to make their next mortgage payment and  their next utility payment or put food on the table and get their  medication--all of the things they need a good day's wages to do. So we  need to end this now.   I join with my colleagues in being here this afternoon to simply say  that we need to open the government and that I am committed, as all of  us are, to negotiate in good faith going forward to find a solution on  border security.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   