 Mr. President, the past week has lain bare just how  dangerous it can be to have a President who approaches foreign policy  as if it were a reality show, when the worst thing that can happen is  to get kicked off before the next episode airs--a President who doesn't  seem to recognize that his words and his decisions can have life-and- death consequences for the brave Americans who wear our Nation's  uniform. No matter your political party, what we have seen from the  White House of late should worry every single one of us.   In one breath, Trump is beating the drums of war, thumping his chest,  and pushing for a conflict that would kill an unimaginable number of  people--servicemembers and civilians alike. In the next breath, he  tries to act like a peacemaker who wouldn't even think  [[Page S4485]]  of starting a new war. It is gaslighting, plain and simple. Yet it is  the closest thing to a Trump foreign policy doctrine since his  inauguration.   So, while I am glad he called off a military strike last week, it  hasn't made me forget that he and aides like John Bolton are the ones  who brought us to the brink of war in the first place. Trump will not  get any points from me for taking a small step to avert a disaster he  himself created, and I have no confidence whatsoever that his  carelessness will not lead us right back to that same brink today,  tomorrow, or a week from now because, when it comes to Iran, Trump's  erratic, incoherent strategy isn't just worrisome, it is potentially  deadly for the men and women who are willing to sacrifice everything to  keep the rest of us safe.   Look, I ran for Congress so that when the drums of war were sounded,  I would be in a position to make sure our elected officials would fully  consider the true costs of war not just in dollars and cents but in  human lives. That was the vow I made to the troops with whom I deployed  and to all those who have served since I hung up my uniform. I am  standing here today, on the floor of the U.S. Senate, to keep that  promise.   Right now, more and more Americans are preparing to head to a war  zone that is 6,000 miles east in order to protect this Nation. They are  ready to do their jobs no matter what, just as they have done time  after time, even as their President and, yes, the Representatives in  this very Chamber have neglected theirs.   Again and again, this administration has laid out two scenarios it  says would justify war with Iran. Then it has taken actions to make  sure those circumstances become a reality, which sets us on a collision  course that has life-and-death stakes and no easy off-ramp.   The first scenario is if Iran edges closer to making a nuclear  weapon. Well, you don't need to be a physicist to understand that Trump  himself made that possibility more likely by unilaterally pulling the  United States out of the nuclear agreement. In doing so, he freed Iran  from having to abide by the deal that limited its nuclear production.  Now he is raging about Iran's doing the very things his actions  encouraged Iran to do. It is circular logic with potentially fatal  consequences.   The second scenario it has laid out is an attack on U.S. troops in  the region--another possibility that has been made more likely by a  series of Trump's recent moves, as he has made clear through his  bombastic statements and tweets that he is looking for excuses to send  more troops to the area. Now we are dealing with the entirely  predictable fallout from those actions--the raised stakes, the stoked  tensions, and the louder calls for war from some on the far right.   Iran is no friend of ours. We were adversaries long before Trump took  office. Yet what we are facing today is, in part, a manufactured crisis  by this President. The Trump administration seems to be making foreign  policy decisions not based on our Nation's interests but to serve some  ideological or political purpose. In that effort, it is using our  troops as bait, as if it is trying to manufacture its own 21st century  ``Gulf of Tonkin'' crisis that it can use to justify war.    In some sort of nightmare deja vu, it is as if it is drawing from the  same script that led us into Iraq--sowing chaos, shrouding  intelligence, putting troops in harm's way--for no clear reason and  with no clear end state in mind. On some days, it almost seems like it  is provoking--even promoting--war just for war's sake, repeating those  mistakes of years past that have cost us so many heroic lives.   It is as if Trump and the extremists in his administration don't  remember the sacrifices our troops have made in the war we are still  waging just west of Iran. It is as if it has forgotten all those  flagged-draped coffins that have returned home from Iraq and the many  veterans who have come home with scars, both visible and otherwise,  most of whom will never be the same.   Look, I am no dove. I understand that war is sometimes necessary, and  our troops certainly do as well. While Trump and Bolton may have never  deigned to put on the uniform, I volunteered and served in the military  for 23 years. I chose to fight in a war I did not support on the orders  of a President I did not vote for. Why? I did it because, while I may  not have believed in the war, I believed--and still believe--in the  Constitution, and my Commander in Chief gave a lawful order after his  having been authorized to do so by Congress. So, while I may not have  supported the war or that President, I am proud to have deployed to  Iraq in order to have served my country.   I know what is at stake for the thousands of troops this  administration is sending into harm's way, and I can tell you it is a  whole lot easier to cover your eyes and order other Americans to  sacrifice if you don't have to sacrifice anything yourself. Trump may  have responded ``no'' all five times to his Nation's calling him to  duty, but our troops respond with a salute, and time after time, they  report for duty every single time. One, two, three, four--I know of  troops who have done eight deployments. It is much easier to ignore the  everyday realities of war from inside the security of the White House,  but it is nearly impossible if you have been outside the wire yourself.   So, with the drums of war beating loudly again, I am standing here,  under the great Capitol dome, trying to keep my promise to hold the  Members of this body accountable--trying to make sure we do our jobs.  Our troops do their jobs every single day. Because the costs of war in  both dollars and cents and human lives will no longer just be  theoretical if we keep to the path aides like Bolton are pursuing, our  homeland will be in more danger; more wounded warriors will be sent to  Walter Reed; and more fallen heroes will be laid to rest at Arlington.   Even if you are OK with that, the fact is, the President does not  have the authority to declare war; only Congress has that power. We are  the ones tasked with deciding when and how we send Americans into  combat. We are the ones the Constitution has charged with that most  solemn duty, not Donald Trump and certainly not unelected warmongers  like Bolton. Lately, though, the White House has acted as if article I  simply doesn't exist. Trump has acted as if he can just usurp his power  from the legislative branch as though obeying the Constitution is  optional. Well, it is not.   This should not be a partisan issue. No matter if you are a factory  worker who pulls double shifts or the President of the United States,  no one is above the law. No matter if you struggle to pay rent or your  name is plastered in gold on the front of a building on Fifth Avenue,  no one can overrule the Constitution. Our troops should never ever be  chess pieces in some reckless ideological game. Now, in the midst of  the very week that is dedicated to Congress's evading next year's  defense funding, it is past time for Congress to reclaim that solemn  responsibility--that sacred responsibility--of declaring war.   For too long, too many on the Hill have shrugged off that most solemn  duty. Scared of the political risks in staring down election days,  Congress has shirked its constitutional responsibility to our troops in  its refusal to take up any new authorizations for use of military  force. For decades, Congress has ceded its authority to the White House  by failing to act. It has handed Presidents from both parties the  ability to command our military without having clear authorization,  effectively cutting the people's elected Representatives out of the  war-making process entirely.   Enough. Enough of being so worried about political consequences that  we fail to do our own jobs even as we expect our troops to do theirs  every damned day without complaint. We need to do better by our  servicemembers. We owe it to them to honor their sacrifices. Part of  that means ensuring that no American sheds blood in a war that Congress  has not authorized. Despite what some in the administration say, there  is just no way that the AUMF that passed in order to go after the  perpetrators of 9/11 can justify military action against Iran nearly  two decades later and send our troops overseas who may not have even  been alive when that AUMF was voted on.   If Trump and company want to go to war, they must bring their case to  Congress and give the American people a say through their elected  Representatives. They must respect our servicemembers enough to provide  and prove  [[Page S4486]]  why war with Iran is worth turning more moms and dads into Gold Star  parents, and they must testify about what the end state in Iran  actually needs to look like. Then, when their case has been made and  when Congress's debate is done, we in this body should vote. It is our  duty. It is the least we can do for those who are willing to safeguard  our democracy--our way of life, our Constitution--even if it means  laying down their lives.   In the days ahead, vigilance is key. We can't simply believe the  people who try to convince us that, in order to support our troops, we  need to pass the NDAA as soon as possible. As a former unit commander,  I know this is not true. The best thing we can do for our  servicemembers is to make sure they know their actions are legally  justified by their government. If that takes a week or two or three,  then it is worth the discussion.   If the vote to authorize military force then passes, whenever that  is, I will be the first person to volunteer to deploy. I will be ready  to pack my ruck and dust off my uniform. I may no longer have legs, but  I can man a truck. I can take on the grunt work or do whatever else it  takes to uphold that oath to which all servicemembers and veterans have  sworn--to, no matter what, protect and defend this Nation we love.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   