 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak on behalf  of my amendment, co-authored by Representative Harley Rouda of  California, which seeks to bring badly-needed transparency to sources  of compensation for certain individuals staffing the legislative  branch.   I would like to start by thanking my colleague from California (Mr.  Rouda) for working together in this bipartisan fashion. I am always  willing to work across the aisle to find common ground, and I am glad  to have found a partner in him on this issue.   I would be remiss, however, if I did not mention the missed  opportunity for doing so on the underlying bill. This underlying  legislation ran afoul of the legislative process, having gone through  only one markup, despite 10 committee referrals.   Democratic leaders also rejected many Republican amendments that I  support, amendments that would have terminated Congressional pensions,  prohibiting pay for Congressmen when the government shuts down, and  other commonsense reforms.   If we are serious about strengthening our democracy, we need to start  with reforming our own Congress. Luckily, Representative Rouda and I  are doing just that through our amendment. Our amendment codifies a  Senate rule that requires legislative branch offices to disclose the  source of funding for Congressional fellows.   While the general public understands the need for strict regulations  on campaign contributions, gifts, and other methods of influence, many  Americans would be shocked to learn that the influence of personnel is  escaping public notice.   The Congressional Fellows program is a great contribution to this  institution on the whole, as it offers direct exposure and experience  in the legislative process to people outside of the Beltway. That  exposure is great for our democracy and great for the American public.   However, it goes without saying that fellows being paid by industry  groups, advocacy groups, or for-profit industries shouldn't be creating  any undue advantage by way of their access to this body.   In fact, there is an old saying around Congress that personnel equals  policy. If that is so evident to Members of Congress, then surely we  can understand the potential conflicts of interest that could arise  from this influence.   It has been reported some Congressional Fellows are working on  legislation pertaining to the very interest group they are being paid  by to support their work in Congress. The public would rightfully be  outraged to learn that even some of the largest social media firms in  this country are retaining fellows on Capitol Hill, and yet, the  average citizen outside the Beltway has no way of knowing about it.  This situation gives a whole new meaning to the term ``social media  influencer.''   While House ethics rules currently bar fellowship programs from  giving an ``undue advantage to special interests,'' the House of  Representatives lacks a reporting requirement to expose conflicts of  interest.   Our amendment would fill this gap by mandating that legislative  offices disclose the rate and source of compensation for Congressional  Fellows to their Chamber's respective Ethics Committee.   The taxpayers have a right to know about the funding, Mr. Chairman.   Mr. Chairman, at this time, let me yield to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Rouda), my cosponsor for the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, could I inquire as to how  much time is remaining?    Mr. Chairman, if personnel equals policy,  then the general public should have access to knowledge about the  influencers in our legislative body.   Again, I am glad to have been a partner with Congressman Rouda in  this bipartisan initiative. I ask my colleagues to support our  amendment to uphold transparency, accountability, and the integrity of  our legislative process. And I urge all Members to vote for the  amendment. It is a very commonsense amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   