 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   It is with a heavy heart that I rise today in opposition to the  continuing resolution. As an appropriator, I don't want to support  anything short of full-year appropriations bills, especially when it  comes to funding for our national defense. Even so, in September, I  urged my colleagues to join me in voting for a temporary CR to avoid a  government shutdown and give the Senate time to complete their work.   At that time the budget deal had just been signed into law, and the  Senate had not yet started consideration of full appropriations  measures for fiscal year 2020. By voting for the last CR, I argued at  the time that we would provide enough time for appropriators in the  House and the Senate to complete work on full-year appropriations  bills.   Unfortunately, not only has that not happened, there still has not  even been an agreement reached on spending levels for those bills. No  business in the world could survive on temporary funding doled out on a  month-to-month basis. The uncertainty created by the habit Congress  finds itself in of repeated CRs and the continual threat of a shutdown  is crippling, especially for our military.   Continuing resolutions limit the military's ability to operate,  train, and care for our servicemembers and their families and continue  the critical research and development that is needed to meet and defeat  all threats. Congress must not fail to meet its most fundamental  constitutional responsibility to provide appropriations.   I call on my colleagues in both parties in both Chambers of Congress  to immediately come together, put politics aside, and work together to  reach an agreement for a full-year appropriations measure that the  President can sign.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Womack).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Arkansas.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   