 Madam President, I thank Senator Cortez Masto for that  great introduction.   I am honored and humbled to address this distinguished body as the  newest Senator from the great State of Nevada and to stand alongside an  exceptional group of colleagues with a shared commitment to public  service. I am especially honored to hold this seat, as it once belonged  to a great Nevada public servant, Senator Richard Bryan. Senator Bryan  served in just about every position in government, from assemblyman to  Governor. He worked tirelessly to advance civil rights, empower women  in government, and defend Nevada's public lands. I am so honored to  carry his values with me to move Nevada forward.   As I take up this mantle in the Senate, I am prepared to continue  Senator Bryan's legacy and work for Nevadans, while also building  toward a legacy of our own. I stand here as Nevada's 28th Senator and,  for the first time in history, as one of two women to represent our  State in the Senate. I am proud to be part of such an incredible  movement of strong, passionate, trailblazing women like Senator  Catherine Cortez Masto, who became the first female Senator to  represent the great State of Nevada and the first Latina elected to  serve in the Senate.   Everywhere, we are seeing women who are stepping up to lead, and I am  thrilled to have the chance to empower women who are looking to break  barriers along the way. By bringing more women to the decision-making  table, we can open doors and make progress on issues that affect us and  our hard-working families on a daily basis. When women put their minds  together, there is no new ground we cannot break, and there is no glass  ceiling we cannot shatter.   I stand here today to share my vision for how we can work together-- on both sides of the aisle--to lay down a framework for progress  because Nevadans and Americans everywhere are counting on us to go  above and beyond, to overcome obstacles before us, and to find  commonsense, forward-thinking solutions for the challenges of this new  era--challenges like immigration reform, which protects our Dreamers  and TPS recipients; challenges like a changing 21st century economy and  climate change; and, of course, an issue that is so important to hard- working families everywhere, the challenge of access to affordable,  quality healthcare.   Before I discuss where we are going, let me tell you just a bit about  where I come from--my values and the ways in which my story has helped  to shape who I am and how it will shape who I will be as Nevada's  newest Senator.   I am the proud granddaughter of immigrants and a first-generation  college graduate who worked my way through college waiting tables. Yes,  I am a former member of the Culinary Workers Union, and I saved my tips  in envelopes to pay for that college tuition. I am a computer  programmer and a systems analyst who worked my way up in what has been  long considered a male-dominated industry.   I am a wife to my husband Larry, a radiologist, whom I can always  count on to be by my side. I am a mother to my wonderful daughter  Miranda, whom I am so proud of and who inspires me every day to build a  better future for our country.   I am a former president of my synagogue--the largest synagogue in  Nevada--and during my tenure, I witnessed the beauty of our country's  religious diversity and how community engagement strengthens America. I  also learned the importance of working together to fight against anti- Semitism, which we are seeing now, once again, rear its ugly head here  at home and around the globe.   Remembering where I come from, my story, my roots, this is what  guides me every day to make decisions to help working families. When it  comes to issues like college affordability and education, equal pay for  equal work, labor rights, combating hate and anti-Semitism, and  standing up for Israel, I can speak from personal experience.   I am reminded that my story is just one of many from Las Vegas to  Reno, to Searchlight, to Lovelock, and everywhere in between because I  hear from Nevadans who share some of those same stories from every part  of the rich, vibrant fabric that makes up our diverse State, including  Latinos, Asian Americans, African Americans, Tribal communities, and  beyond.   When I think of the shores of Lake Tahoe and of Lake Mead, the  majestic canyons of Red Rock, the open skies across the desert, and the  mountains that shine below them like jewels in the sun, I think of  home. Nothing rings more true to me than saying home means Nevada to  me.    This is why Nevadans sent me here--to protect their  healthcare. And that is what I am going to do; that is what I will  continue to do.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   