 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment takes an important step  toward fighting terrorism. It would require the Director of National  Intelligence to submit an intelligence assessment on the relationship  between women and violent extremism and terrorism.   Madam Chair, to prevent ISIS 2.0 and to improve U.S. counterterrorism  and peace-building efforts, we need to pay more attention to the roles  that women play in violent extremism, including as victims, as  perpetrators, and as preventers.   First, as victims, women are often the first targets of terrorism. We  have seen it with the abduction and rape of thousands of women and  girls by ISIS, the kidnapping of hundreds of girls by Boko Haram in  Nigeria, and the attack of girls just trying to go to school by the  Taliban.   Secondly, Madam Chair, women are not only the victims of terrorism.  Some are perpetrators. Recent research shows that women are turning to  terror organizations because of false promises of protection, escape  from abuse at home, and even, believe it or not, for leadership  opportunities. As a result, women-led attacks are rising. In fact, now,  20 to 30 percent of foreign terrorist fighters are women. In sub- Saharan Africa alone, three out of four child suicide bombers are  girls.   Madam Chair, women are not only victims and perpetrators of  terrorism. They are also preventers, as mothers, wives, and daughters.  They influence their spouses and children. They are on the front line  of detecting early signs of radicalization in their families and  communities.   Madam Chair, because of gender inequality, their warnings are often  ignored.   Let me give you an example. Afghan women saw young men being  recruited at a wedding, and they shared their concerns with law  enforcement. They were dismissed. Later, those same recruits went on to  kill 32 people in a bus attack.   I conclude, Madam Chair, by saying that understanding women's unique  roles in terrorism is important to creating more peaceful communities  around the world, which results in more security for the United States  of America.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this very  important amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   