 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment mandates reporting on the  financial costs and national security benefits of the Department of  Defense's operations overseas. This includes the cost of operating,  improving, and maintaining military infrastructures both on our  permanent bases and installations and at short-term contingency  locations.   In order for Congress to properly conduct its oversight and  appropriation rules, we need to have a transparent explanation of how  much each of these operations cost. We also need a transparent  justification for how each of these operations contribute to keeping  Americans safe.   We hear a constant drumbeat from the other side of the aisle on the  need for fiscal responsibility when it comes to our domestic spending,  but when it comes time to fund the Pentagon, no amount is too much, and  no project is too expensive, even though we spend more on the military  than the next 10 countries combined.   When we talk about fiscal responsibility and wasteful spending, the  Pentagon must not be above reproach. We have to ask what is actually  necessary for our national security and what is part of an outrageously  bloated budget  [[Page H5556]]  that lines the pockets of defense contractors.   So this amendment is an important step in accountability for the  Pentagon spending. It is necessary for the department that cannot pass  an audit. The American people deserve to know what their tax dollars  are being spent on and not take it on blind faith that every dollar  that is given to the Pentagon is a dollar that is protecting their  safety.   It is especially true for our overseas operations. We send our men  and women in uniform abroad and they are separated from their families  not just to win in wars but to man the bases we maintain in places like  Germany, Japan, and Honduras. We need to be asking them to do that for  a reason. This is why my amendment requires the Pentagon to justify  national security benefits of overseas operations.   So I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment and  making sure that we have an accountability in how we spend our taxpayer  dollars.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Smith), the distinguished chair.    Madam Chair, I agree with my colleague: It is our  responsibility to have oversight. That is simply what this amendment  does. It makes sure that we have an understanding of what our money is  being spent on and the benefits that that money will get us.   We have to have a clear understanding of what the purposes are of the  over 800 different military bases we have around the world and how much  money it is costing us to continue to operate them. That is simply what  we are asking for. That is what the American people want to know, and  that is the kind of responsibility we shouldn't abdicate.    So I want to make sure that we have a report that clearly lays out  the kind of money that is being spent and the kind of benefits that we  are getting for it.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   