 Mr. President, the Colorado River is the lifeblood of  the Southwestern United States. The river provides drinking water to 40  million Americans, irrigation to 5.5 million acres of farmland, and  more than 4,000 megawatts of carbon-free hydropower to communities  across the West in seven States.   Unfortunately, the last 19 years have been the Colorado Basin's  driest on record. This long and intense drought has left the combined  water stored behind Lake Powell and Lake Mead near critically low  levels, putting the water supply for some of the Nation's largest  cities in danger.   The Colorado River Drought Contingency Plan--otherwise known as the  DCP--was negotiated among the seven Colorado River Basin States to  respond to this prolonged drought. It is designed to protect Lakes Mead  and Powell from reaching certain critical water elevations that would  trigger severe water supply and hydropower impacts, including the risk  of reaching crisis levels where operational control of the Colorado  River system would be lost.   These States put in a lot of hard work and sacrifice for the good of  all who rely on the river. By doing this, they avoided having the  Department of Interior directing draconian measures and cuts from the  Federal Government. But the plan must be codified in law. It literally  takes an act of Congress to approve the DCP, and it is urgent. That is  why I am on the floor today.   I am proud of the bipartisan nature of this legislation. As the Water  and Power Subcommittee chair, I am leading this legislation with my  Democratic ranking member from Nevada, Senator Cortez Masto. We have  all 14 Senators from all 7 States--8 Democrats and 6 Republicans  spanning a wide ideological spectrum--as original cosponsors. This bill  is about an impending water crisis impacting Western States like  Arizona. The effort to get this bill to this point is an example of  bipartisanship that Arizonans and Americans are calling for. This is  about the livelihood and the safety of 40 million Americans.   The Colorado River DCP Authorization Act puts sound water policy over  partisan politics. People thought that never happened in Washington,  DC. Today, they should be celebrating about this bill. I ask all my  colleagues to join the 14 bipartisan Senators from the Colorado River  Basin and support this bill.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 1057. I  further ask consent that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I would gladly modify my request. It  seems that our House colleagues--again, both sides of the aisle--will  be passing an identical version of our bill tonight. As we talked  about, this is urgent. It is urgent for Arizona. It is urgent for all  the seven States that rely on the Colorado River. So the fastest way we  can get this legislation to the President's desk is what I support. I  support this modification.    Mr. President, I want to thank you, and I want to thank  Senator Cortez Masto and all of our colleagues for supporting this  critical legislation. It is now going to allow immediate action to  increase the water security for Arizona and all of the seven Colorado  River Basin States.   We just introduced this legislation last Tuesday. By acting so  quickly, the Lower Basin States will be able to immediately begin  saving hundreds of thousands of acre-feet of water behind Hoover Dam,  and this will dramatically reduce the risk of reaching critically low  reservoir levels and ensure that Mexico's water contribution to Lake  Mead will be made beginning next year.   We worked hand in hand with Chairman Grijalva to develop this  legislation. As I said, we have identical bills passing now in the  House and the Senate on the same day. I want to thank our House  colleagues, Chairman Grijalva, Ranking Member Bishop, and I want to  thank all the staff on both sides of the House and the Senate. This  bipartisan, bicameral effort only came into fruition because of their  hard work over these last years and days to make this happen. Thanks  again to everybody.   This is a really great day for the Colorado River Basin and for  Arizonans.   I yield the floor.   