 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  5430, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement Implementation Act.  This legislation ratifies the USMCA, an update to the North American  Free Trade Agreement agreed to by the governments of the United States,  Canada and Mexico last year.   Over the past year, House Democrats have made the USMCA a better deal  for the American people. New provisions in this trade agreement improve  the original language by strengthening provisions related to labor and  the environment. Most importantly, House Democrats fought hard to  ensure Congress kept its authority to address the rising costs of  prescription drugs by stripping out a giveaway to the pharmaceutical  industry that would have locked in high prices for biologics across  North America.   As the dean of the Texas Congressional Delegation, I know how  important trade is to my state. This is an issue that unites Democrats  and Republicans across Texas. Whenever trade is brought up, everyone  pays attention because it's one of the drivers of our economy. In North  Texas, Canada is one of our largest trading partners, and many goods  that are transferred between the three countries in this agreement make  their way through North Texas either on our highways, through the DFW  International Airport, or through the Union Pacific Dallas  International Terminal Inland Port in my district. While the energy  sector created jobs and built the economy in North Texas, NAFTA and  other trade agreements have only made our economy stronger.   Last year, I invited Ambassador Lighthizer to speak to the Texas  Congressional Delegation about the USMCA and the profound impact it  would have on our state. Ambassador Lighthizer and his staff at the  office of the United States Trade Representative held similar meetings  with other congressional delegations and working groups so that they  could  [[Page H12269]]  understand all points of view on this agreement. Their willingness to  work tirelessly alongside House Democrats to make this agreement a  better deal for the American people deserves recognition.   Mr. Speaker, trade policy shouldn't be an issue that divides the  members of this chamber on partisan or regional lines. We see here  today what can be done when both sides come together to advance the  causes of American workers, farmers and consumers. I strongly urge my  colleagues to vote for this bill.   