 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Bishop of Georgia, our future  chair, for yielding me the time. I rise in support of H.R. 265, the  fiscal year 2019 Agriculture appropriations bill.   There is no reason we cannot pass these individual appropriations  bills that have nothing to do with border security and have strong  bipartisan support.   The fiscal year 2019 Agriculture appropriations bill includes robust  funding for the USDA and the FDA, two Federal agencies that touch the  lives of every American.   President Trump's obsession with the wall should not jeopardize  Americans' access to important food, housing, and farm programs at USDA  and FDA.   The shutdown is having real impacts back in my home State of Maine:  for the farmer who would lose their family farm before refinancing of  their FSA mortgage can be approved; for the single parent trying to  make ends meet and not knowing whether their SNAP benefits will be  there next month; and for the couple who won't be able to close on  their dream home because they can't access a rural housing loan.   These are just a few examples of how disruptive this shutdown has  been in my district. Just last month we finalized the 2018 farm bill,  finally giving farmers and families certainty about these important  USDA programs. That certainty was ripped away from them because the  USDA can't start implementing the new farm bill until the shutdown  ends.   Additionally, recent reports that the FDA is no longer conducting  routine food safety inspections are alarming and totally unacceptable.  The fiscal year 2019 Agriculture appropriations bill will provide the  funding necessary for the USDA and FDA to once again fulfill their  regulatory duties and provide resources to Americans who are counting  on them.   Let's reopen our local USDA offices. Let's restart routine  inspections to ensure safety of our food system, and let's keep  nutrition assistance programs going to make sure hungry families have  food on their tables.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the fiscal year 2019  Agriculture appropriations bill and end the shutdown.   