 Madam President, during this Valentines Day week, folks  around the country are taking a moment to express their love to one  another. I have the great fortune to be the junior Senator from the  great State of Iowa, so I wanted to take a moment to share just how  much I love my home State of Iowa.   Iowa truly is where my heart is, from its beautiful farmland to its  streams and rolling hills, Boyden to Brandon, Fairview, Farragut, and  Fort Madison, and Keokuk to Rock Rapids and all the places in between.  Iowa has been so very good to me, and it has so much to offer. Nothing  is better to me than grabbing a slice of our hometown Casey's pizza and  catching a sunset on a beautiful Iowa day or on a snowy cold one if you  happen to be there right now. I could spend hours mentioning the things  I love about Iowa, but I wanted to take the time to mention just a few.   I love how Iowans are politically engaged. There is a reason why the  Iowa caucuses are the heartbeat of America's political scene and why  politicians line up to eat corn dogs, fried  [[Page S1187]]  Oreos, and hot beef sundaes at our impressive Iowa State Fair. Iowans  voice their opinions, they show up to vote, and they hold us  accountable. I appreciate that spirit and that patriotism.   Interacting with fellow Iowans is one of my favorite parts of the 99- county tour that I do every year. I visit every single county, every  last one of Iowa's 99.   I also want to show love to Iowa's working parents. Moms and dads  across Iowa are working hard every single day to make ends meet, put  food on their tables, and provide their families with a bright future.  The love of their children drives them, and they are doing a great job.  Their drive to succeed pushes me to look for tools to help them better  achieve their goals. One area is the issue of paid leave. It is an  issue that is very important to me because data shows that newborns who  have the time to bond with their parents have better health outcomes.  As a conservative, I want to see an approach that is voluntary and  budget neutral and that preserves jobs and is a win-win not only for  the economy but also employees. I think those policy solutions are out  there. I do. I have been working with my colleague Senator Mike Lee on  this, and we will be vocalizing these initiatives in the coming days.   I love, love, love Iowa's small towns and our rural communities.  Folks in Iowa's small towns, like my hometown of Red Oak--we stick  together. We watch out for each other, and we help each other out when  tragedy strikes.   I am reminded of a time many years ago when a farmer in one of our  local communities was injured when he was out ranching with his cattle.  He had row crops that needed to be brought in for the harvest. He was  so severely injured, he later succumbed to those injuries, and his  widow was left with a standing crop. It only took one phone call to the  local radio station to mobilize tractors, wagons, and combines to bring  in the harvest for that family. One phone call made a difference. These  small towns and small communities rely on each other. They don't rely  on the Federal Government to come in and solve their problems. We take  care of each other.   Our rural communities are home to thousands of amazing and thriving  small businesses, our churches giving hope to the world, baseball  fields filled with youngsters hoping to hit a home run, families  hunting and fishing together, sometimes three generations all at once,  motorcycles on long winding roads, and the local post office not only  knowing where you live but your name and your kids' names too. These  small towns are why I have spent a great deal of time in Washington  working to keep government accountable, decrease job-killing  regulations, and ensure that small businesses keep rumbling. Rural  communities truly are the heart of this Nation and my great State of  Iowa.   I also love Iowa's veterans. As a veteran myself, I know how  difficult it can be to navigate the bureaucracy and other hurdles of  the VA system. Unfortunately, we haven't always given our veterans the  best care we could, and it has been my mission to change that.   Speaking of mission, late last year we passed the VA MISSION Act to  help put veterans in the driving seat when it comes to their own care.  We still have more to do in that area, particularly in terms of helping  those with PTSD and other mental health concerns and reducing suicide  rates and veteran homelessness. These folks have sacrificed so much for  our country. We owe them a debt of gratitude, and we owe it to them to  ensure they are receiving the highest possible care.   As I mentioned, I could go on for hours talking about the things I  love about Iowa. I only had a few minutes with you today on the floor,  but I wanted to express my gratitude to such a great State.    Thank you, Iowans, for truly being the best people on Earth to  represent and to Iowa for being the greatest place to call home. My  heart is with you.   Happy Valentine's Day.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   