 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 432, a  very important resolution that condemns the attacks on peaceful  protesters and supports an immediate, peaceful transition to a  civilian-led democratic government in Sudan.   I am so incredibly inspired by the people of Sudan who organized  peacefully and adhered consistently to a nonviolent strategy of protest  in order to achieve a democratic future for their country.   I especially want to call attention to the Sudanese women, who played  an outsized role in holding strong in the face of violence, danger, and  even death. In the words of Andrew Gilmour, the Assistant Secretary- General for human rights at OHCHR:   What the world has seen in the past month and still now will go down  in history as the greatest mass nonviolent movement of our generation.   Because of this nonviolent people's movement that refused to accept  no for an answer, even in the face of brutal and barbaric violence from  government-linked militias, the people of Sudan have achieved a real  opportunity for peace. Just last week, civilian leaders and the  Transitional Military Council reached an agreement where they will  share power to pursue a democratic future.   In order for that peaceful transition to work, there must also be  justice for those who were killed in the June 3 massacre through an  independent investigation with real consequences for the perpetrators,  along with true civilian oversight of the security forces.   I am heartbroken for every life that was lost, but I am also deeply  hopeful because we have seen the shining light of courage, resilience,  and commitment to nonviolent resistance movements and to the  possibilities they bring for lasting peace. The United States must  stand with the people of Sudan and do everything in our power to help  achieve that peace and stability.   And, finally, Mr. Speaker, I just want to recognize a very important  person in my home State of Washington, Mubarak Elamin, who has been  with me on this issue of Sudan, his birth country, in making sure that  we have all the information we need.   