 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Con. Res. 24, which expresses the  sense of Congress that the report of Special Counsel Robert Mueller  should be available to the public and to Congress.   Special Counsel Mueller has been appointed to ensure a full and  thorough investigation of the Russian Government's efforts to interfere  in the 2016 Presidential election and to examine any links and/or  coordination between the Russian Government and individuals associated  with the campaign of President Donald Trump.   He has also been appointed with the authority to investigate and  prosecute Federal crimes committed in the course of and with the intent  to interfere with the investigation, including perjury, obstruction of  justice, destruction of evidence, and intimidation of witnesses.   The gravity and magnitude of this investigation, given that it goes  straight to the heart of our democracy and involves the President of  the United States, requires the public release of the special counsel's  findings.   This is an investigation that affects each and every American,  whether it implicates or exonerates the President. Therefore, it must  be brought to light so that the American people can see for themselves  the findings and determinations made by an objective, impartial  investigator who has a reputation for integrity.   In addition, the report will provide valuable insight and information  for the important investigations being undertaken in the House,  including the  [[Page H2725]]  investigation being conducted by the Committee on Financial Services on  money laundering and the President's finances.   Special Counsel Mueller has been appropriately deliberate and  discreet in conducting this investigation. It is clear from the manner  in which the special counsel has approached this investigation that he  has taken it seriously and has not conducted what President Trump  refers to as a ``witch hunt.''   So far, the special counsel's investigation has resulted in 199  criminal charges, 37 indictments or guilty pleas, and five prison  sentences.   Whatever his prosecutorial decisions may be going forward, it is in  the public's interest to be given full transparency into those  decisions and the explanations behind them.   