 Mr. President, there is something we can do in Congress  today, right now, right this very minute, that would lift a burden and  provide peace of mind for millions of people across this great country.   As we all busy ourselves making holiday plans, Iowa's farmers and  manufacturers are struggling to confidently look to the future. Many of  the tools they need to feel confident and secure in the months ahead  are laid out in the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement. The USMCA  trade agreement was signed by President Trump 369 days ago--369 days  ago. That is over 1 year ago.    Speaker Pelosi and her House colleagues have had more than enough  time to pass this important agreement. Yet they have failed to do so.  Instead, House Democrats are fixated on impeaching the President. Let's  not forget, though, when the House Democrats decided to go down this  impeachment path, the American people were guaranteed that the House  Democrats would be able to walk and chew gum at the same time. They  promised that they could process this impeachment inquiry while  continuing to do the work of the people. Well, folks, there is not much  walking and chewing gum going on. Instead, that gum seems to be stuck  under some park bench somewhere. That is where we are today, while  millions of Americans whose livelihoods are tied to trade wait for the  Democrats to get serious.   It is really unthinkable that USMCA is not already ratified by the  United States. Folks, the USMCA is written. It is signed. It is agreed  to by our partners. All we have to do is vote to pass it. It really is  that simple. As I mentioned, it has been over 1 year since the trade  agreement was signed. That means Iowa farmers have now gone through an  entire cycle of planting, harvesting, and selling their crops without a  finalized trade agreement with our two biggest trade partners. Yes,  they are our two biggest trade partners--Mexico and Canada.   I spent all year crisscrossing Iowa to visit all of my 99 counties. I  do that every year, just as Senator Grassley does, and not once did I  hear someone say: Hey, Senator Ernst, let's wait on the USMCA.   It was quite the opposite. Whether I was at one of my 35 townhalls  that I held just last year or during a farmer roundtable or a visit to  a small manufacturer, I heard consistently and across the board that  Iowans want USMCA right now. They want it now. These hard-working folks  know the impact the USMCA will have on our Iowa economy and the U.S.  economy as a whole. There is no reason Iowans should have to wait any  longer. There is no reason the American workers shouldn't have the  certainty that they need.   My House colleagues have not been able to offer any reasonable  explanation for their inaction. I beg to say, though, folks, that it is  because of who sits in the White House, and it would be a sad reality  that, once again, Democrats would choose to put their own politics  ahead of what is best for the American people. The USMCA is not  partisan. It is not about President Trump. It is about what is best for  hard-working Iowans. It is what is best for the American people.   The work has been done for Congress. The trade agreement has been  written. All we have to do is say yes for the American people. That is  it. It is so simple. Let's get serious. Let's do the simple task that  folks back home are asking us to do, and that is to pass the USMCA.   I yield the floor.   