 Madam President, there are just 21 days left in 2019. With  the days dwindling, Congress has made little progress on its to-do list  that without question must be addressed before going home for the  holidays. This is largely due to the distractions and delays caused by  the Democrats in this body and especially by those across the Capitol.   Let's take the United States-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. President  Trump signed it over 1 year ago. If approved, USMCA would create  176,000 new jobs by expanding access to markets and providing much  needed certainty for American businesses and farmers. Literally,  everyone benefits. Yet here we are still waiting for the House  Democrats to bring it up for a vote--a vote that would be broadly  bipartisan.   Speaker Pelosi even admitted today that there is no question that  USMCA is much better than NAFTA. I am hopeful the House will finally  vote on the measure next week before leaving town. This would be a  great Christmas gift for American workers, farmers, and businesses.   But it is not just on trade deals. We are now over 2 months into the  new Federal fiscal year. Yet Congress still has not approved the annual  funding bills for this fiscal year. These bills will actually fund the  government. Yet Democrats are stalling and throwing up roadblocks at  every turn. They are failing to support our servicemembers, including  providing them with the largest pay raise in a decade.   Just recently, I was on the ground in Kuwait and Afghanistan to meet  with our U.S. troops, including Iowans of the Des Moines-based 103rd  Sustainment Command. These servicemembers are relying on Congress to do  their job so that our military men and women can carry out their job of  protecting our homeland. As a former company commander in Kuwait, I  realize just how vital resources are to our troops.   Let's not forget that Democrats agreed to a framework months ago on  all of these bills. Yet they have repeatedly blocked consideration of  these bills.   Similarly, the authorization for the Violence Against Women Act--a  law that is deeply personal to me--expired a year ago and remains in  limbo. For months, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee and I  worked to develop a bipartisan bill to renew the law, which provides  desperately needed resources to prevent domestic and sexual abuse and  care for our survivors. We were making real progress, but all of a  sudden, Senate Democrats walked away from the progress we made in an  apparent attempt to make violence against women an election issue.   Folks, we cannot allow our political differences to keep us from  performing our most basic constitutional duties: to provide for the  common defense, fund the operations of the Federal Government, and  support women and children across this country facing sexual and  domestic abuse. I plan on continuing to work with Senator Feinstein  without regard to the political winds because we have to stop playing  politics with women's lives and our Nation's defense.   At a time when Democrats and Republicans in Washington can't find  many areas of agreement, these are all issues on which we should and  absolutely can find common ground. I implore my Democratic colleagues  to end the obstruction and delay. Work with us to fund the government  and support our servicemembers. Pass the USMCA and provide resources  for my fellow survivors of domestic and sexual abuse. The American  people are counting on us.   I yield the floor.   