 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan  legislation, the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing  Innovation Act. I've worked on this legislation with my partner  Representative Susan Brooks for almost a year and it reflects months of  negotiations and compromise reached by the House and Senate. This bill  also includes important updates to the Over-the-Counter Monograph  program at the Food and Drug Administration. I am proud to reintroduce  this bill in the 116th Congress and pleased the House is taking it up  so quickly.   The Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation  Act we're considering today is critical to our national security. The  legislation updates the original Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness  Act I authored with then-Representativelichard Burr in 2006, by  directing federal agencies to respond to new and emerging threats, and  strengthen our nation's existing preparedness and response programs.  This legislation reauthorizes critical programs that ensure our nation  is prepared to respond to naturally occurring and manmade disasters.  These threats are real and our country must be prepared to adequately  respond to them. This reauthorization meets the challenges that we face  today and those we anticipate facing in the future. The policies in  this bill are almost identical to those passed under suspension by the  House in September 2018 with small changes made at the request of the  Senate. The House passed an identical bill at the end of the 115th  Congress by a vote of 367 to 9.   This bill also includes overdue updates to the Over-the-Counter  Monograph program which will streamline the process by which over-the- counter products are regulated and approved by FDA and will improve  patient safety. It establishes a new user fee program that will enable  FDA to act faster to address safety issues associated with over-the- counter drugs and bring innovative over-the-counter drugs to market.   It's imperative that after the House passes this legislation today  that the Senate take it up quickly and send it to the President's desk  as soon as possible. PAHPA expired on September 30th and reauthorizing  these programs is critical to our national security.   I'm proud of this legislation and I urge my colleagues to support the  Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act.   