 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the motion to  recommit with all of my heart.    Mr. Speaker, I can't believe that we are  standing here and having a man tell me what kind of protection I need  in sports. This is fear-mongering about trans women playing in sports.  Are you kidding me?   I don't know if my colleagues on the other side of the aisle realize  that they have met trans people, but they have. They definitely have. I  have met many, and this motion reflects nothing more than the prejudice  of my colleagues.   My staff has put together a lot of talking points for you today, but  it is much simpler than that. The Equality Act ensures that LGBTQ women  and girls who are lesbian, bisexual, or transgender will all have the  same opportunities as their peers in sports, in housing, and in jobs.   The discrimination that trans individuals face just trying to live  their lives every single day is something beyond what most of us could  ever imagine.   Through my work and the issue of homelessness, I saw trans women  disproportionately affected by discrimination at every single stage of  their lives. They have higher rates of poverty, higher rates of sexual  abuse, higher rates of homelessness.    And I can tell you, no trans person is trying to game the system to  participate in sports. That does not happen, and that is a sad scare  tactic that has no place on the floor of the people's House.   State schools and athletic organizations across the country have  found for many years that letting LGBTQ student athletes, including  girls and women who are transgender, participate in sports does not  harm women's and girls' sports in any way.   As an athlete, athletic success is based on so many factors, like  individual ability and strength, and those abilities vary widely for  people who aren't even trans. It has nothing to do with whether someone  is transgender or not. In fact, major advocates for women and girls in  sports, such as the National Women's Law Center, the Women's Sports  Foundation, Women's Leaders in College Sports, and others, support  trans-inclusive policies and oppose efforts to exclude transgender  people from participating in sports.   This is not a new concept. Trans people have participated in sports  for years. Stop the fear-mongering. This is 2019, and we are not afraid  of the boogieman that you are trying to create. We are ready to move  forward and tell all of our constituents, all of our communities, all  Americans that they matter equally.   You, my colleagues, are on the wrong side of history, and we will be  waiting for you on the other side when we reject this amendment and  pass H.R. 5.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr.  Pappas).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my  time.   