 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, just over a year ago, President Trump  signed into law the most comprehensive and sweeping opioid response  package in the Nation's history, a piece of legislation that passed  this body with overwhelming bipartisan support--a rarity in gridlocked  Washington. The reason we came together was simple: Opioid abuse is  tearing apart families, straining our law enforcement and emergency  services, and engulfing our communities. Young mothers with precious  babies and young people in the prime of their lives are focused on  fentanyl rather than finding their path toward success.   This crippling epidemic has touched the lives of Iowans from all  walks of life and from all areas of our State. We have seen the  harrowing statistics and the ongoing struggles that many of our loved  ones face. In Iowa, we also struggle with an ongoing meth epidemic that  further threatens our communities. In just one of many statistics, the  number of children put into foster  [[Page S6275]]  care in the United States due to parental drug use nearly doubled from  2000 to 2017.   I have heard so many heartbreaking stories from families who have a  loved one battling addiction.   A mom from Polk County shared with me her son's 7-year battle with  addiction and how the vicious disease affects all levels of society,  including our friends, our neighbors, and in her case, her family. She  concluded by pleading with Congress to act to end, in her words, ``this  horrific situation and serious threat to our nation's future.''  Families like this are desperate for their loved ones to reach recovery  and good health before their story ends in tragedy. As is sometimes  quoted, ``Addiction is a family disease. One person may use, but the  whole family suffers.''   It is these heartbreaking stories that propelled me and my colleagues  to take action. This bipartisan package named the ``SUPPORT Act''  expanded treatment and recovery options for opioid addiction, created  new tools for prevention and enforcement, supported safe disposal of  opioids, strengthened first responders' training, and provided for the  safe disposal of unused drugs. It has produced real results for Iowans  and for folks all across the country.   Just last week, I had the chance to join the First Lady of the United  States, Melania Trump, Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex  Azar, and a number of other administration officials to discuss the  progress made on opioid abuse, including efforts to reduce the number  of women using opioids during pregnancy.   This President and this Republican-led Senate are tackling the opioid  crisis in a meaningful and thoughtful way, and I couldn't be prouder to  be associated with this work. In Iowa alone, for instance, we have seen  the number of deaths from opioids decrease by 19 percent. In September,  the administration announced $932 million in awards for State opioid  response grant funding, including over $11 million for Iowa.   This past Saturday, Iowans from across the State participated in  another National Take Back Day to raise awareness and encourage the  safe disposal of unused prescription drugs. Earlier this year, in  April, when we had another Take Back Day, in my home State of Iowa, 88  law enforcement officers worked at 135 collection sites throughout the  State and collected 11,680 pounds of unused prescription drugs. More  than 135,255 pounds of unused drugs have been collected in Iowa since  the beginning of the drug take back program.   I am humbled to say that my bipartisan Access to Increased Drug  Disposal Act, which was part of the package we passed last year, led  directly to resources being awarded in Iowa for events like these.   We should be encouraged by the impact the SUPPORT Act, combined with  the Trump administration's efforts, have made in the lives of Iowans in  just 1 year.   As we continue in our fight, I feel hopeful and determined--hopeful  that we can help Americans rise above the chains of addiction and  determined all the more to keep making progress on behalf of families  across this country.   I yield the floor.   