 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleague from  Illinois, Senator Durbin, to discuss the work we are doing to protect  students and taxpayers from predatory higher education practices. I  want to thank Senator Durbin for his incredible and steadfast  leadership on this issue.   All hard-working students deserve the opportunity to receive a  quality education that will prepare them to compete in this 21st- century economy. Education is the cornerstone of expanding opportunity,  and it is vital that we ensure that more students have access to  quality, affordable higher education that will help them thrive.   Unfortunately, too often, hard-working students, including our  veterans and servicemembers, are taken advantage of by predatory for- profit colleges. We have seen this issue time and again.   Years ago, we witnessed the collapse of Corinthian Colleges, Inc.,  and ITT Tech. Recently, we saw the collapses of Education Corporation  of America, Vatterott College, and Dream Center Education Holdings.  Students attended these institutions with the hope of furthering their  education and building better lives for themselves and their families.   In reality, though, these companies were raking in billions of  taxpayer funds that enriched their executives and investors, all while  their students were receiving subpar degrees at high costs even though  they were often recruited with the promise of a good-paying job after  graduation. This has left tens of thousands of student borrowers with  huge amounts of debt that they will never be able to repay, credits or  degrees of little value, and few job prospects.   Unscrupulous actions by for-profit colleges have also widely impacted  our country's veterans who bravely fought in defense of our freedoms  and then, in turn, were taken advantage of by predatory, corrupt  schools.   Our current system has done little to stop these bad actors. Students  and taxpayers have been exploited in astounding ways and to an  outrageous degree. We need to do more to address and to stop these  predatory practices. That is why I was pleased and honored to join with  Senator Durbin last week to introduce the Preventing Risky Operations  from Threatening the Education and Career Trajectories of Students Act  of 2019, otherwise known as the PROTECT Students Act.   This legislation would implement a number of commonsense protections  to hold predatory institutions, including for-profit schools,  accountable when they engage in unfair, deceptive, and other fraudulent  practices.   To start, the PROTECT Students Act would safeguard our veterans and  servicemembers from predatory practices. It would close a loophole in  existing law that allows colleges to count GI benefits as non-Federal  dollars toward a required 10 percent of their revenues that must be  from a non-Federal source. This has led some predatory for-profit  schools to deliberately and aggressively recruit veterans and even  provide false information to them regarding their programs, including  the expected level of student debt and what kinds of jobs would be  available to the students once they graduate. By closing that loophole  through the PROTECT Act, we can eliminate the incentive for these  schools to prey on veterans and prevent veterans from going into  significant debt for a credential or degree of little practical or  economic value.   Next, this legislation would add a new review process for for-profit  institutions that seek to convert to nonprofit or public status-- something they have been doing as a strategy to escape key  accountability requirements.   Our bill would also take steps to ensure that career education  programs actually prepare students for good-paying jobs because if  students invest thousands of dollars in their education, they should be  able to find a job that will help them pay back their loans.   The PROTECT Students Act would also codify the 2014 gainful  employment regulation that helps prevent students from enrolling in  low-quality programs that charge more than what a student can  reasonably pay back after they graduate. This provision requires  improvement by schools whose students are found to have too much debt  compared to their earnings, and it cuts off Federal financial aid for  those schools that don't improve. The measure also has the obvious  benefit of preventing Federal taxpayer dollars from being wasted on  worthless programs.   The PROTECT Students Act would help student borrowers who have been  cheated or defrauded by predatory institutions, including for-profit  colleges, by improving the process for borrowers to have their loans  forgiven if the school they attend engages in fraud.   This legislation would increase consumer protections by banning the  practice of mandatory arbitration, which has limited students' ability  to seek legal action if they have been defrauded.   These are just some of the vital steps the PROTECT Students Act would  take. This bill would be a strong step forward for both students-- including veterans and servicemembers--and taxpayers.   We are at a time when the Department of Education, led by Secretary  Betsy DeVos, is doing everything in its power to undermine protections  for students on these issues. Secretary DeVos has done a disservice to  students by hiring into the Department officials who have close ties  with companies that have defrauded students. They then, unsurprisingly,  have supported her mission of rolling back student protections in favor  of predatory companies. Secretary DeVos has worked to gut key consumer  protections and weakened relief for students who were victims of fraud.  This is unacceptable. By supporting the PROTECT Students Act, Members  of the Senate can send a message to Secretary DeVos that we will not  stand for these actions.   I want to take a moment to thank my friend and colleague, Senator  Durbin, for his consistent leadership on this issue. For years, Senator  Durbin has been sounding the alarm about the dangers of for-profit  colleges, introducing legislation, and taking to the Senate floor and  bringing much needed attention to this matter. It is time that more of  our colleagues listen to his calls to stop these predatory institutions  from taking advantage of students all across the country.   Senator Durbin, thank you again for leading on this issue. I am  thrilled that we have been able to work together to introduce the  PROTECT Students Act, and I look forward to working with you to pass  this legislation as part of the reauthorization of the Higher Education  Act.   Thank you.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Illinois.   