 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Let me thank the gentleman from California and congratulate him on  his new distinguished post on the Rules Committee. My good friend who I  have seen quite frequently over the years at the Rules Committee and I  have known of his consistent concern with the rule of law and truly  appreciate his comments today as it relates to the rule of law.   I would like my comments to be strictly on that question and really  the American people of whom each and every one of us come here to  represent.   I don't want to recount in detail, but I do want to make mention that  we know that the Intelligence Committee in January 2017 concluded--and  that is the intelligence community concluded--in a report that Russian  President Putin ordered and influenced the campaign of 2016 on the  Presidential election. We all know recently there were attempts to  influence the 2018 election.   We won't dwell on that. We won't dwell on the fact that there are  discussions and review in the special counsel's work dealing with  collusion or the questions dealing with the campaign of the present  President and Russia.   I believe that the real point of this is to answer the questions of  the American people. If we say that the purpose of appointing the  special counsel to oversee the investigation is to ensure that the  American public would have full confidence in the integrity of the  investigation, regardless of what it says, I am here to say, regardless  of what the Mueller report will say--and we know that there will be  comments made by the general public, leaders of Congress, and that is  their right as Americans--we want to reinforce the fact that the DOJ  regulations themselves say that investigation results should be made  fully extended to the American public in the public interest, and that  the results of that report should be made available to the American  people.   Obviously, being concerned about persons that are mentioned with no  relevance whatsoever, as a lawyer, I would want to make sure such  protections occur. But it is true that Special Counsel Mueller  previously served in the Department of Justice as a prosecutor, and  director of the FBI in the Republican and Democrat administrations  where he built a reputation of competence, fairness, and  nonpartisanship.   With that in mind, we thank him for the work he has done that has  shown a number of guilty pleas and other responses.   But the main point is the American people need to know that their  government adheres to the rule of law, and the integrity of the  Constitution. All we are asking today is to reflect in a sense of  Congress that you, the American people, that my colleagues in this  House and the Senate should have the right to see the full report.   I ask for support of the underlying bill, and I ask us to do it in a  bipartisan way.   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committee on Judiciary, which  has oversight of the Department of Justice, and as a senior member of  the Committee on Homeland Security, which has oversight over our  election security infrastructure, I rise in strong support of H. Con.  Res. 24.   Mr. Speaker, I take no glee in standing here.   In fact, there are many parts of the last 22 months, since the day  that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI  Director Robert Mueller to be Special Counsel, where I have been  concerned for the state of our democracy.   And I know, from my travels back to the 18th Congressional District  of Texas, around our Nation, and to nations involved, that many  Americans are concerned about our democracy.   Since well before the 2016 election, Americans have been concerned  about how Russia was manipulating our election and the extent to which  that crime was aided and abetted by associates of the Trump Campaign.   American intelligence officials have been keenly aware of this threat  to the democracy posed by Russia's active measures campaign to sabotage  the election and secure the American presidency for its preferred  candidate, the current occupant of the Oval Office.   Shortly after the President took office, James Comey, the former  director of the FBI testified to the House Intelligence Committee in a  public congressional hearing that there was an active FBI investigation  into Russia's interference and the extent to which Russia and was aided  and abetted by agents of the Trump Campaign.   Shortly after the hearing, the President fired James Comey as FBI  Director and went on broadcast television and cited the looming Russia  investigation as his reason for doing so.   The next day in the Oval Office, the President of the United States  met with the Russian Ambassador and other officials from the Kremlin  and told them that he had gotten rid of ``nut job'' Comey and had  gotten the Russian investigation off his back.   Mere days later, the Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein  appointed legendary FBI Director and Department of Justice prosecutor  Robert Mueller as Special Counsel to investigate whether Russia  interfered in our election and whether that effort was aided and  abetted by members of the Trump Campaign.   Since that time, the investigation has secured numerous indictments,  convictions or guilty pleas from the: President's campaign manager, his  deputy campaign manager, his campaign's foreign policy advisor, his  former personal attorney, his longtime confidante, and many others,  including Russian agents.   The president has attempted to dismiss these crimes and other charges  brought--like obstruction of justice, perjury, making false statements,  etc.--as ``process crimes,'' when in actuality they are crimes designed  to safeguard the integrity of the criminal justice system and the rule  of law.   But these are merely the headlines, when we look closer at just what  we have learned from the Russia investigation, we have a roadmap on how  to manipulate the electoral process in the world's oldest democracy.   We know that the Russians manipulated our social media systems.   They did this by turning our social media platforms like Twitter and  Facebook, into rowdy and unwieldy debates that turned Americans against  one another.   They did this by creating fake online social media accounts and  populated them on social media platforms.   After infiltrating the social media accounts of real Americans, these  fake accounts sought to sow discord in these online communities by  purposely exacerbating divisions within our  [[Page H2696]]  Nation and creating new ones--all with the intent of pitting Americans  against one another.   While they were distorting the social media landscape, they were also  selectively disseminating emails stolen from the Democratic  National Committee and the campaign of Hillary Clinton with the purpose  of timing the dissemination to maximize political damage on Secretary  Clinton's campaign.    Based on the statements from the Trump Campaign, we also know that it  was actively trying to suppress the votes of groups traditionally  aligned with the Democratic party, including women, African Americans  and young voters.   We now know, due to information uncovered during the pendency of the  Special Counsel's investigation, Russians affiliated with the highest  ranks of the Kremlin were at Trump Tower during the middle of the 2016  election.   We know that then-candidate Trump asked Russia, ``Russia, if you're  releasing, I hope you will find Hillary's stolen emails.''   In May 2017, Special Counsel Mueller was appointed with the task of  getting to the bottom of this.   The American people deserve answers to know how their last  presidential election was a crime scene so that we may learn to ensure  that the next one is also not a crime scene.   And, the American people have every reason to have confidence in the  report produced by the Special Counsel.   The Special Counsel is a decorated American hero and public servant.  He has served as the FBI director for presidents of both parties.   He has served as a line prosecutor, a United States Attorney and a  leader within the Justice Department.   Despite protestations by the President, this is not a witch hunt--it  has yielded the public indictments of 34 individuals and 3 companies, 7  guilty pleas, and 1 conviction.   The American people are watching.   The most recent public opinion poll shows that a super majority of  Americans--a full 68 percent--wants the Mueller Report made public.   The Mueller Report is one unparalleled way in which Americans can  learn this information with confidence.   And, finally, we must tackle a serious issue that is being discussed  among elected officials and the Justice Department.   Over the past two years, we have been told that it is Justice  Department regulations that a sitting President cannot be indicted. I  will note that this principle has not been tested in court.   That regulation was implemented during the Watergate investigation,  under the theory that the President cannot be subjected to criminal  process.   But, assuming arguendo that this regulation is correct, and the  President cannot be subjected to criminal process and therefore cannot  and should not be indicted, it is a logical fallacy to say that because  he cannot be indicted by virtue of his office, and because it is  Justice Department regulation not to reveal information about  unindicted parties and individuals, the Justice Department cannot  reveal any information of potential wrongdoing by the President and not  reveal any information to the body that possesses the constitutional  responsibility for holding this president accountable.   For these reasons, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 24, and  urge my colleagues to support it and urge passage so the American  people can learn how the 2016 election became a crime scene.   