 Mr. President, I rise in strong opposition to tonight's  vote to advance S. 311. This legislation would reduce families' access  to reproductive healthcare, interfere in personal medical decisions  that should be left between families and doctors, and criminalize  doctors and health professionals.   Tonight's vote is part of a broader strategy by this administration  and some in Congress to take away women's access to reproductive  healthcare, including the constitutional right to an abortion affirmed  in Roe v. Wade.   For instance, the administration has already installed two Supreme  Court Justices who threaten Roe v. Wade, repeatedly tried to de-fund  Planned Parenthood and cut off family planning grants, and given  employers the green light to take away birth control coverage from  their employees. In the last Congress alone there were 14 anti-women's  health votes and 34 anti-women's health bills introduced.   Reproductive health choices are highly personal and deeply sensitive,  and they should be left between families and their doctor. S. 311 would  effectively overrule these personal decisions by imposing arbitrary  standards--based on political ideology, not medical appropriateness--on  health professionals.   This bill would effectively criminalize doctors and healthcare  clinicians for providing the best plan of care to their patients. It  would impose civil and criminal penalties including up to 5 years in  prison onto providers if they don't comply with the bill's mandates.  These mandates could scare medical professionals away from helping  women and families obtain reproductive care, including an abortion,  further reducing families' access to care.   More than 17 of the Nation's leading medical, public health, and  civil rights organizations oppose this bill. The American College of  Nurse-Midwives, the American College of Obstetricians  [[Page S1422]]  and Gynecologists, and the American Public Health Association state  that the bill ``. . . injects politicians into the patient-provider  relationship, disregarding providers' training and clinical judgement  and undermining their ability to determine the best course of action  with their patients.'' The American Civil Liberties Union states that  the bill ``. . . shows a callous disregard for patients in need of  compassionate, evidence-based care when they face difficult  decisions.''   The majority of Americans want more access to reproductive  healthcare, not less. More than 7 in 10 Americans do not want women to  lose access to safe, legal abortion. In 1991, a majority of voters in  the State of Washington passed the Washington Abortion Rights  Initiative, declaring that a woman has a right to an abortion.   S. 311 is another misguided attempt to reduce women and families'  access to reproductive healthcare. I strongly oppose S. 311 and urge my  colleagues to vote no.   