 Madam Speaker, we face a humanitarian crisis at our  southern border, and we face a crisis of care.   Six children have died in U.S. custody in the last 9 months. In the  10 previous years, not one child died. These lost, scared, and  vulnerable young people are so distraught in what the Miami Herald  called ``prison-like facilities'' that they are self-harming. It breaks  our heart, and it must steel our conviction for action tonight.   And we have been acting. In the 2020 Labor-HHS appropriations bill,  we strengthened protections for the unaccompanied children program.  These include funding legal services, blocking the administration's  memorandum of agreement that had HHS erroneously prioritizing  immigration enforcement over care for kids and scaring sponsors from  coming forward, and requiring the administration to abide by the  protections that are guaranteed under the standards of care under the  Flores Agreement.    That is what we have done. This is what we are doing now.   This emergency supplemental provides funding for the housing of  children. It implements protections for them. It enacts mechanisms to  ensure their safe and expeditious placement with sponsors.   We provide legal services, child advocates, post-release services,  additional Federal field specialists, and case management personnel to  identify potential family sponsors and to discharge children to them as  quickly as possible.   The emergency supplemental provides the full amount of $2.9 billion  requested by the administration--the full amount. These funds enable  the Department to expand its network of shelters to care for children.   So we do provide the funds. However, we do not provide a blank check,  because a blank check could be license to continue the abuses that we  uncovered.   All of us were shocked and outraged last year at the administration's  intentional family separation policy, adding to the number of children  that HHS had to care for and doing so with no plan to reunify these  families. The tragedy is some children will never be reunited with  their families, and that is on this administration's watch.   Along with these funds, this bill includes new and necessary  protections. They redirect HHS to its core mission, which is to be  caring for children, placing them in a safe environment with sponsors.   This bill gives priority to small and medium-scale State licensed  shelters wherever possible. And for the first time ever, it requires  currently exempt influx facilities to meet the minimum standards of  care required by the Flores settlement. If these grantees do not  comply, their contracts are revoked.   The bill limits the number of days children can spend at an influx  shelter. A temporary facility should not become a near-permanent way  station. The bill requires HHS to maintain the directives that have  been successfully accelerating the placement of children.   And, finally, the bill enhances transparency, provides adequate  safeguards against the misuse of funds. It prohibits funds from being  transferred outside of HHS. It does not give the Secretary discretion  to decide which Flores protections should apply to influx shelters. And  the bill requires HHS to report to the Congress within 24 hours if a  child dies in HHS custody.   Not one Member in this body would volunteer his or her child or  grandchild to be detained in these facilities. Not one of us would  choose to expose our youngsters to these conditions. So we must not  allow any children to continue to suffer, nor can we miss the  opportunity to help.    President Franklin Roosevelt once said, quoting the  poet, Dante: ``Divine justice weighs the sins of the cold-blooded and  the sins of the warmhearted in different scales. Better the occasional  faults of a government that lives in a spirit of charity than the  consistent omissions of a government frozen in the ice of its own  indifference.''   We are not indifferent. We should not be indifferent tonight. Do not  let us become frozen.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, let us pass this  emergency supplemental bill because the lives of children are at stake,  and we should not play fast and loose with those lives when we have the  power to do something, to make a difference, and to protect these  children and make sure they get to a safe haven and a safe landing.   