 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we are now 18 days into the Trump shutdown, and  America's small businesses are feeling the strain. Each day that this  political stunt continues, entrepreneurs lose out on nearly $90 million  in affordable capital through the Small Business Administration's 7(a)  lending program alone. That is 192 small firms per day going without  the resources they need to grow and create new jobs.   As chairwoman of the Small Business Committee, I am deeply concerned  that President Trump is holding America's small business sector hostage  as he demands funding for a cruel and ineffective border wall. Contrary  to the President's remarks, this shutdown isn't just hurting workers  who collect a paycheck in blue States; its impacts are being felt on  Main Street across this country.   For 3 weeks now, the SBA--the only Federal agency dedicated to our  Nation's entrepreneurs--has ceased its core operations. Make no mistake  about it: This puts hundreds of millions of dollars out of reach for  millions of small businesses who seek to utilize these services. For  small firms operating in the Federal marketplace, the shutdown could  cause them to sacrifice nearly 7,000 contracts worth over $300 million  each day.   Unfortunately, the consequences don't end there. For countless small  businesses--from those surrounding our national parks to small grocers  who accept SNAP--a lack of customers is leading to lost revenues, and  the bills are adding up.   Let us also not forget what happened to our economy after Republicans  shut down the government in 2013: small business hiring and consumer  confidence fell; the IRS was unable to provide taxpayer assistance; and  our economy lost billions because of disrupted government spending.   But what this shutdown really comes down to is a President who, time  and again, has sought to divide us by labeling immigrants as the enemy.  I am here to tell you that welcoming immigrants is not just a founding  principle of this Nation, it is good economic policy.    Immigrants are among America's most successful  entrepreneurs, starting about a quarter of all new businesses. And  Dreamers, whose future our President continues to jeopardize, start  businesses at rates higher than the overall public. Instead of talking  about building walls, let's put America's entrepreneurial sector back  to work.    