 Mr. President, having worn our great Nation's colors in  Operation Iraqi Freedom, veterans hold a special place in my heart.  Some of my favorite moments in Iowa are centered on honoring our  veterans and their families with the medals and the recognition they  have earned. Oftentimes, these humble heroes don't want to step forward  and receive the honor they are due.   Glenn McDole is a great example of this. Glenn served in World War II  and faced some very, very dark days, being only 1 of the 11, out of a  total of 150, who survived the Palawan massacre. Glenn was captured in  1941, and he came home to Iowa in 1945. It wasn't until the early 1980s  that he started speaking about his military experience.   When he returned home from the war, he didn't skip a beat in his  service. Glenn quickly joined the Iowa State Patrol and then the Polk  County Sheriff's Office. Glenn lived a very full life of service. Yet  his heroic actions in uniform would go unnoticed for so many years.   I am so grateful that his family got in touch with my office, and we  were able to track down the more than 13 medals that he should have  received for his service. Presenting the medals to his family earlier  this year in my office in Des Moines was truly a beautiful moment.   The medals presented to Glenn's family--and the number of other  veterans and families across Iowa who have received these well-deserved  recognitions--represent duty, honor, and sacrifice. It is the heroic  stories of these very veterans, like Glenn, that truly inspire me to  keep fighting for our veterans day in and day out.   As someone who commanded men and women overseas during Operation  Iraqi Freedom and then served as the battalion commander of the largest  battalion in the Iowa Army National Guard, I have a deep connection and  appreciation for our veterans.   Just this past weekend, as I was wrapping up my 99-county tour in  Iowa, I was able to spend some time with more of those Iowa veterans at  my veterans' resource fair. We were sharing stories about those hard  times. We were laughing about the good times. We talked about concerns  they have with the VA and making sure they are getting the quality of  care they have earned. We talked about the work we have done in the  Senate to improve their well-being.   In just the past few years, under the Trump administration, we have  been able to expand access to services through legislation like the VA  MISSION Act, a bipartisan bill that I proudly helped to get signed into  law. This important bill included a number of my priorities, like  allowing qualified VA health providers to practice telemedicine across  State lines and veterans to receive their care through telemedicine,  including vital mental healthcare treatment, and doing it from the  comfort of their own home.   President Trump just signed another one of my bills into law, the  HAVEN Act, which protects the economic security and well-being of  veterans and their families who rely on disability benefits and may be  experiencing financial hardship.   I continue to press the VA to take a hard look at their hiring  practices and to make sure the people treating and providing care to  our veterans have a record of quality care, specifically by introducing  the bipartisan Ensuring Quality Care for Our Veterans Act.   The legislation ensures that the VA is absolutely held accountable  for how they help care for their veterans, and I am continuing to press  them on that issue. We must work tirelessly to restore hope in the  institutions that have asked so much of our Nation's heroes, plain and  simple. Veterans must have reliable, quality mental and physical  healthcare. There is no other option.  [[Page S6423]]    Folks, as we take a moment to reflect on the work we have done and  continue to do in Congress on behalf of these men and women, we should  also pause, as we do every year on Veterans Day, to simply honor their  service and the sacrifices they have made for our country and for our  freedom.   Serving in the military provided me some of the best years, the best  friends, the best experiences, and the best memories of my life.   Each year, Veterans Day serves as a stark reminder of the daily  sacrifice made by those who have served this country bravely and  selflessly.   Veterans in Iowa and across our Nation, you have my support and my  deepest gratitude today and every day of the year.   When men and women sacrifice time with their families and give up  holidays, comfort, and their livelihoods to protect our Nation and  defend the freedoms we often take for granted, we must fulfill our  commitment to caring for them when they return home.   To all of my fellow veterans, may God bless you and keep you.   To their families, I thank you so much for standing behind your loved  ones in our country's time of need.   I yield the floor.   