 Mr. Chair, as the designee of the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes), I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the legislation before us today, the For the  People Act of 2019, represents a major step forward toward improving  government transparency and accountability, expanding voting rights,  and draining the corrosive influence of money in our politics.   These are the very issues I hear about over and over again as I  travel across my district in mid-Michigan, and these are the issues  that my constituents sent me to Washington to address.   Simply put, people in Michigan and across the country know in their  bones that the current system isn't working and want a return to  honesty and decency in our politics. Passing H.R. 1 is a huge step  forward in increasing confidence in our system.   Mr. Chair, my amendment today would add important provisions to close  a loophole in our current campaign finance laws that allows foreign  governments and foreign nationals to influence American elections  through campaign ads. Right now, a foreign entity can legally buy an ad  through social media that supports or attacks a candidate. Right now, a  foreign entity can legally purchase an ad that focuses on an issue of  legislative importance.   My amendment would close this loophole by implementing new  requirements to ensure that foreign governments don't influence our  elections.   The amendment specifically would prohibit a foreign entity from  buying a campaign ad, on digital media or on TV, that supports or  attacks a candidate or an ad that focuses on an issue that is meant to  divide us rather than unite us.   Mr. Chair, I am a former CIA officer, a former Pentagon official. I  have spent my life preventing homeland attacks and preserving the  democratic system that we all love. I am introducing this amendment  because the attempts by Russia to interfere in the 2016 elections  targeted vulnerable voters and took advantage of the lack of disclosure  in our laws. During the 2016 election in my home State of Michigan, we  were specifically targeted and witnessed disturbing evidence of Russian  interference in our elections.   It is important to remember what we are talking about. These ads,  which I have a bunch printed out over here, purposely divide us. They  sow discord. They target ethnic groups. And they generally attempt to  influence American elections.   Some may say that these ads were a relatively small number of the ads  in our elections and that it is a relatively meager investment. As  defenders of American interests and our national security, we must  ensure that our laws do not allow this to happen at any level.   I urge my colleagues to do the right thing: Support preservation of  the American democracy. Reject foreign influence in our elections.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to my colleague from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes).    Mr. Chair, I look forward to working across the aisle on  this important amendment. I think it is not a partisan issue. It is an  American issue. I look forward to talking with my Republican colleagues  about how we can break this thing off and turn it into law.    I yield to the gentlewoman from California.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the spirit of the gentleman from  Illinois and look forward to working with everyone.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   