 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are here this Monday afternoon to  continue debate on S. 47, which is our Natural Resources Management  Act, which we introduced just last month with Senator Cantwell. We have  been working on this bill with not only Senator Cantwell and Senator  Manchin but with the chairman and ranking member of the House Natural  Resources Committee. We did that last fall when the composition of that  committee on the House side was a little bit different and now in this  new year. We have been working forward with the commitment from our  respective leaderships to bring this measure to the floor early in this  Congress, and here we are.   I am very thankful and appreciative to Leader McConnell and Senator  Schumer for keeping their word to allow us a few days of debate on this  very important natural resources and lands package. We have a great  partnership going on in working with my new ranking member on the  committee, Senator Manchin, in working with his team in conjunction  with ours, and, again, in building on the great, great work that we  have had with my friend and colleague from the State of Washington,  Senator Cantwell, and her team. There have been so many who have really  come together in a very collaborative way and in a very dedicated way  to help make this happen.   I make mention of the contributions of a few Members on our side and  a few Members on the Democratic side who have really been engaged with  us throughout this process--Senator Gardner, Senator Daines, Senator  Wyden, Senator Heinrich--and of the dozens of Members who are on this  measure as cosponsors. We truly appreciate it.   We made some good progress last week. We reached agreement to enter  into debate on our bill. We considered two amendments. Both of those  amendments were tabled in order to preserve what we would refer to as  the spirit of the bicameral-bipartisan agreement. We anticipate one  more amendment to process today before we move to a cloture vote. I am  pleased that we are at this point as we near the end of the floor  debate on this measure, and I would like to spend just a few moments  this afternoon, if I may, speaking to the really extensive process that  has gone into this bill.   It is a substantive bill. There is no doubt about it. It is  substantive because of the many, many different, discrete, small  provisions that have been incorporated into it. Reaching this point has  been no small task. I mentioned last week the way that we handle many  of these lands matters before the U.S. Senate. It is an imperfect  process--that is certainly for sure--but so many of these issues are so  parochial that they just do not command the floor time that is  available here. Invariably, what we effort to do is to put together a  package of these measures. We really haven't seen a lands package  before the Congress that has been ready to move out or, actually, be  signed into law--that is, I guess, the best way to say it--since 2014.  So that is 5 years of really pent-up demand, if you will, to address  these matters.   So over the course of several years and multiple Congresses, both the  Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee and the House Natural  Resources Committee have held dozens of hearings and business meetings  to prepare the more than 100 bills we have now incorporated into S. 47.  So when you think about, again, the process that goes into it--this is  endless hours, countless hours of Member time, of staff time that go  into these meetings as we work on very local priorities and then  drafting the legislative text and refining it to make it right and  refining it yet again to make it right.   We have also worked for months on a bipartisan, bicameral basis to  truly negotiate every word in this bill, literally down to one-tenth of  a mile for a certain designation on a specific conveyance there, so  really taking a very sharp eye and a sharp pencil to all of the  provisions that are in here.   We have really worked to try to incorporate as many local, State, and  Member priorities as possible. The process these matters went through  in order to get where we are today--the regular order process in the  House, in the Senate, and in many cases, in both--is really quite  impressive. I mentioned some of the Member priorities last week.  Members have come to the floor. I indicated that we have included  provisions sponsored by at least 50 different Senators within this  bill. That number rises to about 90 Senators when we count the  cosponsorship of various Members. So, again, it was very collaborative  in terms of how we reached out to everyone to ensure their priorities  are heard.   We have heard a lot on the floor about the contributions contained  within the sportsmen's provision--something I have worked on with  Members over the course of years, with different partners on the other  side, whether it was Senator Tester or Senator Heinrich. It has been  three Congresses running that we have tried to advance a bipartisan  sportsmen's bill. So there are so many who are looking with great  interest into finally passing these sportsmen's provisions.   There is a provision in here that helps the folks in Tennessee. One  of Senator Alexander's priority projects is a special resource study  for the James K. Polk Presidential home in Columbia, TN. It was built  in 1916. It is the only surviving private residence of our 11th  President. What we do within this bill is we take that first step to  make a determination, to ask the question of whether this special place  should be designated as a national park unit at some point in the  future. So pretty parochial, pretty small, but it is important to those  in Columbia, TN.   I mentioned some of the Arizona provisions. Udall Park in Tucson, AZ,  is a priority for the Arizona delegation. This is one of those issues  where they have a pretty popular local community park in the city, and  there are all kinds of activities one would anticipate taking place in  a small park--baseball, swimming, farmers market. Up until just a  couple years ago, the city of Tucson was actually unaware that the  Federal Government even owned this local park. So what we do in this  bill is we clean up the ownership issue, which allows the city to move  forward with the day-to-day activities without facing these Federal  bureaucratic hurdles that happen back here. So when they want to do  something that would be good for that community, such as expanding a  farmers market or improving cell service on the softball fields, they  don't have to come to us to ask for permission--pretty common sense.   I mentioned some of the priorities coming out of the State of  Louisiana and a measure that Senator Cassidy has been working on, the  Lake Bistineau Land Title Stability Act. I shared the story of some  homeowners who had been on a parcel for 13 years, built their home,  wanted to sell, and then they found out they couldn't because they  didn't have clear title to their land due to an issue with the BLM  management survey. So we worked with BLM and the State of Louisiana-- all this bipartisan work--to clear up the title. Again, this is  something that you wouldn't think you would need an act of Congress to  do, but we do that.   Up in the State of Minnesota, we worked with their delegation to  modify the boundaries of the Voyageurs National Park.   In Georgia, we are expanding the Ocmulgee National Monument--this is  a prehistoric American Indian site--and we are doing this at the  request of the local communities and the Tribes. It has strong support  from the Creek Indian Tribe and the local community. It is a  designation that will help preserve the historic and cultural values of  the area as well provide economic benefit by giving greater  opportunities for visitors.   So these are some of the various priorities we have included in this  very  [[Page S1154]]  comprehensive package. These are not things that are going to make the  front page of the Washington Post or the New York Times. These are very  local. But I can pretty much guarantee that they will be on the front  page of the Ocmulgee--I still don't know if I am pronouncing that  correctly--within the Creek Indian Tribe. They are going to make sure  people know that this is something we have been working on for a long  period of time and that it has finally been addressed in Congress.   Working over the years to help address these priorities is very, very  important. We have received the support of not only so many colleagues  in the Senate and in the House, Republicans and Democrats, but we have  heard it from organizations and communities around the country. Some of  these names are pretty well known to us: Ducks Unlimited, the Boone and  Crockett Club, Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation, the National  Wildlife Federation, the U.S. Travel Association, the Nature  Conservancy.   That is just a few of the many that have weighed in. I want to give a  couple more examples of groups that have written in to share their  support.   The Southeast Tourism Society wrote that ``S. 47 has earned the  enthusiastic support of the travel and tourism industry.''    I mentioned last week that so many of the provisions contained in  this bill really help these little local economies or the broader  economies within the region, so you can see where the travel and  tourism industry would be appreciative.   The Outdoor Recreation Roundtable--this is a consortium made up of a  number of recreation associations--wrote that our bill should be passed  to ``guarantee American's great outdoors receive the attention and  resources they so richly deserve and to ensure the outdoor recreation  economy continues to grow.''   We are also hearing from communities that have been waiting for  congressional action to resolve longstanding Federal land management  issues. I mentioned the one in Louisiana. I also mentioned the  situation in Tucson, AZ. We did receive a letter from the mayor of  Tucson in support of our package because of the provision we have  included that he says ``will bring closure to a historic agreement made  between the city of Tucson and Bureau of Land Management at a popular  urban park in Tucson's northeast business and residential areas.'' That  mayor knows this is going to allow the local community to do some of  the more simple tasks, such as operating a farmers market, without  going through these bureaucratic hoops and hurdles.   Another provision in the bill will convey a parcel of land on the  shores of Lake Fannin to Fannin County in Texas. The county  commissioner shared that with the conveyance of this land, they will be  able to ``continue the process to restore, preserve, and protect the  historical significance and beauty this lake has to offer for years to  come.''   So, again, there is the encouragement we are getting from the  communities and from the organizations. I have certainly heard from a  lot of Alaskans who are very pleased about where we are with this lands  package.   We heard from Sheri Buretta. Sheri is the chair of Chugach Alaska  Corporation, and she wrote that ``Section 1113 of S. 47, while long  overdue from our perspective, provides a welcome and extremely helpful  mechanism for addressing serious inequities relative to our land  settlement.''   Again, the land settlement in Alaska is decades old, and we are still  attempting to address some of those inequities, and this legislation  allows us to do that.   David Fee, who is the coordinating scientist at the Alaska Volcano  Observatory, noted that ``current volcano monitoring capacity in the  United States is deficient, and we are unable to accurately forecast  and detect eruptions at an adequate level. . . . Passing and funding  [this measure will provide] for a safer and more resilient United  States.''   The benefits we provide for so many around the country--these are  just a few of the examples of the many communities and organizations  that support the passage of the bill. We have a full list of our  supporters that is available on the committee's website--it runs almost  7 pages long--that I am going to be submitting for the record--not only  that consolidated list but also the many, many letters of support we  have received. These folks--these individuals, these groups, these  communities--are writing in to make their support known because there  is good policy in this package. It is policy that fosters economic  development in rural America. It is policy that ensures that incredible  landscapes are conserved for future generations to enjoy. It is policy  that ensures access for sports men and women. It also allows for  greater access for some of our off-highway vehicles. It is policy that  enhances our volcano-monitoring systems. It empowers local water  managers to make decisions on how to conserve water and endangered  species.   I want to just kind of segue off of that because there hasn't been a  lot of discussion about the water provisions within this bill. I keep  referring to S. 47 as the lands package, but the truth is, it is not  just about land; it is about water as well, and it includes a number of  important western water provisions.   We improve water management by taking important steps to provide  greater local control over water resources and promote management that  balances the needs of water users with fish and wildlife protection. As  an example of this, we create a new Bureau of Reclamation title  transfer program. This is going to facilitate conveyance of water  facilities to the local agencies that have been managing them for  decades and in some cases longer than decades--almost over a century-- and that have fully repaid the government for the cost. So effectively  what we are talking about here is we are simplifying the process for  local utilities, States, and Tribes to pursue title transfers for  reclamation projects, not by requiring an act of Congress to do it. So  it is simplification. It is common sense. It is making things work. It  is a straightforward change in the law that will make a huge difference  for the entities in 17 of our Western States that manage water  projects, canals, and other water infrastructure that irrigate more  than 11 million acres of land--land that provides fresh fruits and  vegetables for millions of Americans every day.   In the bill, we also authorize individual title transfers to  California and Oklahoma. These provisions will greatly improve water  management and incentivize capital investment in water infrastructure  while conserving water resources and protecting public safety.   The reauthorization of the Upper Colorado and the San Juan River fish  recovery program and phase 3 of the Yakima Basin Water Enhancement  Project are both included in this bill. I think both of these are great  examples of how a collaborative approach to water challenges, rather  than litigation and conflict, results in solutions that benefit water  users and the environment. We have certainly heard from Senator  Cantwell on this as it relates to the Yakima Basin project and the very  collaborative effort that was involved with that. The Colorado River  project involves bringing four species of endangered fish back from the  brink of extinction while water development projects move forward.   There are other important water provisions that didn't make it into  the bill for various reasons. I think many of us were disappointed, it  is fair to say. It is clear to me that there is a lot more that we have  to do to address these major challenges with western management of  water and drought resilience. We have some issues to work through on  that, certainly not the least of which is the Colorado River drought  contingency plan. This involves an interstate agreement to keep Lake  Mead from dropping to critical levels. It has taken years of  negotiation with cities, Tribes, farmers, and elected officials.   I clearly understand that this is a time-sensitive issue. I had hoped  we might be able to finalize it for this package, but I am looking  forward to working with both Senator McSally, who is the new chairman  of the Water and Power Subcommittee of the Energy Committee, and  Senator Cortez Masto, who is the ranking member, so we can get this  over the finish line as quickly as we can.   We also need to complete our work to reauthorize the Bureau of  Reclamation's infrastructure funding programs  [[Page S1155]]  to better utilize Federal lands and water facilities for aquifer  recharge and eliminate duplication in the permitting of reclamation  pump storage projects.   We are making good strides on the water side with this measure as  well. I think it is important to remind folks that it is a lands  package; it addresses many of the issues related to water; it is a  sportsmen's package; and it is truly a conservation package as we look  to what we have included and incorporated as the permanent  authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   This is a good bill we have in front of us. We have been able to make  it even a little better through our substitute amendment. I do know  that we have many colleagues who, if we had more time, would say that  they have more amendments they would like to offer for the package. We  are not going to have the time or the ability to come to an agreement  to add them here, but it is not without a great deal of work that we  have gotten to this place. Again, the fact that we have been working  for years--literally, years--to put this together is demonstration of  our good faith to try to incorporate as much as we possibly can.   I do want to repeat, and I know Senator Manchin has, as well, that  this is not going to be our last chance to pass natural resources  legislation in this Congress. As soon as we get done here--hopefully,  no later than early tomorrow--we are going to be right back at work.  The Energy and Natural Resources Committee is going back to work,  holding hearings, moving lands legislation. This is our effort, what we  are dealing with right now, to clear the deck, and then move on to some  new issues. We will be back again to move many of the provisions that  perhaps weren't quite ready for this particular package.   Later this afternoon, we are going to vote on motions to end debate  on S. 47. I strongly, strongly encourage all Members to support that  motion and to allow us to take final steps to move this important  package with good, strong, robust bipartisan support, and send it over  to the House of Representatives so that we can finally get this enacted  into law.   I see my friend from Nebraska is here.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, just to speak very, very briefly to the  good Senator's amendment to amend the Antiquities Act to prohibit the  President from designating national monuments in Utah.   He and I have had some opportunity to speak to this issue, and I  certainly agree with him when it comes to the policy goals that he is  seeking to assert here. I clearly understand the frustration he has.   With the previous administration, I believe we have seen a real abuse  of authority--certainly an abuse of the spirit--of the Antiquities Act.  We saw that in Utah when millions of acres were locked up through  Executive designation. This was done despite some pretty robust local  opposition and objection.   This is a scenario that I know pretty well because, in my State, we  have a Federal landlord that owns about 63 percent of the State, 224  million acres. We have a provision in ANILCA that is a specific no-more  clause, prohibiting the withdrawal of more than 5,000 acres absent  congressional approval. The Obama administration circumvented that law.  They placed hundreds of thousands of additional acres off limits to  development.   What my colleague is seeking here, the ability to affirm or reject a  monument designation by the State of Utah, is something that, again, I  truly understand. I have supported legislation and introduction of  legislation to do just as he has done--maybe not specific to one State  but making sure that we truly do respect the spirit of the Antiquities  Act and making sure, when monuments and monument designations move  forward, that they are done with local support.   I am in a bit of a quandary here because what he is advocating for is  something that, again, I have been there with him on. But our dilemma,  if you will, is that we have a package before us of lands bills, of  water bills, of sportsmen's provisions, of conservation provisions that  we have been working to kind of--not kind of, but to build that level  of consensus.   This measure is one that has been identified by those with whom we  have been trying to work, not only here in this body but with the House  as well. They have identified this as one of those measures that would  bring down this effort. So we are in a position where, while I support  the goals the Senator is seeking to achieve, I don't see a path forward  for it in this Chamber at this time.   As I mentioned--as you have heard me say--we have some very important  provisions that we have been working on for a period of years. I want  to ensure those proceed. I don't want to see S. 47 fall. So I am going  to move to table the Lee amendment, but I want to once again commit to  the Senator from Utah that I will work with him, as the chairman of the  Energy Committee, to address these monument designations.   Given the vehicle that we have in front of us, I will move to table  and ask that colleagues join me in this tabling motion.   Mr. President, at this moment, I move to table the Lee amendment No.  187.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we be  allowed to proceed to table Lee amendment No. 187.    Mr. President, I move to table Lee amendment No. 187.   I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a  colloquy with my colleague from California, Senator Feinstein.   While I was pleased that we could reach agreement to include a  designation of the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta National Heritage Area  in the substitute amendment, I want to clarify what this designation  does and, perhaps more importantly, what it does not do.   The purpose of this designation, as with congressionally designated  National Heritage Areas in general, is to celebrate the region's  history and cultural heritage by promoting education, tourism,  recreation, and other historic values. It also creates the opportunity  for Federal participation in promoting these regional attributes.   In no way does this designation implicate or interfere with any water  facilities or operations associated with the Sacramento-San Joaquin  Delta. We are not creating new regulatory authority or modifying  existing regulatory authority, including those related to land or water  use, at any level of government.   Further, S. 47 includes protections to ensure that private property  will not be impacted by the designation, protections that apply to the  ownership and use of water rights both inside and outside of the  National Heritage Area's boundary.   I ask Senator Feinstein, you have championed this National Heritage  [[Page S1161]]  Area designation for quite some time. In her view, have I properly  characterized the intended effect of this designation?    I thank Senator Feinstein. As we have explained, the  purpose of this designation is straightforward and intended to promote  and celebrate the cultural heritage of the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta  region, without any broader implications on water or land management.    Senator Murphy's reading of the bill is correct.    Senator Murphy's reading of the bill is correct.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, at 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, February 12, all  postcloture time be considered expired on S. 47; that following the  disposition of any pending amendments, the substitute amendment, as  amended, if amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be  [[Page S1162]]  read a third time, and the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the  bill, as amended.    Mr. President, I appreciate the cooperation of the  body on the very substantive vote, and I look forward to tomorrow.   