 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for  his astute analysis and his service on the Rules Committee, and I thank  my good friend from Georgia for offering his recognition of the value  of our Federal workers.   Mr. Speaker, this morning, I started my day, first of all, with  supporting H.R. 21, and gathering with the leadership of the House and  Senate recognizing that Social Security must be strengthened. But truly  I joined in my long-term commitment for not only the survival of Social  Security, but the survival of our families and seniors--3 million  senior women living in poverty, 2 million senior men. These individuals  have worked. They may have been Federal employees.   I then joined my colleagues, House and Senate, on supporting pay  equity for women. And now I am on the floor dealing with a crucial  component of survival in this Nation.   I thank Mr. Connolly and the Oversight Committee for bringing this  bill. It is important, as I speak about the needs, to emphasize that we  can do nothing else but pass this bill, the Senate pass this bill, and  the President signs this bill.   For the idea of paycheck inequality, for example, that will be  debated later today, it is important to know that women working full- time still earn 80 percent on average for every dollar earned by men,  and women of color face the brunt of inequality, African-American women  61 cents on the dollar, Latinas earning 53 cents on the dollar, Native  Hawaiian and Pacific Islander women earning 62 percent with white non- Hispanic men.   So what are we doing today?   We are saying that the executive order squeezing Federal workers in  the middle of the shutdown by the President of the United States in an  executive order is null and void.   As I left for Washington talking to TSO officers who had worked and  worked and worked with no pay as essential workers, one quietly said to  me: Are we going to get our pay raise? Are you going to fight against  the executive order?   Mr. Speaker, I said to them: We sure will.   We want Democrats and Republicans.   But I said: We sure will.   So I rise today to support this legislation that deals with the  Federal Civilian Workforce Pay Raise Fairness Act of 2019. Texas has  over 270,000 Federal employees. I have 4,000 in my district. The cost  of the pay raise would be approximately $25 billion. President Trump's  tax reform bill costs over 10 times that amount.   It is important to note that this is a 2.6 percent pay raise for  Federal civilian workers and establishes pay parity between the  military and service workers.    Mr. Speaker, it is ridiculous to say that Federal  employees have been paid too much. They have been victims of attacks  of, What do these people do? There have been charges of waste, fraud,  and abuse. With the government shutdown we know what these workers do.  They take care of our parks, they keep them safe. They keep the  airways, the aviation industry, the aviation system in America and  around the world alive with the best air traffic controllers in the  world. They protect the airports with TSOs.   Mr. Speaker, I support enthusiastically the 2.6 percent increase.  Let's do it now. Let the President sign the bill.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 790, the  Federal Civilian Workforce Pay Raise Fairness Act of 2019.   On December 28, 2018, one week into the longest government shutdown  in history, President Trump added insult to injury by announcing that  all federal civilian workers would not receive a pay raise in 2019.   This action continues the years of menial pay raises that federal  employees have received.   Federal employees have endured pay freezes, hiring freezes, higher  pension contributions, and furloughs as a result of sequestration and  government shutdowns, including the longest shutdown in our nation's  history.   Texas has over 270,000 federal employees.   Almost 4,000 of those federal employees call my district, Texas 18,  home.   It is time that Congress act and shows its appreciation for these and  the almost 2 million other men and women who are federal employees and  the services they provide to our great nation.   Denying these federal workers a hard-earned raise is not the way to  balance the budget.   Providing these workers with a raise is not an unrealistic burden on  the federal budget.   The cost of a pay raise would be approximately $25 billion.   Trump's tax reform bill cost over 10 times this amount.   It is inappropriate for the President to use these civil servants as  a bargaining chip, and it is inappropriate to not recognize their hard  work and dedication through a much earned pay raise.   For too long, federal employees have been the victims of attacks  being told that ``good people don't go into government,'' that the  federal government is full of ``waste, fraud, and abuse.''   This is categorically false.   Federal employees have contributed nearly $200 billion to deficit  reduction and other government programs over the past several years.   These attacks on federal employees are in addition to the Republican  attacks on federal worker pay and benefits that have been happening for  years.   We need to help the morale of the federal workforce.   We need to make the federal government competitive with the private  sector so that highly qualified candidates are able to serve the  American people.   We need to retain the talent that we have.   It is time for Congress to show their support for the men and women  who work selflessly and tirelessly for our government with this modest  pay raise.   H.R. 790 would authorize a 2.6 percent pay raise for federal civilian  workers and established pay parity between them and military service  members for 2019, a longstanding Congressional tradition.   Federal workers who would receive this pay raise are employees in the  competitive and excepted services; prevailing wage or blue collar  workers; members of the career Senior Executive Service; and employees  in the scientific and senior level positions.   This modest pay increase, between $488.41-$4,041.54 a year, would  help offset the cost of inflation and to make up for years of freezes  and negligible increases.   I am a strong supporter of the men and women who make up the federal  civilian workforce, and I ask my colleagues to show their support to  these integral federal employees by joining me in supporting H.R. 790.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the managers of the resolution,  both of them, the gentleman from Missouri and the gentleman from North  Carolina.   I thank Ms. Wexton and Mr. Connolly for capturing the essence of what  this legislation is all about. It is not contentious. We don't intend  to divide this House. We intend to unify this House.   But I think as we speak to our colleagues and the American people, it  is clear that the opening sentence says that this body believes that  shutdowns are detrimental to the Nation. That is a word that I think  all of us can join on.   And if we look at the desperation of our Federal workers, 800,000-- 270,000 in Texas, 4,000 in my district--you see the opening line: ``My  landlord is calling and I must pay.'' And the follow-up is: ``I have no  money.''   All that we are saying today is to affirm the value of our  constituents,  [[Page H1311]]  from the Coast Guard to FBI, to Customs and Border Protection,  Transportation Security, and Forest Service fighters who are on the  front lines.   To my good friend from Texas, I can't count the times I have been to  the border and seen barriers and fencing, but what I do know is, yes,  Sheila Jackson Lee has voted over and over for border security here,  years ago, and made the first crunch of dollars that dealt with  increasing Border Patrol when they were barely in existence by  providing laptops and providing the kind of vehicles that they needed  and worked with landowners who didn't want any kind of fence, stone or  otherwise, but to be able to give them the support.   Now we need smart border security, technology with drones, better  infrastructure, more ports of entry. Today, we hope that will happen,  because it will happen because appropriators are sitting down.   But can we reflect? This shutdown was in the midst of Christmas when  we had bills that Republicans and Democrats had signed onto that came  from the Senate. We could vote.   This is saying that whatever our policy differences are, you never  hold a Federal worker, a person who is serving his or her Nation,  hostage. You never make them desperate.   You never make them have to call a congressional office, ``I am about  to be evicted,'' as my constituent did. We never let them lose their  house. We never let them bring their children out of school, as some  had to do.   You never let them do as they are doing in my district right now,  going to get groceries. And you never let them hear the words: ``Go to  a bank. I don't know why they just can't walk into a bank.'' Or someone  else says: ``It is okay. They are doing it for their Nation.''   That is what this is about. It is simply allowing us to tell a  reservist from the Middle East, Edith Banda, that she doesn't have to  sell her belongings because she doesn't have a job because she is a  Federal worker and she had been furloughed.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this resolution, and I  ask them to stand for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H. Res. 79, which  expresses the strong sense of Congress that government shutdowns are  detrimental to the nation and should never occur again.   I am pleased to be an original co-sponsor of this important  resolution that condemns the President's callous decision to shut down  the federal government for 35 days, furloughing 800,000 civil servants  and forcing nearly half that many to work without pay, and which costs  the economy more than $11 billion in lost productivity and economic  output.   The collateral damage caused by the Trump Shutdown was substantial,  long lasting, and unnecessary because it could have been avoided had  the President not reneged on his promise to sign the continuing  resolution passed by the Senate unanimously on December 19, 2018.   Because the President broke his promise, frontline federal employees,  including law enforcement and public safety personnel, worked without  pay from December 22 through January 25, 2019.   The way these federal workers, many of whom risk their lives in the  service of this country, were treated was shameful.   This included around 14,000 FBI agents, 54,000 Customs and Border  Protection agents, 47,000 Transportation Security Officers, and 6,000  Forest Service firefighters.   TSA employees received their last paycheck on December 28 and this  single paycheck had to stretch much further than originally intended.   The shutdown forced some employees to look for new jobs or take on  extra work, and the pressure was immense for employees and families  with no other source of income.   Among those not receiving a pay check for their work were 3,200  Secret Service agents who risk their lives every single day to protect  President Trump and his family.   Speaker Pelosi's decision to delay the State of the Union was in  defense of the Secret Service agents who would be forced to work  without pay.   In addition to the federal employees working without pay, hardworking  federal employees at agencies like the Department of Justice, the  Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Agriculture, and  NASA had been furloughed without pay, plunging them and their families  into uncertainty.   These are real American families that were put through an unwarranted  and unnecessary shutdown, and they suffered because of it.   Many federal employees were furloughed, and those deemed essential  were expected to work without pay.   American families were stuck wondering how they were going to get by  without an income, especially since things like rent, groceries,  children's prescriptions and general day-to-day living costs must still  be paid whether the government is fully functional or not.   The Trump Shutdown ended when the Speaker Pelosi made the President  face reality that the vast majority of the American people and their  representatives in Congress did not support wasting $5.7 billion on an  unnecessary and immoral wall that the President promised Mexico would  pay for.   Not only were Americans struggling to pay for their day-to-day  expenses but veterans and military families were suffering as well.   The military was also suffering in other areas.   For example, changes of station for military personnel were delayed  and facility and weapons maintenance was suspended.   Military commissaries (base grocery stores) were shut down and  military families were forced to shop elsewhere, costing up to 30  percent more on average than at the commissaries.   The United States Coast Guard went without funding for thirty-five  days.   This was an added expense that added up very quickly, especially for  military families living in cities with a high cost of living.   Edith Banda who recently returned from a reservist deployment in the  Middle East was among thousands of people in the Houston area who felt  impact of the government shutdown.   Edith was unable to work her federal job in downtown Houston for 35  days.   Making matters worse, she and dozens of others in Houston were unable  to seek temporary private sector work because such jobs require  permission, and the people who process those requests were also  furloughed.   Edith had begun selling her personal possessions to make ends meet.   There are so many other issues that could be tackled with the money  Trump wants to spend on the border wall.   With an increase of $265 million the Department of Justice could hire  2,000 new police officers and make steps towards making many  communities a safer place.   With an increase of $99 million the Office of National Drug Control  Policy could support community-level efforts to address substance abuse  programs in nearly 730 additional communities.   With an increase of $200 million the Economic Development  Administration could create or preserve 31,000 jobs for our hardworking  Americans.   With an additional $20 million Small Business Administration grants  could support dozens more Women's Business and Veterans Outreach  Centers providing business training, counseling and outreach to 47,000  additional US veterans and women.   These are the changes that American citizens deserve.   Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 79 could not come at a better time.   Having survived the Trump Shutdown, it is fitting and proper for the  House of Representatives to go on record and state that the shutdown of  the Government of the United States, or any portion thereof, causes  substantial damage to Federal employees, to every American who benefits  directly or indirectly from Federal services, to our Nation's economy,  and to the reputation of the United States around the world.   Mr. Speaker, shutting down the Government of the United States, or  any portion thereof, is not an acceptable tactic or strategy for  resolving differences regarding policy, funding levels, or governing  philosophy.   Given the damage mercilessly inflicted on the American people and the  economy by the Trump Shutdown, Congress has a fiduciary duty to the  American people to ensure the continued, uninterrupted operations of  the Government of the United States and its services.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of H. Res. 79.   