 Mr. President, I stand proudly before this body today in  support of the passage of the Debbie Smith Act of 2019. Since its  enactment in 2004, the Debbie Smith Act has been renewed twice with  overwhelming bipartisan support. With the tireless work of Senator  Cornyn and Senator Feinstein, we will renew this vital piece of  legislation for a third time today.   I want to thank Senator Cornyn very much for being such a diligent  leader on behalf of this act.   The Debbie Smith Act removes one of the most substantial and  burdensome roadblocks to survivors of sexual violence achieving the  justice they deserve. I have told many people about the time I  volunteered when I was a young woman in Iowa State University. I  volunteered for a crisis hotline and a woman's shelter. The type of  work I was able to volunteer for at that time was responding with a  beeper to crisis calls at the hospital for women who had been through a  rape. That, in itself, is very difficult, but the follow-on work that  has to be done can often be just as difficult if evidence is not  processed timely.   The Debbie Smith Act does this by providing funding for crime labs  that process DNA evidence and by strengthening the national DNA  database used to help solve these horrific crimes. In addition, this  bipartisan bill supports audits of evidence awaiting analysis at law  enforcement agencies and charges the Justice Department with the task  of developing national testing guidelines.   We all know the criminal justice system isn't designed to be fair to  survivors of sexual violence, and it is not easy on them. It certainly  is not a comfortable process.   Coming forward as a survivor is not the end. It is just the  beginning. That is why it is so important that this Congress, with  Senator Cornyn's leadership, and our criminal justice system support  survivors of sexual violence by funding the availability of DNA  evidence to help bring these predators to justice.   Again, I thank the Senator for his diligent work on this. The  bipartisan Debbie Smith Act helps to bring us to the end that our  survivors need and they deserve. Thank you for your leadership.   With that, I yield the floor.   