 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  986, the Protecting Americans with Preexisting Conditions Act of 2019.   My amendment would put an end to the rising cost of premiums. It is  an amendment that should be met with overwhelming bipartisan support  and without opposition.   Specifically, my amendment would prohibit the administration from  taking any further action that would result in higher premiums for  Americans who need comprehensive coverage.   This administration has unilaterally made healthcare more expensive  and less accessible for the American people by taking actions that run  contrary to the spirit and purpose of the ACA. That has resulted in  higher premiums and reduced enrollment.   In 2017, the administration stopped cost-sharing payments that helped  reduce out-of-pocket costs for low-income Americans. This action alone  increased premiums by 20 percent and raised costs for families not  receiving subsidies.   In 2018, the administration issued new section 1332 guidance that  allows States to raise healthcare costs for people with preexisting  conditions. This 2018 guidance also gave a green light to insurance  companies to expand junk plans that don't cover essential health  benefits. We know that pulling people out of the pool only makes  insurance premiums more expensive for those with preexisting  conditions.   Also, in 2018, the administration slashed funding for consumer  enrollment assistance and outreach. Their  [[Page H3544]]  goal: reduced healthcare enrollment; the result: higher premiums.   Just last month, the administration finalized a rule that would  increase limits on total out-of-pocket costs for millions. The  administration moved forward with this even though the rule itself  noted that all commenters on this topic expressed opposition to or  concerns about the proposed change.   This past Monday, the administration released a notice seeking  comment on a proposal that would reduce eligibility for Medicaid and  cut premium tax credits for millions.   It is time to say ``no'' to future attempts to sabotage working  Americans' healthcare.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairman, my amendment is about fairness. Patients  should not face increased premiums at the whim of appointed government  officials, especially for essential health benefits like emergency  services, maternity, newborn, pediatric care, mental health and  substance abuse treatment, prescription drugs, laboratory services, and  preventive and wellness services for chronic disease management.   From malicious lawsuits aimed at striking down the ACA in its  entirety and, along with it, the protections for preexisting conditions  to ending the practice of public advertisement of enrollment period and  educating the people about the complexities of health insurance, it has  become clear that Congress must reclaim its legislative authority and  ensure that this administration faithfully executes the spirit of this  law.   The ACA is the law. The Constitution gives Congress the power to make  laws and requires the executive branch to faithfully execute the laws  that Congress passes.   We all heard Republicans on the campaign trail last year say that  they would protect coverage for preexisting conditions and help drive  down our premiums. This is their chance to fulfill those campaign  promises with concrete action.   Action, not words, is what the American people demand, and it is what  they deserve. Let's make that commitment a reality by adopting this  amendment, passing this bill, and pushing the Senate to take it up so  that we can get it signed into law.   In closing, Madam Chair, this is about standing up for the dignity of  working families in the most basic and fundamental sense. It is about  saying that every child, woman, man, and family in this country  deserves the same certainty of being able to afford high-quality  healthcare.   Our people deserve better. We need to stop the political  gamesmanship, and we need to focus on people across our country who  need good, affordable healthcare right now.    This is also our chance to remind this administration and future  administrations that Congress makes the laws, and the executive branch  doesn't get to fool around with the implementation just to see it fail  for political reasons.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   