 Mr. President, it is typically tradition to exchange gifts  on anniversaries, but yesterday we celebrated the anniversary of a  truly remarkable gift given to each of us as Americans: the  Constitution.   On September 17, 1787, our Founding Fathers concluded the  Constitutional Convention by proposing a new form of government based  upon inalienable rights and self-determination of the American people.  The Founders of our great Nation devoted incredible foresight to the  very structure on which our country is built, with the goal of  protecting our rights as citizens for generations to come.   Folks, we celebrate Constitution Day with gratitude--gratitude for  the unprecedented freedoms this document guarantees, freedoms which  have endured more than 230 years. As the world's oldest working  national Constitution, the U.S. Constitution continues to withstand the  test of time and remains among the most important documents ever to be  written. It  [[Page S5557]]  not only established our government institutions such as Congress, the  Presidency, and the courts, but it also limited the power of each to  protect against tyranny.   As constructed, our government can only exercise the limited powers  specifically outlined in the Constitution, but the freedoms that all of  us cherish deeply and that are so often taken for granted are forever  guaranteed by the Constitution and its Bill of Rights.   These include the freedom of religion, so we may worship freely what  we know to be true in our hearts; freedom of speech, to debate and  openly discuss as we endlessly seek to become that ``more perfect  Union''; a free press, to share information with every citizen from  north to south, from coast to coast, and to and from my home in Iowa;  the right to peacefully assemble and enact change; due process, to  ensure justice for every individual and protection against cruel and  unusual punishment to those who are convicted; and the right of law- abiding citizens to bear arms.   Folks, the words of this Constitution, our sacred Constitution, have  endured because they work. The Constitution sets the stage for the  generations that follow to continue to expand its ``Blessings of  Liberty,'' including: The 13th Amendment that abolished slavery, the  15th Amendment which guaranteed African Americans the right to vote,  and the 19th Amendment, which was approved by Congress 100 years ago  this past July, granting women the right to vote.   The Constitution does more to protect liberty than any political  document ever composed. It actively guarantees life, liberty, and the  pursuit of happiness that our Founders merely hoped for at the drafting  of the Declaration of Independence.   To tamper with any of the rights promised to us at the founding of  our Nation is to weaken the structure upon which our liberty was  promised. Even in polarized times, these principles continue to ring  true and unite us as Americans.   Before each of us in this Chamber began our service to the people of  our own great States, we first swore an oath to support and defend the  Constitution of the United States. Every man and woman who enlists in  our Nation's Armed Forces, as I have, begins their service by swearing  a similar oath.   Folks, the political winds may blow left, and they may blow right,  but we can rest assured that no one can take away these guaranteed  freedoms. With every new bill we consider, we must always pause to  ensure that it is adhering to the rights outlined in our Constitution.   There is nowhere in the world that enjoys the constitutional freedoms  that American citizens do today. Those rights and freedoms apply to  each one of us equally. No one is above the law, and no one is beneath  it.   The Constitution is a guidepost for justice and democracy and  encompasses the bedrock of our ideals as Americans. Most importantly,  the Constitution keeps a promise that power shall forever remain with  ``We the People.''   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   