 Madam Speaker, on the morning of January 28,  1986, the Space Shuttle Challenger broke apart just over a minute after  launch. We will always remember the brave Challenger crew, and the  sacrifice they made to help advance the exploration of space. Among  those lost in the Challenger tragedy was one teacher, Christa  McAuliffe, who was to be the very first teacher to go to space with  NASA's new Teacher in Space project. The Teacher in Space project was  created to spark students' interest in science, exploration, and  discovery.   Teachers are leaders and inspirers. Teachers encourage their students  to reach for the stars; devoting their careers to uncovering the  endless opportunities that are out there for their pupils. That is just  what Christa McAuliffe was seeking to do when she joined the Teacher in  Space project. Ms. McAuliffe was once asked to describe her philosophy  of living, to which she answered, ``to get as much out of life as  possible.''   The Christa McAuliffe Commemorative Coin Act of 2019 is an excellent  way to recognize and remember Ms. McAuliffe for her contributions to  education and to celebrate women in STEM. We must continue to uphold  Ms. McAuliffe's mission to boost the next generation's interest in the  sciences. Christa McAuliffe decided to embark on this adventure with  her students in mind, knowing she would have incredible lessons to  teach them when she returned from space. Although she never returned,  the story of her life will continue to inspire successive generations  of students to explore, to remain curious, and to keep a love of  learning alive.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  1396, the Hidden Figures Congressional Gold Medal Act.   I thank the ranking member of the committee, Mr. Lucas, for joining  me in introducing this bill and for his efforts to help secure the  necessary support to bring the bill to the floor.   I also thank Senator Coons for his leadership in championing an  identical companion bill in the Senate, which passed out of the Senate  by unanimous consent in March.   I also wish to thank the 309 bipartisan cosponsors in the House.   The ``Hidden Figures'' of NASA include the now-well-known women  mathematicians and engineers Katherine Johnson, Dr. Christine Darden,  Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson.   Their stories, portrayed in the 2016 ``Hidden Figures'' book and  film, represent the stories of hundreds of women computers,  mathematicians, and engineers working at NASA and its precursor  organization, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, NACA,  from the 1930s to the 1970s.   In the early days of the space program, women and their talents were  critically important but often overlooked. Women were typically not  permitted to serve in any visible position or recognized publicly for  their contributions.   Women of color faced the additional daily indignity of racial  discrimination.   In spite of these challenges, these women chose to apply their  considerable talents to help achieve what was, arguably, one of the  Nation's crowning technological achievements: landing the first humans  on the Moon.   The success of the NASA space program was due, in large part, to  their brilliance, hard work, and perseverance in the face of adversity.   What better example can we hope to give our sons and daughters?   This bill will bestow Congress' highest civilian honor in recognition  of the achievements of Katherine Johnson, Dr. Christine Darden, Dorothy  Vaughan, Mary Jackson, and all the other women computers,  mathematicians, and engineers at NACA and NASA during this important  time in our history.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   