 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in complete opposition to H.R. 582, a radical,  risky, and unnecessary bill that puts party politics above the best  interests of American workers and their families.   Increasing the Federal minimum wage by 107 percent is a harmful and  unprecedented mandate that would result in millions of job losses for  vulnerable Americans, small business closures, and significant damage  to the U.S. economy.   A detailed study issued this month by the nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office, CBO, estimates a $15 minimum wage would cause up to 3.7  million lost jobs--3.7 million jobs. One job lost is too many; 3.7  million jobs lost is unconscionable.   Those hurt the most by this bill would be female workers, young  workers, and those with less than a high school diploma.   In our committee earlier this year, we heard testimony from Ms.  Simone Barron, a restaurant worker from Seattle, Washington, where the  minimum wage has already been raised to $15 per hour. Simone said that,  after the city of Seattle raised the minimum wage, her employer moved  her from standard a tip line to a service charge model, which resulted  in her taking home less pay.   Small businesses will also suffer if this far-left policy is  implemented. Without the cash reserves or profit margins to absorb the  increase in labor costs, small businesses will have a choice of several  bad options. Among their choices are laying off workers, raising prices  on their customers, replacing workers with robots, or going out of  business.   The National Federation of Independent Business estimates that  businesses with fewer than 500 employees will account for 57 percent of  job losses, and businesses with fewer than 100 employees will account  for 43 percent of job losses.   Still, my Democratic colleagues are trying to sell this radical wage  hike by claiming it will redistribute wealth and provide poor Americans  with a ``living wage.'' Yet, the CBO predicts that, by 2025, there  would be a $9 billion net reduction in family income resulting from a  $15 minimum wage. This so-called raise would reduce pay for many  American families.   Let's not forget, the U.S. economy is booming, and lesser-skilled  workers are benefiting. Earlier this month, The Wall Street Journal  reported that ``wages are rising at the fastest rate in a decade for  lower-skilled workers, and unemployment among less-educated Americans  and minorities is near a record low.''   We know from the latest jobs report that progrowth policies like the  Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and eliminating unnecessary  regulations are raising wages, adding jobs, and reducing unemployment.   With 7.3 million unfilled jobs nationwide, job creators know they  must offer competitive wages and benefits to attract and retain  workers, so it is bewildering that Democrats refuse to acknowledge or  celebrate the victories of our present economy and continue to call for  socialist policies. Instead, they want to pass this ill-advised  legislation, which would wreak havoc on the economic progress we have  achieved over the last few years.    The cost of living in New York City is much higher than the cost of  living in my hometown in North Carolina. With such disparities in the  cost of living across the country, mandating a one-size-fits-all wage  hike will cause job losses and harm entry-level workers in many regions  around the country.   Even President Obama's former chairman of economic advisers, Alan  Krueger, argued in October 2015 that raising the minimum wage to $15  would ``put us in uncharted waters and risk undesirable and unintended  consequences.''   H.R. 582 is deeply irresponsible. Workers, families, small  businesses, and the U.S. economy will suffer as a direct result of this  drastic mandate.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson).    I yield the gentleman from Pennsylvania  an additional 20 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Rice).    I yield the gentleman from South Carolina  an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   I do agree with one thing one of our colleagues across the aisle said  a few minutes ago. We do need to let the American people know what this  House is about to do; kill millions of jobs.   The CBO's estimate was that 1.3 million jobs would be lost, minimum.  Of those jobs lost, 60 percent would be female workers, 46 percent  would be young workers, and 38 percent would have less than a high  school diploma. These are the people that our colleagues claim they  care about.   However, what they want to do here today is harm those very people.  So I think it is important that we let the American people understand  what this legislation does.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Michigan  (Mr. Walberg).    Mr. Speaker, as our colleagues have  noted, States and localities may enact higher minimum wages than the  Federal minimum wage, and there are examples of that. But let's leave  freedom in the hands of the people, in the hands of the States. That is  what this country is all about.   In socialist regimes, all decisions are made by a small group of  people at a central government. That is not the American way.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Kelly).    Mr. Speaker, Speaker Pelosi promised that  a $15 minimum wage hike would be passed by the House in the first 100  hours of this Congress, so it is not surprising that 7 months later the  Rules Committee accepted a manager's amendment to add a modest amount  of extra time for small businesses to feel the full effect of this  bill.   Also, our colleague has said that this will lift 1.3 million people  out of poverty, but it is also going to knock 3.7 million people out of  jobs. So, let's keep it all in perspective.   I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Allen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Byrne).    Mr. Speaker, our colleagues say all the  time that we need to help the people at the bottom of the ladder.   Those are exactly the people who are being helped by the Republican  policies that were enacted in the first 2 years of this administration.  We are seeing people at the bottom get the highest percentage increase.  So that is already being done, and it is because of regulations being  reduced and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 20  seconds to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Wright).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15  seconds to the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   Mr. Speaker, as my colleagues from Georgia said, the Democrats want  to make the American people think that they, as agents of the Federal  Government, are giving them something by raising this minimum wage.  That is not true.   Small businesses, families, workers, and the economy at large will  all suffer debilitating loss if this bill is passed. Forcing our  Nation's job creators to raise the minimum wage arbitrarily around the  country by 107 percent will hurt the very people this ill-advised  legislation is alleged to help.   The case studies from States and localities with large minimum wage  hikes are clear and have shown that workers and employers are punished  by these risky schemes.   Apparently, House Democrats have missed the fact that wages are  already on the rise. With unemployment near a 50-year low, the  competition for employees is driving wages up.   Instead of stifling our booming economy by forcing employers to  implement a crippling, mandated wage hike, we should advance  legislation that empowers communities, creates opportunities, and opens  doors for workers.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I compliment my colleague on  his sense of humor, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I do take offense at anyone who characterizes  Republicans as not caring about children, not caring about women, not  caring about people of color, and not caring about people in poverty.  We care for all people, too, Mr. Speaker, and I want to make that very  clear. We will disagree philosophically, but we care about people, and  we love our fellow Americans.   Democrats continue to point to figures of potential wage increases in  our congressional districts, but not once have they acknowledged that  CBO estimates that as many as three jobs could  [[Page H7119]]  be lost for every one person pulled out of poverty.   So will the Democrats who vote for this bill come to our  congressional districts and answer for the jobs lost?   Will they look at the women and young people and those without a high  school degree who will face the brunt of the job losses from this bill  in our congressional districts?   The harm inflicted by this bill far outweighs the benefits. We should  not inflict that pain on our constituents just to satisfy a far left,  socialist political promise. The economy is growing, wages are rising,  and opportunities are increasing. We should not dampen this progress  with any kind of policy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this costly, job-killing  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in  opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, a hot economy is leading to higher wages. There are 7.3  million unfilled jobs which puts all workers in a good position to  receive higher wages, and we have seen robust wage growth for nearly a  year in all categories. Unfortunately, this amendment does nothing to  prevent the negative impacts of H.R. 582.   Calling this amendment a fig leaf is an insult to fig leaves.   First, the amendment requires that GAO study only--only--the effects  of the first two of the seven wage hikes in H.R. 582, rather than the  actual effect of the bill which is increasing the minimum wage by 107  percent to $15 an hour and indexing the wage rate forever after that.   As my colleagues well know, the first two wage hikes in the bill will  not be as damaging as the increase to $15. So the results of the  proposed GAO study are rigged to avoid use the damaging 107 percent  hike as the appropriate benchmark.   Second, this amendment has no teeth. It merely says that Congress can  make recommendations after the first two wage hikes have gone into  effect. Give me a break. But there is no requirement that Congress do  anything in response to these recommendations, and there is no fast- track authority in this amendment.   Third, we already have in our possession a recent detailed and highly  credible study of the effects of a 107 percent wage hike to the current  Federal minimum wage. With regard to GAO's studies, at the Education  and Labor Committee markup of H.R. 582 in March, Chairman Scott already  dismissed the effectiveness and conclusions of a potential GAO report  that might show jobs lost.   Explaining his opposition to a proposed GAO study, Mr. Scott said,  This amendment suggests that there will be job loss. All of the studies  show otherwise.   I urge my colleagues to see this amendment for what it is: an attempt  to provide political cover to Democrat Members who are justifiably  concerned about the negative impact of a $15 Federal minimum wage in  their districts.   Vote ``no'' on this amendment and ``no'' on H.R. 582.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, the  chairman of the Education and Labor Committee already has a low opinion  of these types of studies, and his mind is made up about a $15 Federal  minimum wage.   This amendment sets up a rigged process in which House Democrat  leaders who already support a 107 percent hike will decide whether to  move forward with it. There is no doubt how they will decide.   Congressman Grijalva agrees with Chairman Scott. He is quoted in a  July 15 article in The Hill regarding the amendment's proposed study:  ``It's almost perfunctory. Look what we did. So I don't think it's  consequential. But I don't think it's needed, either.''   Mr. Speaker, this amendment is not necessary. Let the Democrats vote  for the $15 wage hike and take the consequences of it. Democrats should  stop trying to provide political cover for themselves with this  amendment which does absolutely nothing.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding I am  allowed to close, so I will reserve until the other side does so.    Mr. Speaker, I will say again to our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle, there is no group of people  more than the Republicans on this side of the aisle who care about  working families and who work every day for the philosophies that will  support those working families and, again, all other groups.   Let me say again, the amendment requires the GAO study only the  effects of the first two of the seven wage hikes in H.R. 582 rather  than the actual effect of this bill, which is increasing the minimum  wage by 107 percent.   As my colleagues well know, the first two wage hikes will not be as  damaging as the increase to $15, so the results of the proposed GAO  study are rigged to avoid using the damaging 107 percent hike as the  appropriate benchmark.   Second, this amendment has no teeth. It merely says that Congress can  make recommendations after the first two wage hikes have gone into  effect, but there is no requirement that Congress do anything in  response, and there is no fast-track authority in this amendment.   Again, I will say that this amendment is not necessary.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to see this amendment for what it  is: an attempt to provide political cover to Democrat Members who are  justifiably concerned about the negative impacts of a $15 Federal  minimum wage in their district.   Vote ``no'' on this amendment and ``no'' on H.R. 582.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   