 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I thank my colleagues, Representative Lofgren and Representative  Newhouse, for their very hard work on this bipartisan bill.   The critical needs of our farmers and farmworkers have gone too long  without being addressed by Congress. As the sole Member in the entire  Northwest on the House Agriculture Committee, I am proud to represent  the apple capital of the world, Wenatchee, as well as farmers and  growers on both sides of the Cascades, and I can say that they are  hurting.   What I hear from the farmers and orchardists across my State is that  a stable workforce is critical to their ability to put food on our  tables. As the domestic workforce is dwindling, more and more growers  have been forced to turn to the burdensome and bureaucratic H-2A  program for the workers they need to grow and harvest their crops.   Farmworkers are critical. If the cherries ripen and there is no one  to pick them, our farms and our farmers will fail. Crops don't wait,  and millions of dollars and futures are at stake.   This important bill will provide a stable workforce for our farmers  and a path to legal status for farmworkers and their families. This is  the kind of winning bipartisan legislation that is exactly what our  country needs. I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Mr. Chair, I thank everyone who worked so hard on the  Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   As so many of my colleagues have said already, this is a  groundbreaking bill.   Medicare is the biggest purchaser of medications in the world, and it  should absolutely have the power to negotiate costs, and we should not  continue to pay three to four times more than the rest of the world for  our medications.   With negotiation, this bill saves hundreds of billions of dollars,  and we are going to use that money well. Part is for research, but one  of the ways is my bill, included in H.R. 3, that requires Medicare to  cover vision care.   Medicare part B covers cataract surgery and yearly glaucoma tests,  but it does not cover routine eye exams, glasses, or contact lenses,  and this is a tremendous gap in coverage for our seniors.   We want to make sure seniors can live independently for as long as  possible, and part of this is making sure they can see well enough to  drive to appointments, walk safely around the house, and carefully read  their prescription bottles. Also, poor vision can limit physical  activity and increase isolation, leading then to deteriorating health.   As a doctor, I am concerned about the number of older Americans who  have not had an eye exam in well over a year and might have undiagnosed  eye conditions. By expanding Medicare part B to cover vision care, we  will ensure that older Americans will be able to access affordable  care.   