 Mr. President, I rise to join my Democratic colleagues  who have come to the floor in recent weeks to share stories from our  constituents about the need to protect and improve healthcare.   Throughout the last 3 years, the Trump administration and Republicans  in Congress have been relentless in their attempts to undermine our  healthcare system, and their efforts have increased costs and made it  harder for patients to access the care they and their families need.   Instead of working to improve our healthcare system and ensure that  it is actually working for patients, this administration and some of my  Republican colleagues have actively sought to do the opposite, and that  has very real implications for the people we serve.   Take, for example, Cassandra Van Kuren of Manchester, NH. Cassandra  is a 26-year-old who is passionate about fitness and staying healthy.  That is why it was so devastating that a week before she turned 25, she  got the news that she had been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes.   Cassandra's life had been turned upside down, and after her  diagnosis, she was immediately hit with another shocking blow: the  costs associated with her condition.   Within the first week of her diagnosis, she was forced to max out her  credit card, and to this day she is still paying back all of the bills  she accumulated within her first month of being diagnosed.   Soon after, she lost her job because she missed so much work. She  then went to work with her husband at the gym they own in Manchester  and was able to get health insurance through the business.   Still, the costs remain enormous. On average, Cassandra has to spend  $150 a month on insulin costs alone after insurance. Her premium is  over $400 per month, and every 3 months she accumulates bills of over  $500 due to the cost of appointments and equipment. And, sadly,  Cassandra and her husband are nervous about starting a family because  their costs for care would grow even higher. The amount of insulin a  woman with type 1 diabetes needs increases three times when she is  pregnant.    Cassandra's story is an example of why we need to improve our  healthcare system and also why we can't afford to allow Washington  Republicans to pull us backward.   The administration is backing a partisan lawsuit--the result of which  we will know soon--which would take healthcare away from millions of  Americans, gut protections for preexisting conditions, end Medicaid  expansion, and eliminate the requirement that insurers must cover  prescription drugs, maternity care, mental healthcare, substance abuse  treatment, and so much more.   With the support of Senate Republicans, the administration has  promoted what are appropriately referred to as junk health insurance  plans. These junk plans allow insurance companies to discriminate  against Americans who experience preexisting conditions, and they also  leave patients with higher healthcare costs and worse insurance  coverage.   The administration has opposed certain efforts to lower the costs of  prescription drugs, in particular, allowing Medicare to negotiate  prices on lifesaving drugs, including insulin. These actions are  unacceptable.   Families in New Hampshire and all across the country cannot afford  these reckless attacks on their healthcare, and they want us to work  together on constructive bipartisan solutions that improve their lives  and lower their costs, not this constant uncertainty and sabotage.   The efforts of people like Cassandra, who have shared their stories  in an attempt to shine a light on the challenges that patients are  experiencing, are incredibly important. No one should have to share  their most deeply personal healthcare stories and plead for lawmakers  not to undermine their health coverage, but that is where we are. I am  incredibly grateful for those who have had the courage to speak out. I  will continue to share their stories, and I will continue working with  anyone who is serious about actually improving our healthcare system,  not undermining them.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   