 Mr. Chair, I rise today on behalf of the millions of  Americans who are struggling to afford their lifesaving medications.  Every day, millions face the tough decision of having to pay for their  prescriptions or other basic costs of living like groceries and rent,  Americans like Victoria Stuessel from Los Angeles, a mother of three  who was just diagnosed with MS.   Because of the high cost of her medications which she uses to delay  the progress of her disease, she was forced to skip doses. But this is  just one of many stories of people like Victoria who ration their care  or stop taking their medication altogether.   Not only is this dangerous, but it could result in death.   The Strengthening Healthcare and Lowering Prescription Drug Costs Act  is the first step to stop the rigging of the system so there is no  delay to get generics to consumers faster.   That will increase competition, and it will keep drug prices down for  consumers.   While there is still much more work that needs to be done to drive  down the price of prescription drugs, this bill is a strong first step  in ensuring that all Americans can afford the medication they need.   Let's pass this bill and move forward in helping consumers.    Mr. Chair, I am proud to join my colleague, Congressman  Brown, in cosponsoring his amendment, implementing outreach and  educational activities in areas with high health disparities.   I know about this all too well. I represent one of these districts, a  district that is a majority minority. It is 88 percent Latino and  African American, combined. These are the types of districts where you  have higher health disparities happening, where Latinos and African  Americans have more diabetes than anybody else.   My district also happens to be 357 out of 435. That is where we land  as far as income of all the congressional districts in Congress, where  people need this information. They need the outreach so that they know  what kind of access they have to healthcare so that they have those  options.   Providing opportunities to underserved communities to learn about  their healthcare coverage options will result in more people signing up  for affordable care. More people will get treated when they become  sick, and more people will be able to live healthy and productive  lives.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   