 Madam President, I rise to join Senator Murray and my  colleagues in standing up for doctors and patients in my home State of  Minnesota and across the country.   S. 311 puts Congress in the middle of the important medical decisions  that patients and doctors should make together without having political  interference. It would compel physicians to provide unnecessary medical  care. It would override physicians' professional judgments about what  is best for their patients, and it would put physicians in the position  of facing criminal penalties if their judgments about what is best for  their patients are contrary to what is described in this bill.   Colleagues, let me be clear. For women, this is a healthcare issue,  not a political issue, and this bill, I fear, interferes with the  doctor-patient relationship, which should worry us all. We can all  agree that people deserve the best medical care based on their  individual needs and their doctors' best medical advice. This is how  our medical system is supposed to work--physicians and patients making  decisions together that are based on patients' individual needs.   Everybody is different. For example, any oncologist will tell you  that each cancer patient's treatment is different. Treatment plans  depend on the type of cancer and how advanced the cancer is. Decisions  about cancer treatments also depend on each person's age and lifestyle  and individual circumstances. The same is true when it comes to  pregnancy. Any obstetrician will tell you that every pregnancy is  different and that when complications arise, they can completely change  the course of treatment. In that moment, women and their families and  their doctors are the only ones who are able to make decisions about  what is best for a woman and her pregnancy.   Think about what this means in real life. In August of 2016, Tippy,  who is from Minnesota and has agreed for me to share her story, was  pregnant and, with her husband, went to their 20-week ultrasound  appointment. They were excited because they thought they were about to  find out the gender of their new baby, and they had already bought  decorations for the gender reveal party. Instead, Tippy and her husband  got devastating news from that ultrasound. Their baby, a boy, had  stopped developing properly and would not survive. They would never get  to meet him and never get to hold him. The ultrasound revealed not only  the tragic news about this much wanted child but also showed a  dangerous condition that threatened Tippy's own health. Tippy's  placenta was enlarged, and to continue her pregnancy would risk the  health of her reproductive system and her ability to have future  children of her own.   Tippy, with her family and her doctor, made the difficult decision to  have an abortion in order to save her reproductive system. Because she  was able to make that medical decision, she was able to have another  baby a year later. Tippy and her husband are today the proud parents of  an 18-month-old child. When Tippy and her husband made their decision,  it was based on guidance from her doctor and what was right for them  and the family they hoped to have in the future.   They didn't need politicians to be looking over their shoulders in  the doctor's office and telling them what to do. None of us in this  body should be in the business of interfering in that doctor-patient  relationship. We don't tell oncologists how to treat their patients; we  don't tell emergency room doctors how to save lives; and we shouldn't  tell women's doctors how to take care of their patients.   Colleagues, that is what this bill does. It would give politicians in  this room the power to make medical decisions for women and their  families. This bill intimidates providers and forces physicians to  provide inappropriate medical treatment even when it is not in the best  interests of their patients or their families.   Colleagues, we should treat women with respect. Decisions about  women's healthcare aren't different from decisions about men's  healthcare, so why are we treating women differently? This legislation,  if it were to become law, would put doctors in an untenable position:  Do they follow the law or do they follow their code of professional  ethics?   Colleagues, let's get out of the business of dictating medical care  for women. Let's continue to trust women and their doctors. I urge my  colleagues to oppose this legislation.   I yield the floor.   