 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New  Jersey for yielding and for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs  Committee. His expertise, having been elected to Congress in November,  is welcomed.   It is really wonderful to be able to join him on the floor of the  House of Representatives to make sure that we continue to voice our  support for democracy to be restored in Venezuela and mitigate the  threat that Maduro's regime poses to all of us in the Western  Hemisphere.   I also extend my thanks to Mr. Engel, the chairman of the Foreign  Affairs Committee, and Mr. McCaul, the ranking member, both of whom  have really come together with the bills that were adopted earlier, and  with this one, to make sure that it is demonstrated very clearly that  there is no daylight in the United States when it comes to the issue of  making sure that we can restore democracy to Venezuela.   Mr. Speaker, the people of Venezuela are suffering right now under  the rule of a brutal despot, Nicolas Maduro. The widespread starvation,  economic devastation, and public health crisis he has inflicted on his  own people has been absolutely heartbreaking to witness. I saw this  tragedy up close when my colleague, Representative Donna Shalala, and I  traveled to the Colombian-Venezuelan border earlier this month.   The stories we heard and what we saw was gut-wrenching: easily  avoidable medical tragedies; blockaded humanitarian aid; and because of  a lack of access to vaccines, the rampant spread of disease cured long  ago. We witnessed these tragic realities firsthand.   I also hear these horrific experiences from my own friends and  neighbors when I return to my hometown of Weston, affectionately known  in south Florida and around the world, quite frankly, as Westonzuela.   It is no surprise that this cruel regime has very few friends. Not  surprisingly, one of them is the Kremlin. That is why the Russia- Venezuelan Threat Mitigation Act is so urgently needed. This bill would  require the State Department to provide a crucial threat assessment of  Russia's influence in Venezuela.   Just this weekend, we saw media reports that more Russian military  officials continue to arrive in Venezuela. According to the latest  reports, planes brought in Russian cargo, advisers, and officials to  train the same Venezuelan military apparatus that is keeping Maduro in  power. This is just the latest attempt in a long-running push by  Vladimir Putin to prop up this brutal autocrat.   In December, the Russian Federation sent two Tu-160 nuclear-capable  bombers to Venezuela for joint exercises. The Tu-160 can carry  conventional or nuclear-tipped cruise missiles with an estimated  maximum range of around 3,000 miles. That same month, Russian and  Venezuelan forces took part in a joint 10-hour exercise across the  Caribbean with these Tu-160 nuclear-capable bombers.   This menacing Kremlin influence creates not only a hurdle to  restoring a functioning, legitimate democracy to the people of  Venezuela, but it also poses an imminent military threat to the entire  Western Hemisphere. We not only need a detailed assessment of what kind  of threat this poses but a strategy for dealing with it. Under this  bill, the State Department would be required to deliver both essential  diplomatic tools to Congress.   Our goal, regardless of party, is to allow for the peaceful  transition to Venezuela's rightful leader, interim President Juan  Guaido, and for the peaceful execution of free and fair elections. That  will not happen soon enough, so long as Putin troops are helping prop  up Maduro's bloody regime.   Another invaluable crutch the Kremlin has handed Maduro is pipelined  through the embattled nation's oil supply. As his people suffer and  protest all around him, Maduro survives inside an oil-soaked cocoon  that the Russian Federation provides to his regime.  [[Page H2784]]    Maduro secures these lifeline loans by promising to repay the  Russians with future oil exports. But amid Venezuela's economic crisis,  Maduro, not surprisingly, fell behind on those payments, reports  indicate, beginning in 2017. News reports suggest that the Russian  state oil company Rosneft lent the Venezuelan state oil company  billions of dollars, partly as a prepayment for its crude oil.   Those oily tentacles are another reason why the Russia-Venezuelan  Threat Mitigation Act is so vital. This bill would also require the  President to give Congress an assessment of the security risks posed by  any potential Russian acquisition of the U.S. energy infrastructure  holdings of CITGO, which is owned by Venezuela. By monitoring the CITGO  acquisition risks, we monitor one of Maduro's vital veins of  sustenance.   Finally, what this bill would also do is allow the United States to  use the diplomatic tools of travel to discourage further Russian- Venezuelan military entanglements. It would block travel to the United  States by anyone who is acting or has acted on behalf of the Russian  Government in direct support of the Venezuelan security forces.    Mr. Speaker, except in rare circumstances,  this bill would allow for a ban and immediate revocation of visas from  anyone working on behalf of the Russian Government to directly bolster  the Venezuelan security forces.   Right now, the people of Venezuela are enduring an unimaginable  onslaught of hunger, preventable medical dangers, and dire escalating  economic pain. We cannot stand idly by while Putin assists Maduro in  carrying out this inhumane and barbaric tragedy.   The Russian-Venezuelan Threat Mitigation Act will make it harder for  the Kremlin to outfit Maduro with weapons of oppression. This bill will  also allow the United States to monitor and minimize the threat that  Russia poses to the entire region.    Restoring democracy to Venezuela will not happen overnight. No single  action alone could bring it about. But combined with the strong  humanitarian aid and military export bills my colleagues have crafted  that have passed on the floor tonight, the Russian-Venezuelan Threat  Mitigation Act will provide part of the comprehensive solution this  all-encompassing tragedy needs.   The Venezuelan people, including my friends and neighbors back home,  desperately need this relief.   Mr. Speaker, I have heard real stories of neighbors and friends  standing in front of me, describing the Maduro regime's confiscation of  their businesses, just coming in one day and taking over everything.  They have wrought devastation across that land. Venezuela was once a  vibrant, rich, successful democracy that he has driven into the ground  for his own enrichment.   We can help bring this to an end through bills like the Russian- Venezuelan Threat Mitigation Act.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support of this critical  legislation.   