 Mr. Speaker, I rise to call for an  immediate end to President Trump's irresponsible and unnecessary  government shutdown which has now entered its 26th day.   People in my home State of New Hampshire and across this country are  suffering and they are put at risk because of this manufactured crisis.   One woman wrote into my office: ``My two girls and I count on the  auto deposit from their dad. If this goes on, we will not be able to  buy food, pay bills, or buy gasoline.''   Another constituent wrote: ``We are not okay with a shutdown for a  wall or for any other reason. We are not pawns on a chessboard.''   The wife of a Coast Guard member spoke of the sacrifices that their  family has already made for this country. And now they are facing the  uncertainty of even being able to pay their mortgage.   We take an oath to protect and defend this country. Safety is our  number one job. And, yet, air traffic controllers, TSA agents, DEA  agents, and even, ironically, Border Patrol agents are not receiving  their pay, and our safety is at risk.   One of the most heart-wrenching stories that I have heard is that  domestic violence shelters in New Hampshire and across this country are  cutting services to women and children whose lives are at risk. These  stories go on and on.   Who in our society are truly being hurt by President Trump's  shutdown: women and children; seniors; and veterans, whose health,  safety, and well-being are put at risk by his intransigence.   Here in the House we have voted repeatedly to reopen the government  and the Senate should follow suit. I urge the President to end this  shutdown so we can focus on the hard work that is expected of us by the  American people.   Democrats and Republicans in this Congress agree that we need  comprehensive immigration reform and 21st century border security.   Now is the time to reopen the government so that we can work together  in good faith to advance meaningful legislation that will strengthen  and protect our country. Mr. McConnell and President Trump, do your  job.   