 I thank Chairman Murkowski. Yes, the Senator is exactly  [[Page S2230]]  right. The Colorado River Drought Contingency Plan, or DCP, consists of  the Agreement Concerning Colorado River Drought Contingency Management  and Operations and additional agreements that appear as attachments Al,  A2, and B to that agreement. It is an emergency response to 19 years of  severe drought and is designed to get us to 2026 without a serious  crisis. In the lower basin, this will be done by increasing the  contributions and providing incentives to leave water banked in Lake  Mead as intentionally created surplus, among other things. My bill  reflects the urgency of the situation through its directive that the  Secretary of the Interior act without delay to sign the agreements upon  execution by the seven Colorado River Basin States.   As Chairman Murkowski mentioned, it is expected that the Secretary  will sign these agreements without delay since the actions to be  undertaken are within the analyses and range of effects reviewed in the  environmental documents prepared pursuant to the Endangered Species  Act, ESA, and in the 2007 final environmental impact statement, EIS, on  Colorado River Interim Guidelines for Lower Basin Shortages and  Coordinated Operations for Lake Powell and Lake Mead; and the EISs and  ESA documents prepared for operation of the Colorado River Storage  Project Act initial storage unit reservoirs. Additional environmental  compliance is only applicable should Federal actions be undertaken that  are outside the range of effects analyzed in those documents or the  applicable records of decision.   I ask Senator Cortez Masto, does she agree with this characterization  of our bill?   Ms. Cortez Masto. I thank my colleague from Arizona. I agree with her  assessment. I would also add that this legislation was developed to  ensure water conservation activities in the Colorado River Basin are  able to begin in 2019 and be built into the planning of operations for  2020. For this to happen, there can be no delay between execution of  the DCP by the States and the signing and implementation by the  Secretary of the Interior.   I ask Senator Gardner, is this also his understanding from the upper  basin perspective?    I would like to thank Chairman Murkowski and Ranking  Member Manchin for their time, attention, and support of this critical  legislation. I also associate myself with the comments added by the  bill cosponsors and thank them all for their work on this issue and  their comments about this bill's effect.   