 Mr. Chairman, I thank the Representative for offering  this amendment and for yielding.   This amendment requests a GAO report on how funding cuts to the  navigator program and to Affordable Care Act marketing and outreach  have impacted health insurance enrollment and the cost of coverage on  the individual markets.   Navigator programs provide critical assistance to consumers by  raising awareness about the availability of marketplace plans,  assisting people as they apply for Federal subsidies, and providing  impartial information about different marketplace plans. Importantly,  these programs help otherwise hard-to-reach groups get health insurance  coverage, including people living in rural and underserved communities.   The Trump administration has made significant funding cuts to the  navigator program, however, providing only $10 million in funding for  the program for 2019, an 80 percent reduction over the past 2 years.  [[Page H3885]]    Navigator funding in my home State of Virginia has been reduced by an  astounding 76 percent between 2016 and 2018, down from approximately  $2.2 million in 2016 to just $525,000 in 2018. To manage these cuts,  programs have had to lay off staff, close offices, and limit their  availability to help consumers.   The administration's cuts hamper navigators' ability to do their  jobs, leaving many consumers on their own during the enrollment  process, and, as a result, people may not obtain coverage on the  individual market, causing people who do get coverage to see their  premiums increase.   Constituents in my district and people throughout the U.S. rely on  navigators to learn about coverage options and to enroll in the best  possible healthcare plans for them. We need to know how the  administration's drastic funding cuts have impacted the individual  markets, and this amendment will allow us to do that.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment includes findings about how short-term,  limited-duration insurance weakens protections for the millions of  Americans living with preexisting health conditions, including children  with complex medical needs and disabilities.   Last year, the Trump administration greatly expanded the sale and  marketing of short-term, limited-duration insurance, also known as junk  insurance, plans. And these plans are junk because they don't provide  critical protections laid out by the Affordable Care Act.   As my amendment points out, these plans lack important financial  protections, may discriminate against individuals living with  preexisting conditions, and may exclude coverage of essential health  benefits such as prescription drugs and hospitalization.   The protections afforded by the Affordable Care Act are literally  lifesaving for children with complex medical needs and disabilities.  These children require specialized treatment and medical care that  depends on medications, therapies, and equipment such as ventilators,  oxygen tanks, feeding tubes, and specialized wheelchairs. The ACA's  essential health benefits ensure plans cover this care and treatment  that these children may need.   Children with complex medical needs often require extended hospitals  stays with medical care costing into the millions of dollars. Families  who purchase junk plans and whose children subsequently encounter  medical difficulties may soon find that these insurance plans are  effectively worthless, failing to cover the healthcare their children  need, and terminating their coverage if it becomes too expensive. These  children could also be subject to lifetime coverage caps that they  would exceed before they are old enough even to go to preschool.   The Trump administration's actions don't only harm families  purchasing junk plans. As more people participate in these junk plans,  the families who remain in comprehensive ACA-compliant plans would also  see the cost of their insurance premiums increase.   No family should face uncertainty about whether or not their children  will have access to lifesaving care when they need it most.   My amendment includes findings that highlight just how harmful these  junk plans are for the up to 130 million Americans living with  preexisting health conditions, and how they jeopardize Americans'  access to quality, affordable health insurance.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, junk plans provide inadequate medical  coverage and circumvent crucial consumer protections afforded by the  Affordable Care Act and are harmful to those living with preexisting  conditions.   We have a responsibility to guarantee affordable quality health  insurance for every American.   Mr. Chair, I hope my colleagues agree, and I urge them to support  this amendment. I thank my colleagues, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   