 Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment is simple and  straightforward. It is 15 words. It prohibits defense facilities from  being used to house or detain unaccompanied migrant children.   I understand the bill already provides some safeguards, so detention  at DOD facilities would follow certain guidelines, but this amendment  makes clear that the policy to detain children is out of line with  American principles. Detention is not the answer to an influx of  migrants.   There are communities across the country, including in my own  district, ready to welcome the children seeking refuge. Asylum seekers  are not criminals; they are human beings fleeing violence in search of  a dignified life. Children fleeing violence should not be met with  cruelty.   Preventing migrants from joining society is not only preventing the  American economy from growing, but it also is costing taxpayers much  more than it should.   Instead of encouraging placement of children with capable sponsors,  the entire system appears to be weighted against moving children out of  detention, all for the so-called deterrent effect.   There is no national security reason to detain children. Kids are not  prisoners of war. They do not belong at military bases. They do not  belong in tents. They do not belong in cages. They belong in the arms  of their mothers and with their families.   It is our broken immigration system that keeps children locked up. It  is inhumane; it is cruel; and it is unconscionable.   The administration's policies resemble those of a military style, and  the distress it creates in the system is generating a costly  humanitarian crisis. We should move away from this injustice and  support my amendment.   We must close all baby jails, and Congress must stop perpetuating the  expensive and cruel patchwork the immigration system has become. We  must learn from the lessons that history teaches us and not turn  military bases into internment camps.   This amendment would ensure that we don't repeat past mistakes. This  amendment would also prohibit the administration from detaining  immigrant children at Fort Sill, a military base once used as an  internment camp for Japanese Americans.   Moreover, this administration is considering detaining migrants in  Guantanamo Bay. This amendment would prevent children from being  shipped and detained there.   The military should not be dragged into this detention crisis that  this administration has created. Mission readiness should always be the  top priority for our armed services.   Madam Chairwoman, I thank Representative Chuy Garcia from Illinois,  Juan Vargas from California, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez from New York,  Rashida Tlaib from Michigan, and Ayanna Pressley from Massachusetts for  their cosponsorship of this amendment.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this simple amendment, 15  words that protect our children and helps put them in the arms of their  families.   Madam Chairwoman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, how much time do I have  remaining?    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), my colleague from Houston.    Madam Chairwoman, I will just close. I think I  probably have about 30 to 45 seconds.   I just want to repeat something I have said. I think it is important  that we emphasize that we are talking about children, young children.   And, again, there is no national security reason to detain children.  Kids aren't prisoners of war. They do not belong in military bases.  They do not belong in tents. They do not belong in  [[Page H5722]]  cages. They belong in the arms of their mothers or with their families  or with a capable sponsor.   I yield back the balance of my time.   