 Madam Speaker, I rise to discuss an issue of solemn,  national importance. The impeachment of a president of the United  States is not a step we take lightly, nor with anything but the  seriousness it demands. But, we take it, because it is our duty to  uphold our oath of office, the Constitution, and the trust that our  constituents and the American people place in us. That is why I am  voting for the articles of impeachment.   President Donald Trump's actions are a dangerous departure from his  oath of office and his duty to uphold the Constitution. As with many of  my colleagues, I was reluctant to call for impeachment because I feared  it would further divide our country, be perceived as overturning the  2016 election, and go to the United States Senate where Republicans  would acquit President Trump regardless of the evidence. But the  President's unchecked actions gave the Congress no other choice.   Today, the House of Representatives is upholding its duty to protect  the Constitution of the United States. Our founders set up a system of  checks and balances, separation of powers, and rule of law so that no  person would be above the law. That includes the President of the  United States. The Constitutional recourse for ``treason, bribery, or  other high crimes and misdemeanors'' is clear: impeachment. It is a  heavy price--intended only for matters of grave consequence to our  republic. President Trump's actions meet that high bar, and that is why  I am voting in favor of the articles of impeachment.   The facts of the case against President Trump are indisputable. On  July 25, 2019, President Trump called Ukrainian President Volodymyr  Zelensky and asked him to ``look into'' 2020 Presidential candidate  Vice President Joe Biden and his son--an investigation solely for his  own personal and political gain. In the weeks leading up to that call,  the President withheld Congressionally-appropriated foreign aid to  Ukraine, as well as a meeting between the two countries' presidents in  the White House, as leverage. The President's abuse of power has been  corroborated before the Congress by brave public servants over the last  few months.   Facing a Congressional investigation into these matters, President  Trump ``directed the unprecedented, categorical, and indiscriminate  defiance of subpoenas issued by the House of Representatives pursuant  to its 'sole Power of Impeachment.''' In doing so, President Trump  obstructed Congress's Constitutionally-authorized investigation.   So, today, I will vote to uphold my responsibility, outlined in the  oath I have taken and the Constitution. I will vote for the articles of  impeachment.   