 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, earlier this year, I introduced a bill  called the Safe COAST Act to protect our coasts from offshore oil and  gas drilling. A vital element of that bill was to protect the offshore  oil and gas operations program. This critical piece of the Safe COAST  Act is offered in this amendment.   As this body may remember, in December 2017, the administration  placed a stop-work order on a critical study of the inspections program  for offshore oil and gas operations, in an attempt to delay the study  and alter its management. The administration later changed its mind and  resumed the study, but it doesn't mean the administration can't change  its mind again and halt it or take away the study from the National  Academy of Sciences and contract it to an oil and gas industry-friendly  entity.   We can't take that chance because this study is too critical. For  example, this study ensures that vital aspects of the Bureau of Safety  and Environmental Enforcement's regulatory mission are being met.   The study would evaluate the Bureau's current risk assessment  inspection process and provide recommendations for its improvement. It  will also evaluate and migrate best practices into the Bureau's  inspection protocols. Lastly, it will assess the potential role of  safety-enhancing technologies, such as remote and real-time monitoring.   In short, it will assess the use of emerging technologies, potential  risks,  [[Page H7632]]  and improved safety and environmental protection practices.   Our coast needs these protections. My amendment will ensure the study  remains operational and in the objective and trustworthy hands of the  National Academy of Sciences.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to help protect our oceans and  support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the bottom line is this administration  cannot be trusted when it comes to protecting the coastline.   This administration already issued a stop order and changed its mind.  Again, there is nothing to prevent this administration from changing  its mind again or, as I mentioned, from taking it away from the  National Academy of Sciences.   This amendment just ensures that the study remains operational and in  the hands of the National Academy of Sciences so that there can't be a  change. This is a protection we need for the coast.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   