 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule, and I thank our  floor manager, my colleague and friend from Pennsylvania,  Representative Scanlon, for so ably guiding this argument.   Mr. Speaker, as the Speaker so eloquently stated yesterday, this is a  dangerous time for our democracy. Our Founding Fathers understood the  importance of whistleblowers as an integral part of the fabric of our  democracy and ensuring the rule of law is upheld.   The first United States whistleblower law which unanimously passed on  July 30, 1778, by the Continental Congress states: ``That it is the  duty of all persons in the service of the United States, as well as all  other the inhabitants thereof, to give the earliest information to  Congress or other proper authority of any misconduct, frauds or  misdemeanors committed by any officers or persons in the service of  these states, which may come to their knowledge.''   The Founding Fathers understood this simple principle--that it is the  duty of all patriotic Americans to not only come forward with  allegations of wrongdoing but to ensure that there is a path that these  allegations be brought to Congress.   Mr. Speaker, what have we learned?   That these principles that our Founding Fathers fought so hard to  enshrine in our democracy are in jeopardy. It is our responsibility,  and it is our duty to restore the faith of the public in our elections  and oversight of all elected officials including and especially our  President.   We know that the memorandum that was released today is only a  memorandum of the conversation between the President and the President  of Ukraine, and it undermines the integrity of his office. The  President has betrayed his oath of office and his fidelity to that oath  by putting himself and his personal and political gain over national  security and the rule of law.   He must provide full details of the whistleblower information to  Congress. He must provide a full transcript or tape of that  conversation with the Ukrainian President. The public deserves it, our  election security relies upon it, and the integrity of the office  demands it.   