 Madam Speaker, this is a sad day in U.S. history when we  have to vote on Articles of Impeachment because Donald Trump has abused  the power of the Office of the Presidency in his attempt to cheat his  way to reelection.   The facts are uncontested.   Fact one: The President abused the power of his office by attempting  to shake down the president of a country that has been our ally. Trump  wanted President Zelensky of Ukraine to dig up and to make up dirt on  Vice President Biden because he sees him as the biggest threat to his  reelection.   Fact two: Trump wanted Zelensky to go before the press and announce  an investigation of Biden hoping the mere announcement would create  doubt about Biden and strengthen Trump's hand in the 2020 election.   Fact three: Trump obstructed Congress by engaging in a coverup. Trump  has refused to comply with congressional subpoenas and has blocked  current and past employees from testifying before congressional  committees.   Congress is a coequal branch of government, and one of our central  responsibilities is to provide oversight and investigation of the  administration--the very checks and balances the Framers built into the  Constitution so no one branch would have unchecked power.   The House of Representatives has no choice but to vote and pass  Articles of Impeachment because President Trump has abused his power  and obstructed the ability of Congress from performing our  constitutional duty. The urgency to move forward with Articles of  Impeachment is because there is no reason to believe President Trump  won't continue to abuse the power of his office, no reason to believe  he won't continue to put his foot on the scale of his reelection, and,  in fact, his attorney just returned from Ukraine, and in an article  just released in The New Yorker magazine confesses to continuing the  effort to interfere in the election.    In many of our congressional districts we worry about voter  suppression and schemes that purge legitimate voters from participating  in the election, or we worry about Russian interference in our  election. It is a sad day in America when we have to worry about the  Commander in Chief interfering in the election in order to be  reelected. Elections should be decided by the American people.   I will vote for both Articles of Impeachment. It is my constitutional  duty to fulfill my oath of office. No one is above the law.   