 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the BRIDGE  Act, which would ensure that all unemployment insurance beneficiaries  could use reemployment service grants to get back to work sooner.  Currently, only unemployed individuals who are likely to exhaust their  unemployment benefits have access to these grants.   I know this change will make an impact in my district. In Pasadena,  California, the Employment Development Department administers this  program, which offers an orientation to dislocated workers. At the  orientations, these clients are given a tour of all the services  available, including partner services under the Workforce Innovation  and Opportunity Act, and they are then able to pick out a service that  best fits their needs.   But this change would allow all individuals to have access to this  program and will help coordinate services better so that staff can help  these individuals so that they don't have to figure it out on their  own, and then more dislocated workers in my community could find work  more quickly.   It would help people like Hector. Just last week, I met with the Los  Angeles Workforce Development Board and they told me his story.   Hector lost his job as an account manager, where he was making $44.71  per hour. This forced him to seek public assistance to make ends meet  for himself and his family.   Through the help of the staff at the East Los Angeles/West San  Gabriel Valley America's Job Center of California, Hector was able to  receive a referral for an interview with the Maintco Corporation and  was provided a bus pass that enabled him to get to the interview. He  was able to quickly secure employment as a finance controller and is  now making $55 an hour, which is $11 more than when he lost his job.   We must pass this bill to make sure that individuals who lose their  jobs are not out of the workforce for too long. I applaud my colleague,  Stephanie Murphy, for introducing this bill, and I urge my colleagues  to vote for it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  the Taxpayer First Act, the first package of IRS reforms that Congress  has considered since 1998.   This bipartisan bill takes broad steps to improve the taxpayer  experience by making the filing process easier and more efficient. It  also strengthens the IRS' ability to combat identity theft and refund  fraud. These are issues that create worry and stress for our  constituents, and I am proud that we are acting swiftly to bring  relief.   This bill also tamps down on the program that allows the IRS to  outsource debt collection to private contractors. These contractors  often use many aggressive tactics to pressure the poorest and most  vulnerable among us, forcing them to make payments even if they can't  afford it. This creates economic hardship for families who would  otherwise qualify for alternative payment plans by the IRS. What is  worse, it costs the U.S. Treasury more than the money it brings in. I  believe it should be abolished for good, but this bill reaches a strong  compromise to ensure the poorest are no longer targeted.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   