 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr.  Levin) so much for yielding.   Madam Speaker, 12 years, we are told that we have 12 years to limit  the effects of climate change on our planet and ensure a better world  for our children, our grandchildren, and future generations to come--12  years.   I mean, it really seems like a long time, but now scientists are  saying that the actions we take in the next 18 months will determine  our ability to meet our climate goals by 2030.   In 18 months, we will experience two more winters and another summer,  each bringing with them more extreme weather and more catastrophic  natural disasters. The stakes are so high.   Less predictable climates produce lower crop yields, drive up the  costs of healthy food; meanwhile, extreme weather events and heat waves  resulting from a changing climate may worsen a growing array of public  health problems like waterborne diseases, asthma, mental illness, heart  disease, stroke, and more.   In Wisconsin, from where I hail, we still remember the deathly chill  of the polar vortex this past winter, matched only in intensity by the  summer's record-setting heat, heavy downpours, and flooding. Our storm  in July produced severe enough damage that several counties across  Wisconsin received Federal disaster relief funding.   But do you know what, Madam Speaker? Disaster funding can help  rebuild communities, but it cannot prevent them from being torn apart  by climate change.   As we debate which urgent actions must be taken within the next 18  months to prevent further decay of our climate, we must work not only  to support a swift transition away from fossil fuels to renewable  energy sources, but also to fortify our communities.   The fact is climate change has a disparate impact on low-income and  minority communities. Indeed, these communities are already  disproportionately impacted by other environmental hazards, and we are  just piling on.   Air pollution from both stationary and mobile sources are a primary  source of environmental health risks, particularly in urban areas. Low- income, high-minority population communities, which unfortunately are  highly segregated, tend to be closer to industrial sources of  pollution, including chemical plants, steel mills, oil refineries, peak  load power plants, and hazardous waste incinerators.   One study found that Blacks, the poor, and people with low  educational attainment were substantially more likely to live within 1  mile of a polluting facility, and that within urban areas, racial  disparities were particularly evident in the Midwest and the West.   As it pertains to our warming climate, another study found that, as  urban areas heat up, so-called urban heat islands, low-income and high- minority communities will boast higher heat indexes during extreme heat  events, thereby compounding the already dire and deadly impacts that  heat waves have on urban populations. Or, just to put it bluntly, the  urban poor in dozens of large U.S. cities will actually experience more  heat than the wealthy simply by virtue of where they live.   With climate change, extreme heat is expected to become more common  and more severe for the poor and already vulnerable communities. This  will likely result in increases in heat-related illnesses, including  cardiovascular and respiratory complications, kidney disease, and can  be especially harmful to outdoor workers, children, our elderly, and  low-income households.   It is also worth mentioning that these communities, which already  suffer resource deficits, cannot simply relocate out of flood zones.  They also face challenges adopting new clean energy technologies.   Now, while this administration continues to fiddle when it comes to  taking the threat of climate change seriously and exercising  leadership, while they ignore the admonition of science that if we  don't do something within the next 18 months we may not be able to  reverse these impacts within 12 years, I will tell you something. In  June, my city of Milwaukee announced a comprehensive action-based plan  to meet the U.S.' commitment under the Paris climate accord, despite  what this administration is doing. We are moving forth to create green  infrastructure and to create jobs.   In August, our Wisconsin Governor, Tony Evers, signed an executive  order aimed at eliminating the use of carbon-based fuel in Wisconsin by  2050. We also created a diverse task force comprised of city and county  officials that will chart a path to reducing greenhouse gas emissions  by 45 percent of 2015 levels by 2030 and eliminate them altogether by  2050, a goal which I wholeheartedly support.   But let's just keep this real, Madam Speaker. While actions by State  and local officials are welcome and necessary, we know they can't do it  alone. On such a vital issue, the Federal Government should not lead  from behind. The Federal Government cannot be missing in action and  absent from the table, and it will be absolutely critical for them to  ensure that we protect and help the most vulnerable populations so that  they have access to adequate healthcare, clean drinking water, healthy  food, quality air, and affordable housing.  [[Page H7821]]    But leading from behind is exactly what this administration is doing.  Besides pulling out of the Paris climate accord without any plan or  alternative for addressing climate change, this administration has  moved to roll back the Obama era Clean Power Plan and other efforts to  address greenhouse gas emissions.   We must not only make sure that we recognize the disparate impacts of  climate change as we act, but we must also bring our most at-risk  citizens to the table and educate them and discuss the actions that we  will take together to address climate change.   We need to do right by our fellow human beings and by our beloved  shared planet and protect ourselves and our planet against the threats  we face today and in the future. Even if this administration wants to  turn its back, this House must not. We must continue to  pass legislation that will help us meaningfully address climate change.    Twelve years from now? Eighteen months from now? How about right now?   