 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Lawrence VanDyke to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the Ninth Circuit.   Mr. VanDyke fits neatly into this administration's pattern of picking  Federal judges for our circuit courts of appeal without meaningful  input from home State Senators. The President continues to select  ideologically extreme nominees like Mr. VanDyke, and the White House is  putting forward people without enough experience for the momentous  roles they have been chosen to serve.   Mr. VanDyke has been nominated to fill a Nevada seat on the Ninth  Circuit even though he is not a Nevadan. He didn't grow up in my State.  He doesn't appear to own property there. He doesn't seem to have family  ties. And he was an active member of the Nevada State bar for only 2  years.   Senator Rosen and I engaged with the White House to put forward  highly respected Nevadans with bipartisan support, but our suggestions  were summarily ignored because the White House was laser-focused on Mr.  VanDyke.   I want to be clear. The administration did not meaningfully consult  about this nomination with Nevada Senators, and the result is a poor  nominee.   First and foremost, I am extremely concerned about the effect that  Lawrence VanDyke's lifetime appointment would have on women's  reproductive rights in America. As Montana's solicitor general, Mr.  VanDyke supported an Arizona abortion ban. In an amicus brief in Horne  v. Isaacson, he contended that the constitutional right to choose  should be revisited. He also defended a Montana law that made it harder  for young women in that State to seek an abortion, and he advocated for  letting corporations sidestep their obligations to provide insurance  coverage for contraception.   Based on this record, I fear that, as a Federal judge, Mr. VanDyke  would limit women's health choices in Nevada and throughout the  country, including their access to birth control.   His record on LGBTQ rights is also dismal. Mr. VanDyke has ties to  two ideologically extreme, anti-LGBTQ groups that the Southern Poverty  Law Center has designated as hate groups. Those are the Alliance  Defending Freedom and the Family Research Council. These ties are  hardly surprising given that Mr. VanDyke has opposed gay rights since  law school, when he wrote an article for the Harvard Law Record. This  is that article: ``One student's response to `A Response to Glendon.'  '' It is dated March 11, 2004, by Lawrence VanDyke. In this article, he  promotes the truth that same-sex marriage would hurt families,  children, and society. This is that article, and this is his quote-- clearly not only his writing but  [[Page S6351]]  his intent and thoughts behind what we have fought for in this country  for LGBTQ rights in America for the last 10 years. What he says is,  ``What is quite settled, however, is that children on average fare best  in stable, two parent families. This, combined with the correlative  evidence of the decline in the family unit in Scandinavia, where de  facto same-sex marriage has been around for about a decade, does  provide ample reason for concern that same-sex marriage will hurt  families and consequentially children and society.'' Those are his own  words.   As solicitor general of Montana, he also strongly criticized LGBTQ  anti-discrimination laws and worked to carve out religious exemptions  to them. When signing Montana on to an amicus brief arguing that a  photography company could refuse to photograph a same-sex wedding, Mr.  VanDyke described the case, which is Elaine Photography v. Willock, as  important because it would establish that ``gay rights cannot always  trump religious liberty.''   What you have here is an email, while he was a solicitor general in  Montana, talking about why this case was important and why it was  important that they sign on to the amicus brief. These are his  arguments, his statements in an email. He said: ``This is an important  case because there is a fairly obvious collision course between  religious freedom and gay rights, and this case (because it is an  extreme case) could be very important in establishing that gay rights  cannot always trump religious liberty.'' These are his own words in an  email from Montana when he was solicitor general.   Throughout his career, he has weakened environmental protections and  standards, as well. Mr. VanDyke has argued in favor of fossil fuel  drilling and supported reviving the Keystone Pipeline, ignoring the  voices of conservationists and Native communities.   His actions do not protect our air and water, nor do they recognize  the impacts of climate change or safeguard endangered species,  including the iconic sage-grouse. In fact, as solicitor general of  Nevada, Mr. VanDyke challenged the Republican Governor he served. He  actively worked against Governor Brian Sandoval's bipartisan agreement  to protect my State's native species. Mr. VanDyke's opposition to land  use restrictions to protect sage-grouse was so extreme that Governor  Sandoval said publicly that Mr. VanDyke's position ``did not represent  the State of Nevada, the governor, or any state agencies.''   With that background, clearly he should not sit on a court with  jurisdiction over the West--home to nearly 75 percent of public lands  in the Nation.   In the areas of reproductive rights, LGBTQ protections, and the  environment, Mr. VanDyke's nomination is so troubling because it is  clear that he puts his ideology above the law. This vacancy should be  filled with a judge who will apply the law to the facts in an unbiased  way--something Mr. VanDyke has proved unwilling to do.   Finally, Mr. VanDyke's professional qualifications are simply  insufficient. He has very little trial and litigation experience. When  he served as Montana solicitor general, his colleagues raised serious  concerns about his work ethic and legal skills. When he ran for the  Montana Supreme Court, six retired judges of that court described him  as ``unqualified.''   As you heard at the confirmation hearings yesterday, the American Bar  Association, which provides ratings for judicial nominees, gave him a  rating of ``not qualified.'' That is worth repeating. The ABA--the  American Bar Association--spoke with 60 lawyers and judges across 4  States and concluded that he wasn't suitable for a position as a judge  on the court of appeals. The people with the objections are his former  colleagues.   As far as records show, not a single Federal judicial nominee has  been appointed to the Federal bench who was lacking both a  ``qualified'' or ``well qualified'' ABA rating and the approval of the  nominee's home state Senators. If confirmed, Mr. VanDyke would be the  very first Federal judge who was judged not qualified and whose blue  slips were not returned by their home State Senators. I don't think  that is a precedent this Chamber should be proud of.   The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals is the last stop for cases that  affect Nevada before they reach the Supreme Court. It is vital that  Ninth Circuit nominees know the State of Nevada and its issues.   This nominee lived in the Silver State for a total of 4 years before  moving to Washington to work at the Department of Justice, where he is  currently. In Nevada, we welcome newcomers, but usually they stay in  our communities. Mr. VanDyke didn't. Rather than continue to serve  Nevadans, he left for a plum job in Washington and is now lobbying for  a lifetime appointment on the Federal bench. This isn't someone who  serves the needs of Nevadans. This isn't someone who knows Nevada or  its issues. This is a career political operative who is looking for a  guaranteed paycheck.   For all of these reasons, I do not believe Lawrence VanDyke deserves  a lifetime appointment to one of the highest courts in the land, which  handles 70,000 critical cases each year. He is not the right person in  whose hands to leave Americans' reproductive freedom, their fundamental  civil rights, and their claim to a free and healthy environment.   I yield the floor.   