 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for  yielding and for bringing this bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 326 which I am proud  to cosponsor. It really is an important resolution affirming the United  States' support for a two-state solution, which has been longstanding  bipartisan consensus for decades. It also makes clear that Congress  opposes any action by the White House to encourage unilateral  annexation of the West Bank.   Mr. Speaker, this resolution is not only needed but it is incredibly  timely. The Trump administration is actively working against a two- state solution and lasting peace at every step, from support for  unilateral annexation of the West Bank to reversal of U.S. policy  toward illegal Israeli settlement expansion which jeopardizes Israeli  security.   This resolution reaffirms the United States' commitment to a lasting  peace in the region which can only be achieved through a negotiated  two-state solution for both Israelis and Palestinians.   For the first time, this resolution includes clear language that the  United States should resume assistance to the Palestinians.   I thank Chairman Price. Let me just say it is an incredibly important  step. I thank Congressman Lowenthal and Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib for  taking a bold step and seeking common ground.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding  and bringing H.R. 4 to this floor.   I would like to thank Congresswoman Terri Sewell for her very  consistent efforts to restore the vote and also our Chairwoman Marcia  Fudge of the Subcommittee on Elections for holding hearings throughout  the country, which actually established the foundation for this bill.   The 1965 Voting Rights Act repaired damage in our communities whose  voting rights were denied. Dr. Martin Luther King once said he saw that  as a great step forward.   However, in 2013, the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act in  the Shelby v. Holder decision. As a result, the Nation saw nearly 20  percent fewer polling locations and 17 million voters purged from  voting rolls in States with patterns of voter suppression. This is  especially true for communities of color, whose votes have been  silenced over the years due to this disastrous Court decision.   Voting is the backbone of our democracy and something that every  American should have the right to access.   I was born and raised in El Paso, Texas, and I vividly remember the  denial of full citizenship of African Americans.   Mr. Speaker, we need a system that is strong, free, and fair. I urge  my colleagues to move forward in a bipartisan way and pass H.R. 4.   