 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4378, a continuing  resolution that will fund the government through November 21.   It is unfortunate that we are here in this situation and have to pass  this CR to keep the government open, but we can't afford an unnecessary  and costly shutdown.   Because the budget agreement did not get enacted until August, the  Senate began working on the fiscal year 2020 appropriations bills only  last week. As a result, there is simply not enough time to complete the  appropriations process by the September 30 deadline.   Passing a short-term CR will allow us the time to complete the fiscal  year 2020 appropriations bills, while ensuring that our military and  law enforcement personnel get paid.   In addition to preventing another shutdown, H.R. 4378 promotes  economic growth, strengthens national security, protects life and  religious liberty, allows us to respond to disasters, and supports  public health programs.   It ensures farmers and ranchers will continue to receive temporary  relief from retaliatory tariffs at a critical time of the year for our  Nation's agricultural industry.   It extends programs that are essential to countering China's  influence over our economic and national security.   It continues all existing pro-life protections from fiscal year 2019  appropriations measures.   It provides a short-term extension of the National Flood Insurance  Program  [[Page H7792]]  and allows FEMA flexibility to respond to disasters.   I would much rather be here today in support of full appropriations  bills, but I have confidence that, with more time, we will be able to  come together to pass full-year appropriations bills that the President  can sign into law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of  this continuing resolution so that we can get to work.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Idaho (Mr. Simpson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Carter).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Fortenberry).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Joyce).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   