 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, my amendment mandates reporting on the  foreign governments with whom we share access to the Terrorist  Screening Database. The database is shared with more than 60 foreign  governments, including countries with appalling human rights records,  such as Saudi Arabia and China.  [[Page H5909]]    An FBI official has acknowledged in sworn testimony that it has never  stopped sharing watch-list information with a foreign government  because of that government's human rights abuses. Many of the people  who are included in the database have never been charged with a crime,  and, yet, we share sensitive information about them with the same  government that murdered Jamal Khashoggi.   I have also received credible reports that there have been Uighurs  added to the database at the request of the Chinese Government. I ask  the Chair to think about that.   There is universal outrage in Washington about the treatment of the  Uighur population in China. What are we talking about?   Let's be clear. These are the precursors to genocide. And while it is  happening, while Members of both sides of the aisle and the Secretary  of State are condemning what is happening, we are allowing the Chinese  Government to add Uighurs to the Terrorist Screening Database. We are  allowing them to track Uighurs in the United States.   This is probably the most appalling aspect of our sharing this  information with governments that violate human rights, but it is not  the only appalling aspect. One thing we know for sure in almost two  decades that we have been fighting the war on terror, is that dictators  have been more than happy to call whoever opposes them a terrorist.   The Saudis, whose family has direct, proven, and clear financial  links to al-Qaida, are given access to this database. The Saudis, who  have rounded up human rights activists, tortured them, mass executed  them, and claiming they are terrorists, get to add people on this list.  It is entirely possible that they get to add American citizens to this  list.   This isn't compatible with a free society. It isn't compatible with  our essential concepts of civil liberties. It is important to note that  the evidentiary standard for being placed in the database is very low.  The government only needs reasonable suspicion that someone is involved  in terrorism, which is not even enough to charge someone with a crime.   It is also significant that individuals added to this database are  not informed of their placements and have suffered preventable harms as  a result.   So my amendment asks some basic questions, questions that we as  Members of Congress have not only a right to, but a responsibility to  ask.   I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. If they are concerned  about civil liberties, they should be concerned about this. If they are  concerned about human rights abroad, they should be concerned about  this. And no matter how they feel about the database itself, this  amendment asks that we need answers in order to make informed decisions  about our national security policy.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Schiff), the chairman.    Madam Chair, I am thankful to the chairman and ranking  member for their support, and with that, I yield back the balance of my  time   