 Madam President, first, I want to congratulate the  senior Senator from Iowa and say what a wonderful story that is about  his mom. And to see a picture like that--it is such an inspiring story.  He certainly has a lot to be proud of in many, many ways.   I say to the Senator, now I know more about you, knowing that you had  such a smart and strong mom. That tells me a lot. Thank you for sharing  that.   I rise with two short topics today. First, I, too, want to  commemorate the 100th anniversary of the passage of the 19th Amendment  granting women the right to vote. Even more so, I rise today to  celebrate the brave and determined women who fought so hard and for so  long for our right to make our voices heard.   I remember coming into the U.S. Senate in 2000 and finding out that  it wasn't until 2001--the first year I was here--that we actually had  enough women in the Senate to have one woman on every committee, a  woman's voice on every committee. It is incredible, actually, that it  took until 2001. But this was an important milestone at the time, as  together we have been able to achieve many different milestones for  women's voices, and we see that continuing to happen.   I want to speak specifically about Catharine Fish Stebbins, a woman  from Detroit who was one of those women who fought so hard at the very  beginning and on whose shoulders we really stand. She may not have been  as well known, but she was a suffragist and an abolitionist. She signed  the Declaration of Sentiments at the first women's rights convention in  Seneca Falls in 1848.   One of the resolutions in that document said: ``It is the duty of the  women of this country to secure to themselves their sacred right to  elective franchise,'' and she took that very seriously.   In 1871, accompanied by her husband, Catharine tried to register to  vote. She was told no. She tried again, this time accompanied by a  friend who lived in another ward. That friend, Nannette B. Gardner,  argued that she was a widow and a taxpayer and that she should be  allowed to register. But Catharine was once again told no.   In 1872, she tried to register again. This time, she was told no, but  she did get election officials to admit that, in their words, ``Mrs.  Stebbins would have all the required qualification of an elector, but  for the fact of her being a woman.''   Catharine never did get to cast a ballot before she died in 1904. Yet  I believe she would be extremely proud of how far we have come as a  country and how far we have come in Michigan.   Last November, Michigan elected a woman Governor--our second woman to  be elected Governor--a woman secretary of state, a woman attorney  general, reelected a woman to the U.S. Senate, and elected three new  women Members of the U.S. House of Representatives. It was  extraordinary.   That is progress, but in my mind, the real progress was that being  women wasn't the story. We didn't win because of the novelty of having  all of these women running for statewide office. We didn't win thanks  to some ``pink wave'' that was talked about in the press. We didn't win  because we focused on ``women's issues'' because, as we know, every  issue is a woman's issue. Instead, each of us won because we were  strong and qualified candidates who earned our nominations and ran  forward-looking and positive campaigns focused on issues important to  Michigan families. Everyone was judged on their own. People weren't  talking about our gender and whether it was OK to have women in all of  these top positions; instead, they were talking about our  qualifications and who was the best candidate. To me, that is truly  historic.   There is no question we still have a long way to go. Women now make a  quarter of this Chamber. We are one out of four--a historic high. I  think Catharine would agree with me that it should be at least 50  percent. That would be a good goal. I think we are maybe 54 percent of  the voting population; that is good too.   On this 100th anniversary of women's right to vote, I am celebrating  how far we have come and the women, like Catharine, who worked so very  hard to get us here. Even more important, I think we all should  recommit ourselves to the fight to move forward.   