 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  yielding this afternoon, and I thank the ranking member of the  committee for his support of a very, very important bill for our  veterans, the Homeless Veteran Families Act.   As a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I believe that it is  absolutely critical that veterans and their families receive the  housing support they need simply to get back on their feet.  [[Page H8136]]    Since 1994, the VA's Homeless Providers Grant and Per Diem Program  has provided homeless veterans with community-based transitional  housing and supportive services. This program funds community agencies  that provide such services to homeless veterans.   In fiscal year 2017 alone, the VA funded 600 community sites that  provided housing to more than 23,000 veterans through the use of over  12,000 transitional housing beds nationwide.   Unfortunately, many homeless veterans with children are unable to  obtain transitional housing and the support assistance they need under  the homeless grant program because housing providers only receive  payments from the VA for the veteran but not for any minor dependents  with their families.   Because housing a family requires more resources and beds, many  housing providers have been unable to house homeless families without  additional financial support. This problem has resulted in the lack of  access to very needed supportive housing and services for veterans with  children because the veteran is forced to choose between getting their  own housing assistance and services or caring for their minor dependent  child or children.   The VA has previously stated that approximately 8 percent of veterans  who entered grant per diem housing programs, and who had a full  assessment completed within 30 days prior to admission, had either full  or partial legal custody of their children. This was estimated to be  2,500 children in fiscal year 2017.   No veteran should be forced to choose between housing and much-needed  services or caring for their children. However, current law limits the  VA's authority to reimburse housing providers for the additional costs  associated with sheltering the dependent children of our homeless  veterans.   My bill, which we are voting on today, would provide for a partial  per diem for each minor child who is receiving services through this  program. This partial per diem would be an amount equal to 50 percent  of the daily cost of care. This would ensure that veterans and their  children are able to obtain the housing and services needed to help  them achieve residential stability; give them the opportunity to  increase their skill level and income; and, ultimately, obtain greater  self-determination and self-worth.    Mr. Speaker, providing housing to our  Nation's homeless veterans is an essential first step and critical to  everything in a veteran's life, including getting the healthcare they  have earned, taking advantage of veteran education benefits, getting a  job, and having the quality of life they have earned and deserved--and  what our country has promised.   Passage of this legislation will benefit veterans of all eras and  their minor children who are struggling and suffering with  homelessness.   My bill has over 300 cosponsors, which is indicative of the  bipartisan support for addressing this important and time-sensitive  issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and  I thank the chairman for bringing my bill to the floor.   