 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 9, the  Climate Action Now Act. The Paris Agreement codified what many across  the world already knew must be done to meaningfully address our most  serious environmental challenge: climate change. Four years ago, 190  countries came together to make a commitment. Now, however, the United  States stands alone in its intent to withdraw from it.   Establishing a commitment to action, not for some, but for all  countries, is the first step towards limiting the worst effects of a  changing climate. Scientific reports like the Fourth National Climate  Assessment and the IPCC's Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5  Degrees, both released at the end of last year, summarized 50 years of  scientific evidence. These reports concluded that every bit of warming  matters, for our economies, for our families, and for public health.   I cosponsored H.R. 9 because it represents a simple, bold, and  achievable goal. It lays out common-sense steps that will lead to a  healthier environment, because acting on climate change is not only an  environmental imperative, but a public health and economic one as well.   Without action, climate change will be costly. With the right signals  from the federal government, however, addressing climate change can  also lead to business opportunities. This  [[Page H3378]]  bill sends a signal to the private sector that a stable framework for  action will be put in place, enabling private actors to invest,  innovate, and inspire further action.   It promotes the transition to a clean economy. And perhaps, most  importantly, it sends a strong and much needed signal to the rest of  the world about the seriousness of the United States in addressing  climate change. It restores meaningful international engagement.   The United States has been a leader in global initiatives on climate  solutions before and should be again. This Congress my colleagues and I  have worked to re-establish the U.S.'s climate leadership. On the  Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, we have held hearings  examining the findings of major climate reports, discussing the  warming, deoxygenation, and acidification of our oceans, and how our  interconnected energy and water systems are stressed by a changing  climate. The House Science Committee has marked up four bipartisan  bills that address ocean acidification, as well as the Energy and Water  Research Integration Act, which I reintroduced with my colleague and  Ranking Member of the House Science Committee, Mr. Lucas. It instructs  the Department of Energy to incorporate the consideration of water use  and treatment into all of its relevant research, development, and  demonstration programs. We hope to continue the momentum of discussion  and action on climate change, and urge my colleagues to support passage  of this bill.   