 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I join my colleagues on the Senate floor  to discuss William Barr, President Trump's nominee to serve as  America's next Attorney General.   The Attorney General's job is to defend the U.S. Constitution against  all enemies, foreign or domestic, and to stand up for the rights of all  Americans, but President Trump has a different view of the Attorney  General's role. He has made it quite clear that he is not interested in  an Attorney General who is committed to working for the American  people. For President Trump, only two criteria matter when it comes to  picking an Attorney General.   No. 1 is loyalty to President Trump. William Barr easily checks this  box. Just look at the Mueller investigation. As Special Counsel  Mueller's team investigates whether there are connections between  Russia's meddling in the U.S. elections and the Trump campaign and  indicts more and more people with close ties to the President,  President Trump has viciously attacked the investigation, calling it a  ``witch hunt.''   Trump was not pleased that his first pick for Attorney General, Jeff  Sessions, recused himself from the Mueller investigation. He doesn't  want to make the same mistake twice. In Barr, the President has found  someone he believes will put the President's interests above those of  the country, and it is not hard to see why.   Barr has taken extraordinary steps to undermine the Mueller  investigation, even voluntarily submitting an unsolicited memo to the  Justice Department arguing that the special counsel doesn't have the  power to investigate Trump for obstruction of justice. Man, that is  quite the cover letter for a job application when the job is overseeing  the very investigation you don't think should exist in the first place.   Loyalty to President Trump--check.   The second criterion for President Trump when picking an Attorney  General or any nominee to serve in the  [[Page S1184]]  highest levels of the Federal Government is whether the nominee will  continue to tilt our government further and further in favor of the  powerful few over everyone else.   Once again, Barr checks the box. Barr's record on women's rights,  criminal justice reform, immigration, and so many more issues shows  that he will promote the interests of the powerful few instead of  defending the rights of all.   Take women's rights. Barr believes Roe v. Wade--the Supreme Court  case establishing the right to abortion care--was wrongly decided and  should be overturned. He also joined the amicus brief arguing that  employers should be allowed to deny women access to contraceptive care  based on employers' religious beliefs.   On criminal justice reform, Barr has endorsed harmful policies that  have perpetuated America's broken criminal justice system. While  serving as Attorney General in the early 1990s, the Justice Department  issued a report arguing that the United States had an under- incarceration problem--that we put too few people in jail in this  country--and Barr has personally made many statements in line with that  misguided approach. He has argued that children should be prosecuted as  adults. Despite the fact that Black people are arrested, prosecuted,  convicted, and more harshly sentenced than their White counterparts for  exactly the same crimes, Barr has denied that racial disparities exist  in the criminal justice system and has championed discriminatory  sentencing policies.   On immigration, Barr supported the first and harshest iteration of  President Trump's unconstitutional and immoral Muslim ban. In his stint  as Attorney General in the 1990s, he advocated for denying political  asylum to Haitian asylum seekers who happened to be HIV positive.   On healthcare, Barr has argued that the Affordable Care Act is  unconstitutional.   On LGBTQ equality, he has opposed efforts to promote LGBTQ equality.   The list goes on and on. There is no doubt that if confirmed, Barr  would continue the same broken system that protects the wealthy and  well-connected while it leaves everyone else behind.   The President doesn't hide what he wants from an Attorney General. He  wants someone who will put protecting the President ahead of protecting  our Constitution and someone who will help maintain America's two very  different justice systems--one that protects and coddles the wealthy  and the powerful and another harsh, unjust system for everyone else.   Barr's record shows that he is not the Attorney General America  desperately needs--an Attorney General who will stand up for the rule  of law and for the rights of all Americans. That is why I will vote no  on Barr's nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   