 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the  quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the  nomination of Chad Readler to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.   This nomination, if confirmed, would be advanced without the support  of one of his home State Senators, and it deliberately ignores Senate  precedent that has historically respected Senators' ability to identify  nominees that best fit the needs of their State.   In his current position at the Department of Justice, Chad Readler  led the legal briefs for some of the Department's most extreme  positions.   He defended President Trump's travel ban, led efforts to end DACA,  supported the inclusion of a citizenship question on the 2020 census,  suggested that the structure of the CFPB was unconstitutional, and  argued that businesses should be able to refuse services to same-sex  couples.   Mr. Readler also led the DOJ's legal brief for the Texas v. U.S.  lawsuit, arguing against the Affordable Care Act's protections for  people with preexisting conditions, even while three other career  attorneys at the DOJ refused to do so.   Think about that for a second. This nominee took up his pen and  drafted a legal opinion at the Department of Justice that stated it was  fine for his Department not to defend the law--a law that protects  millions of Americans' access to the critical healthcare they need.   If that weren't enough to shock the conscience, Mr. Readler's  nomination to the Sixth Circuit judgeship was announced the same day  the brief was filed.   Is that a coincidence? Maybe, but since three other career lawyers at  the Department of Justice resigned rather than draft this brief and  violate their duty to the law, I think it is fairly obvious.   This administration has made it crystal clear that Mr. Readler was  chosen because of his willingness to dismantle the ACA and completely  eliminate critical protections that ensure seniors, kids, and families  in Nevada and across this country are able to get health insurance,  regardless of whether they have a previous medical condition. For many  Americans, denying vital healthcare protections and access to care is  truly a matter of life and death.   President Trump and Republican leaders have promised to sabotage our  healthcare from day one, and this nomination is another example in a  long line of legislation, nominations, and Executive actions aimed at  ripping away healthcare coverage from hard-working families in Nevada  and across the country.   The Affordable Care Act is, quite simply, the law of the land. Its  patient protections have wide bipartisan support, as evidenced by  Congress's inability to pass ACA repeal. Since its inception, over  400,000 Nevadans have gained healthcare coverage, including 158,000  children. Tens of million more Americans across the country have gained  access to affordable health insurance, prescription drug coverage,  mental health services, and preventive care.    The ACA's provisions have also guaranteed that over 1.2 million  Nevadans with preexisting conditions will not be denied coverage  because insurance companies deem them ``too risky'' to cover.   We cannot go back to the day when women, veterans, cancer survivors,  and children with disabilities were charged more for healthcare or were  flatout denied coverage.   Americans need us to work together to defend their access to quality  and affordable healthcare, not just in Nevada but across this country.  Yet Mr. Readler has shown us that he would instead take us backward,  unravelling more than a decade of progress and wreaking potential havoc  on our economy.   This nominee has demonstrated that he is willing to carry water for  this President's political interests and not serve in the best interest  of Americans.   I oppose Mr. Readler's nomination because Americans deserve a judge  who respects the rule of law and interprets the law based on statute,  not the political needs of this or any administration.   I oppose this nominee because Senate Republican leaders are trying to  jam him through without the support of one of his home State Senators,  which is a direct attack on our constitutional role as U.S. Senators to  advise and consent.   I want my colleagues to know that a vote in support of his nomination  is a vote in support of unleashing chaos on the American health system,  eliminating preexisting condition protections, and one that would  result in millions more uninsured.   Mr. Readler is a dangerous choice, who has a long track record of  supporting the most extreme legal positions, which makes him unfit to  sit on any court, much less one whose decisions will impact millions of  Americans.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   