 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank Chairwoman Lofgren today for having supported such an amazing  body of work and for also supporting this amendment.   I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 4617, which helps  secure our elections by holding Americans who help foreigners funnel  money into our elections more accountable.   Throughout our history, people have fought for the right to vote, and  our men and women in uniform have died to protect that right. Being an  American is a privilege, and the right for  [[Page H8434]]  every American to cast their ballot is sacred. It is part of our duty,  and it is part of our duty in Congress, to protect that right. That is  why I am encouraging my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support my amendment.   Foreign money in our elections is an assault on the American  electorate and on the democracy that our forefathers built. Americans  who help foreign actors meddle in our elections must be held  accountable under the law.   To vote against my amendment is, therefore, to condone the actions of  Americans who act against the interests of our country and who help  foreigners undermine our elections.   I believe I speak for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle when I  say this body is committed to defending our country's democratic  processes. This need not be partisan because there is nothing more  fundamentally American than protecting our most sacred right, the right  to vote, from all foreign interference.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I will take it as the deepest compliment  from my colleague, Mr. Davis, that he says that my amendment is wonky  since I believe that is our responsibility here in Congress, to  legislate and to develop good policy.   I will also take that back to the working group that was a bipartisan  working group that developed this amendment with me, the bipartisan  Task Force Sentry, which really worked very hard to find a way to make  sure that we would codify what was already being practiced by the FEC.   This doesn't give the FEC any more power. It simply gives the power  to us to be able to actually criminalize people by defining what it  means to support foreign interference.   I believe that this amendment does speak for itself, and I am very,  very grateful for the compliments of how this is a policy wonk's dream.  I will go ahead and interpret the gentleman's words.   I very much would encourage Americans to understand why we need to  prevent funneling foreign money into our elections.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   