 HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman  from Illinois for yielding time to me to speak on this important topic.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of this amendment today which directs  the Secretary of Health and Human Services to study the relationship  between domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, or stalking  experience and the likelihood of developing a substance use disorder.   This information is critical. If we are going to make smart policy,  we must take an evidence-based approach. We must understand the nature  and impact of trauma to best serve those who have suffered.   We know traumatic experiences, such as domestic violence, are  associated with behavioral conditions, including substance abuse; and  we know that these behavioral health conditions are also associated  with collective trauma. The full impact of trauma is only now beginning  to be understood as tools such as the Adverse Childhood Experiences  Score, or ACES, begin to inform this.   As the gentleman from Illinois mentioned, broadening our  understanding will weaken stigma. Far too often, social stigma silences  both domestic violence survivors and those suffering from substance use  disorders. We must empower them, not further traumatize them.   To reduce this stigma, we have to continue to talk about these  issues, educate ourselves about these issues, and support those who are  struggling with them. This amendment and, more broadly, this bill is an  important step towards fulfilling that responsibility.   Reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act reaffirms and expands  protections for women everywhere. It improves services available to  survivors, empowers local law enforcement to protect their communities,  prevents stalkers and abusers from obtaining firearms, and strengthens  protections against discrimination in housing and the workplace-- because everyone, everywhere deserves a life free from abuse.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, so we  can better protect and treat those who have experienced unspeakable  suffering, and to support the reauthorization of the Violence Against  Women Act.   