 Madam President, I want to talk today about Kyle  Bailey from Sparks, NV. Kyle is 27 years old, and he is an amazing  success story. He was born with cystic fibrosis, a genetic condition  that affects the lungs and digestive system, making it hard to breathe  normally or absorb nutrients.   Cystic fibrosis has no cure, so patients like Kyle spend hours every  day on treatments to keep themselves as healthy as possible. With good  medical care and lifesaving medications, he has been able to live a  full life, creating music and artwork. He is engaged to be married.   Yet Kyle lives in fear. He is afraid he will lose his health  insurance and coverage for treatments that keep him alive. That could  happen if the Republican Party succeeds in its latest attempt to use  the courts to attack the Affordable Care Act and to end its protections  for preexisting conditions.   Just today, a Federal appeals court has heard more arguments about  whether the ACA is constitutional. On one side are patients like Kyle;  on the other side are the Trump administration and 18 Republican State  attorneys general, who all want the court to strike down the Affordable  Care Act.   We have seen it before. The Republicans have tried to defeat the ACA  in Congress and in the courts over 100 times, and each time they have  failed because the American people have raised their voices and said:  Stop. We want our healthcare coverage.   But just because the ACA survived those attacks doesn't mean it is  safe. It is especially scary for those who gained coverage and peace of  mind thanks to the Affordable Care Act's strong safeguards for  patients.   One of the most important parts of the ACA is its guaranteed  protections for people with preexisting conditions. Insurers used to be  able to discriminate against people because of their medical history.  They would weed out people who were born with genetic conditions, like  Kyle, or people who had gotten seriously ill, like Ivy Batmale from  Incline Village. At 5 years old, Ivy was diagnosed with acute  lymphoblastic leukemia, one of the most common childhood cancers. Ivy  beat leukemia, but the years of harsh therapy triggered a reaction that  affected her legs. Ivy was told that she would never walk again. She  spent years in wheelchairs undergoing surgery and other treatments.   With costly therapies, Ivy got better. This spring, she and her  family marched into breakfast with me right here on Capitol Hill to  advocate for childhood cancer research. But Ivy, like other childhood  cancer survivors, has had lingering health conditions over the course  of her life and will need careful monitoring until she is 40 years old.  That is why if Republicans give insurance companies the choice,  insurers will either refuse to cover people like Ivy and Kyle or they  will charge sky-high rates. The ACA keeps the insurance companies from  doing that. If judges strike down the ACA, people like Ivy and Kyle  will be endangered through absolutely no fault of their own.   Some people may hear stories about Kyle and Ivy and think, well, that  is very sad, but it can't affect that many people. That is wrong. In  Nevada alone, in 2015, 1.2 million people under 65 had preexisting  conditions. That is half of the nonelderly residents of the State.   A preexisting condition could be as rare as childhood cancer or as  common as pregnancy. That means every other Nevadan can face increased  insurance rates if the ACA is struck down.   I have met families at roundtables across the Silver State whose kids  are some of the 44,000 Nevada children with asthma. Just last week in  Las Vegas, I talked to 12-year-old Joey Douglas. Joey's asthma often  keeps him from school and sometimes lands him in the hospital for days.  He told me that even when he is struggling to breathe, his biggest  concern is whether his mom will be able to pay his medical bills. These  kinds of worries are the reason that when Kyle wrote to me, he asked me  to speak out for people who don't have a voice in healthcare policy in  this country--people who are afraid that losing the ACA could mean  losing protections that have allowed them to grow up, start a family,  follow their passions, and live their lives to the fullest.   Today and every day I am here to fight for people like Kyle and Ivy  and countless Nevadans like them. I have repeatedly urged the President  and Department of Justice to come down on the side of patients in the  Texas case. I have cosponsored legislation to get rid of junk  healthcare plans that let insurance companies make an end run around  ACA protections for people with preexisting conditions, and I am  committed to protecting and strengthening the ACA for all Americans but  especially for people like Kyle, Ivy, and Joey.   So I am calling on this President and Republicans in Congress to do  what we can to make sure that the Affordable Care Act is not repealed  and that we are fighting for healthcare insurance for everyone.   I yield the floor.   