 Mr. Chair, I thank my friend for yielding.   I have left the chair, where I had been presiding, to speak on my  bill, which is included in H.R. 7. My bill is Pay Equity for All, to  bar an employer from asking about a person's prior pay.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank all of you who have led this bill to where  we are today. I also am very much for the bill in which my bill is  included, H.R. 7, which includes class actions, for example, the  clarification for which has been most needed.   Expanding this bill is personal for me. I was the first woman to  chair the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and enforce the Equal  Pay Act, expanding it during my term at the commission.   I, therefore, am very grateful to my good friend Rosa DeLauro, a  great champion of equal pay, for including my Pay Equity for All Act in  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, many employers may not recognize that they are  discriminating against women because they may not intentionally do so.  But setting wages based on salary history is routinely done in the  workplace, perhaps even by some in the Congress, and it reinforces the  wage gap and may be the most important reason for the persistence of  the wage gap that we have been unable to unlock.   What it means is that historically disadvantaged groups--women and  minorities in particular--often start their careers with unfair and  artificially low wages compared to their White male counterparts. This  then gets imbedded--this discrimination--and compounded throughout  their careers, so they never catch up with their male counterparts.   Job offers ought to be based on an applicant's skill and merit, not  past salary or salary history.   My bill keeps an employer from asking applicants for their salary  history or their salary in the last job during the interview process or  as a condition of employment.   One study has shown, if you don't ask this question, wages are set at  9 percent higher. Therefore, this bill is a very important component of  bridging the wage gap.   