 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks  on H.R. 2534 and to insert extraneous material thereon.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chairwoman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2534, the Insider  Trading Prohibition Act, introduced by the gentleman from Connecticut,  Representative  Jim Himes.   This long overdue bill creates a clear definition of illegal insider  trading under the securities laws so that there is a codified,  consistent standard for courts and market participants to better  protect the hard-earned savings of millions of Americans and bring  certainty to the U.S. securities market.   For nearly 80 years, the Securities and Exchange Commission--that is,  the SEC--has sought to hold corporate insiders accountable for insider  trading through general statutory antifraud provisions and rules it has  promulgated under those provisions. This has resulted in a web of court  decisions that generally prohibit insiders with a duty of trust and  confidence to a corporation from secretly trading on material,  nonpublic corporate information for their own personal gain.   These insiders are also generally prohibited from tipping outsiders,  known as tippees, who then trade on the information themselves, even  though they know it was wrongfully obtained.   But, because there isn't a statutory definition of ``insider  trading,'' there is uncertainty around who is subject to insider  trading prohibitions; and, with various court decisions, liability for  this type of violation has shifted.   For example, in 2014, an appeals court added a brand-new requirement  that the tippee must not just know that information was wrongfully  disclosed but must also know about the specific personal benefit that  the insider received.   This decision has severely hampered the SEC's ability to prosecute  insider trading cases and, according to Preet Bharara, the former U.S.  attorney for the Southern District of New York ``provides a virtual  roadmap for savvy hedge fund managers to insulate themselves from  tippee liability by knowingly placing themselves at the end of a chain  of insider information and avoiding learning details about the sources  of obvious confidential and improperly disclosed information.''  [[Page H9272]]    So I am pleased that this bill codifies existing case law and  overturns this new controversial requirement, creating a clear,  consistent standard for the SEC, the courts, and market participants to  follow, and does so in a way that, as Columbia Law School professor  John Coffee testified before one of our subcommittees, ``expands  liability in ways that should not be controversial.''   I would like to commend Representative Himes for his efforts since  the bill was marked up in May in committee to ensure that it fairly  reflects existing law. In addition to extensive outreach to current and  former regulators and prosecutors, investor advocates, and  institutional investors, Mr. Himes also repeatedly engaged with our  colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle.    As a result, Ranking Member McHenry will offer an amendment which  will remove unnecessary ambiguities, clarify the intent of the bill to  reflect existing insider trading case law, and ensure that the bill  preserves the SEC's ability to bring bad actors to justice under other  related insider trading laws.   I plan to support this amendment as a reasonable bipartisan  compromise, so I urge all Members to support this commonsense bill that  makes the definition of illegal trading very clear for all so that the  SEC can effectively crack down on corporate insiders who illegally  trade on inside information.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Himes), the chair of the Strategic  Technologies and Advanced Research Subcommittee of the Permanent Select  Committee on Intelligence, and a valued member of the Financial  Services Committee.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself the remainder of my time.   Madam Chairwoman, H.R. 2534, the Insider Trading Prohibition Act, is  a long overdue piece of legislation that simply spells out the  definition of illegal insider trading under the securities laws. It  creates clarity for participants in financial markets and empowers the  SEC to punish bad actors.    As we have discussed, this bill is supported by groups, including the  Council of Institutional Investors, the California State Teachers'  Retirement System, the North American Securities Administrators  Association, Healthy Markets, and Public Citizen.   Madam Chair, I thank the ranking member, Mr. McHenry, for his very  kind comments. I thank him for his cooperation. I thank him for  recognizing that it is possible to have bipartisan legislation. And I  thank him for recognizing that Mr. Himes has worked very hard to ensure  that he would have this as bipartisan legislation, rather than simply  having the Democrats try to run roughshod over the opposite side of the  aisle to get this done.   I urge all Members to vote ``yes'' on this important bill. Madam  Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H9275]]     Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   First, I thank Ranking Member McHenry for offering this amendment to  H.R. 2534 to help further ensure that this commonsense bill codifies  the law against insider trading in a fair manner.   When we marked up the bill in committee in May, I understood that my  Republican colleagues had several concerns with the bill but  nevertheless voiced their support in hopes of having those concerns  addressed before the bill made its way to the House floor.   At the end of the day, those concerns amounted to wanting additional  clarity that H.R. 2534 reflected the current judge-made law against  insider trading, aside from the controversial 2014 appeals court  decision that has been subject to criticism from many sides.   After months of discussion with the bill's sponsor, Representative  Himes, Ranking Member McHenry has crafted this amendment to do just  that. In particular, the amendment would clarify that the existing law  that requires the SEC to establish some personal benefit to a tipper in  cases involving tipper and tippee liability; clarify that the material,  nonpublic information that forms the basis of liability may be related  to either a specific security or to any security if that information  would have or reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the  market price of that security; and remove the rule of construction to  avoid confusion and ambiguity and to ensure that this act is not the  exclusive means by which the SEC, the Department of Justice, or private  litigants may pursue insider trading.   If the amendment is accepted, I believe that the bill would provide  the SEC with clear additional authority to bring to justice corporate  insiders and others who take unfair advantage of confidential  information. In addition, because the bill uses the same terms  identified in the current case law against insider trading, the SEC and  market participants can easily understand what those terms mean.   Again, Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member McHenry for strengthening  the bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Himes), the sponsor of this important legislation.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose Representative Huizenga's  amendment that replaces the bill's standard of illegal insider trading  while ``aware of'' material, nonpublic information with trading while  ``using'' material, nonpublic information.   This narrower standard is inconsistent with current law, would  severely weaken the bill, and would create substantial enforcement  hurdles to the benefit of bad actors and to the detriment of the SEC.   If the amendment is adopted, the SEC would have to prove that the  reason the defendant traded was because of a specific piece of  information. That means that the SEC would have a hard time proving its  case in court unless it had an email from a defendant explaining his  motive for trading. Not many bad actors engaging in illegal insider  trading are that dumb.   Moreover, such a change would benefit insider traders at hedge funds  or other market intelligence firms because they would merely have to  tell the judge that they had other reasons or data to support their  trade.   The SEC's existing rule 10b-5 clearly states that the appropriate  standard is awareness. Changing it to ``use,'' as Representative  Huizenga's amendment would do, dramatically and substantially weakens  the SEC's authority to prosecute insider trading.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to reject the amendment offered by  Mr. Huizenga.   Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  Connecticut (Mr. Himes), the sponsor of this important legislation.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   