 Madam Speaker, let me thank Chairman Bishop  for bringing forth this bill and for his tremendous leadership.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the fiscal 2019  Agriculture appropriations bill, which provides more than $23 billion  to partially reopen the government. This critical bill would ensure  that struggling families do not go hungry.   Madam Speaker, there are 38 million families who rely on SNAP food  stamps to help put food on the table. And while USDA has said they will  pay for SNAP and WIC in February, there is no guarantee for families in  March. Let's be clear. We are talking about 38 million Americans going  hungry.   Already, SNAP benefits are woefully insufficient to feed a family. No  one can make a meal off of $1.40 a meal, and now families may be left  with nothing.   Madam Speaker, contrary to what President Trump says, food banks and  charities cannot make up the difference. They are already struggling  with the volume of need in our communities throughout the country. This  is simply immoral.   I am reminded of a very difficult period when I was a young, single  mother raising two little boys and had to rely on food stamps to get my  family through some very difficult, tough times. It was a bridge over  troubled water. That lifeline should be there for all families all of  the time.   Our billionaire President may not know what it is like to choose  between putting food on the table or gas in the car, but I tell you, I  do.   And forcing the choice on families because of a manufactured showdown  is unconscionable. So let's pass the bill to reopen the government.  Let's get Federal employees back to work, and get them the paychecks  they need.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and  ``yes'' to reopen the government. The American people deserve no less.    Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairman  Price for his leadership on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the FY 2019 Transportation  and Housing Appropriations Bill, which provides more than $71 billion  to partially re-open the government.   Families living in housing supported by the Department of Housing and  Urban Development (HUD) deserve to know they will have a roof over  their heads.   This bill will ensure that struggling families are not evicted from  their homes because of the Trump Administration's incompetence and  cruelty.   There was a report this week that thousands of families could be  evicted because HUD officials forgot about Section 8 contracts that  expired last month.   Let me reiterate: families could become homeless--in the middle of  winter--because these Trump officials couldn't keep track of this  program.   Mr. Speaker, this is just downright unacceptable. And it's hurting  people across the country.   Im my home district, renovations on an affordable housing project  have been put on hold because of this shutdown.   There is an affordable housing crisis in this country, Mr. Speaker. A  delay in projects like this will mean fewer people have a place to rest  their heads at night.   These families deserve better.   Mr. Speaker, the Trump shutdown is hurting real families and it's  hurting our economy.   Let's pass this bill to reopen the government, and make sure families  can stay in their homes.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    