 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.  Res. 517, which I have proudly cosponsored. This resolution reaffirms  our nation's commitment to fight AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria. Amid  the worldwide progress that has been made to counter these diseases, it  is critical that we maintain our financial contribution to the Global  Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.   As the first registered nurse elected to Congress, I wholeheartedly  support the funding of efforts to prevent and eradicate infectious  diseases. The Global Fund is the world's largest supporter of  prevention, treatment, and care programs for AIDS, tuberculosis, and  malaria. With these investments, it has decreased the number of AIDS- related deaths by half since 2005, contributed to a 37 percent decline  in tuberculosis deaths from 2000 to 2016, and facilitated a 60 percent  decline in the number of malaria deaths since 2000.   On behalf of families and young children across the world, it is our  duty to advance the resources needed to address health in all our  communities. We must maintain our longstanding commitment to the Global  Fund. This is a critical commitment to saving lives, averting new  cases, and increasing the ability of people around the world to  withstand life-threatening but preventable diseases.    Madam Speaker, historically Black Colleges and  Universities (HBCU's) have played an important role in our nation's  history. These places of higher education have given opportunities to  millions of young people to get a quality postsecondary education. Many  of these students are the first in their family to attend college. I am  proud to say that one of these institutions, Paul Quinn College, is  located within my district.   Currently, the top priority for HBCU's is to ensure they have the  resources needed to prepare students for a competitive, globalized  workforce. The FUTURE Act, which passed in this chamber some time ago,  does exactly that. The bill reauthorizes critical funding for all  Minority Serving Institutions (MSI's) for the next two years. Sadly,  like most of the legislation that has passed the House of  Representatives this Congress, the Senate refuses to do their job and  vote on this noncontroversial bipartisan bill.   The College Affordability Act, which was introduced in October, would  go beyond what the FUTURE Act does and provides HBCU's more flexibility  so that they can strengthen their endowments, academic quality, and  institutional management. The College Affordability Act also provides  states with incentives to lower the cost for students to obtain a  quality college education by raising the maximum amount for Pell Grants  and simplifying the student loan repayment program. These two bills are  great examples of what we should strive for to guarantee the best  outcome for students attending HBCU's and other MSI's.   Madam Speaker, We need to make sure our higher education system  serves all the students that hope to receive a degree. Historically  Black Colleges and Universities along with other Minority Serving  institutions play a vital role for African Americans and other minority  students. We need to continue passing legislation that provides true  educational opportunities for those who desire to learn and are unable  to afford it.   