 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am pleased that the Senate is  beginning debate on the fiscal year 2020 appropriations bill for the  Departments of Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and  related agencies. This bill has been included in the appropriations  package that has just now been brought before this Chamber.   Let me begin my remarks by thanking Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman  Leahy for their bipartisan leadership in advancing these appropriations  bills to the Senate floor. Given that we have reached a 2-year,  bicameral, bipartisan budget agreement in August and the new fiscal  year began on October 1, it is imperative for the Senate to move these  bills quickly and to go to conference with the House in order to avoid  further continuing resolutions or, even worse, a government shutdown.   I also want to acknowledge the hard work and strong commitment of my  friend and colleague, Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island, the ranking  member of the T-HUD Subcommittee. We have worked so closely together in  drafting this bill, which includes more than 950 requests from 75  Senators.   Let me repeat that. We received 950 requests from three-quarters of  our colleagues for ideas for this bill, for funding levels, and in  support of certain programs. We evaluated all of them very carefully  and accommodated as many as we could.   The T-HUD bill passed the full Appropriations Committee by a  unanimous vote of 31 to 0. It reflects a truly bipartisan product.   The allocation for the fiscal year 2020 transportation-housing  appropriations  [[Page S5950]]  bill is $74.3 billion. That is $3.2 billion above the current funding  levels. This additional funding is necessary because of rising rental  costs across the country and a reduction in the receipts from the  Federal Housing Administration that are used to offset some of the  spending in this bill.   In spite of these considerable funding challenges, our bill not only  fully funds the renewal of housing assistance for low-income seniors  and other vulnerable populations, but it also continues to provide  robust investments in our infrastructure. For example, the bill  provides $1 billion for the highly effective and popular BUILD grant  program. The BUILD program helps fund critical infrastructure projects  that promote economic development and the creation of jobs.   I am proud to say that Maine has won a BUILD grant every year of this  program, including a critical $25 million grant to replace the Sarah  Mildred Long Bridge that is critical to the operations of the  Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, ME.   Particularly important to States like Maine, the bill also provides  much needed highway resources. While only 19 percent of the U.S.  population lives in rural areas, 46 percent of traffic fatalities occur  in rural America. That is because the roads and the bridges in the  rural parts of our country are frequently in much poorer condition than  those in urban areas. Building on the success of the rural bridge  rehabilitation program over the last 2 years, our bill provides $1.25  billion in dedicated funding for bridges that are deteriorating and  nearing the end or have reached the end of their useful life.   The bill fully funds the INFRA grant program, which provides  resources for large-scale freight projects through a competitive grant  process.   In fiscal year 2019, I was pleased to advocate for the Maine  Department of Transportation's successful application to replace the  Madawaska international bridge in Northern Maine. This project will  help to replace a critical corridor and connector between Madawaska and  New Brunswick on the Canadian side of the border. This is so important  to the economy of Northern Maine and supports more than 5,800 direct  and indirect jobs. Right now, that bridge has been posted. That means  that heavy trucks are unable to cross in the most effective and  shortest route between Edmonton, New Brunswick, and Madawaska, ME.   These critical programs support not only much needed infrastructure  projects but also jobs and economic growth in each and every one of our  home States.   The American Society of Civil Engineers conducts a comprehensive  assessment of our Nation's infrastructure every 4 years. Its most  recent report card from 2017 shows that America's infrastructure  remains in poor condition, with a grade of D-plus. That should be a  call to action to all of us. It is simply unacceptable. It not only  creates safety problems, it also impedes economic development.   One in eleven of our Nation's bridges is rated as structurally  deficient, and the average age of our country's more than 600,000  bridges is 43 years old. Our National Highway System contains  infrastructure that is now well past its useful life. Some bridges are  more than 100 years old, and many have had to be posted and are unable  to accommodate today's traffic volumes. Without the critical funding in  the T-HUD bill dedicated to bridges, as well as the BUILD grant  program, we simply will not be able to make progress to improve our  Nation's infrastructure.   Let me now turn to aviation. The bill provides $17.7 billion in  resources for the Federal Aviation Administration--the FAA--which  allows us to fully fund air traffic control personnel, including more  than 14,000 air traffic controllers, and more than 25,000 engineers,  maintenance technicians, safety inspectors, and operational support  staff. Given the significant challenges the FAA faces in aviation  safety, particularly as has become evident with the certification of  the Boeing 737-MAX aircraft, the bill increases funding for aviation  safety and aircraft certification activities and requires the FAA to  respond to each and every one of the recommendations made by the  inspector general and the National Transportation Safety Board once  their audits and reviews are completed. In addition, it requires the  FAA to move forward with a rulemaking on safety management systems for  aircraft manufacturers and to assess its own internal workforce.   The bill also provides $1.2 billion for FAA's Next Generation Air  Transportation System's programs--also known as NextGen--to improve the  efficiency and safety of the national airspace. This funding is  critical for reducing delays and addressing congestion at some of our  Nation's busiest airports.   Of particular importance to rural communities, the bill fully funds  the Contract Tower Program and the Essential Air Service Program.   In addition, the bill provides $450 million for the Airport  Improvement Program in keeping with the authorized level. This  supplemental AIP funding has been extremely helpful for small airports  in Maine that otherwise would not be able to complete runway extension  projects that are vital for air ambulances.   Turning to maritime programs, our legislation provides full funding  for our Nation's State maritime academies, as well as the U.S. Merchant  Marine Academy, all of which play critical roles in training the next  generation of U.S. mariners.   The bill provides $300 million for the third special purpose vessel  to be used as a training school ship for the State maritime academies.  In accordance with the guidance provided 3 years ago by MARAD, new  training ships will replace existing aging training ships in the order  in which those ships are expected to reach the end of their useful  lives. Over the past 2 years, we have funded replacement ships for the  New York State Maritime Academy and the Massachusetts Maritime Academy.  Funding in this bill will replace the aging vessel at the Maine  Maritime Academy, which was next on the list. These new ships provide  training capacity for all six State maritime academies and ensure that  cadets receive the training hours they need to graduate and join the  workforce in the Merchant Marine, the Navy, and the Coast Guard.   In the area of housing, our priority is to ensure that our Nation's  most vulnerable do not lose their housing assistance and become  homeless; therefore, the bill provides necessary funding increases to  cover the higher costs of rental assistance for the most vulnerable  among us, including disabled citizens and our low-income seniors.   Senator Reed and I share a strong commitment to reducing and ending  homelessness and have included $2.8 billion for homeless assistance  grants. To help our homeless youth and underserved population, we  provide $80 million for grants.   Many Members share my concern that young people are aging out of the  foster care system and have nowhere safe to go. Far too frequently,  they end up couch-surfing or living on the streets, vulnerable to those  who would abuse them. To better support our youth who are exiting the  foster care system who are at risk of becoming exploited or homeless,  the bill also includes $20 million for family unification vouchers.   For our Nation's homeless veterans, the bill provides $40 million for  the successful HUD-VASH Program. In the land of the brave, there should  always be a home for our veterans. Despite the administration once  again proposing to eliminate this highly successful program, the  committee continues to provide funding. This program has been so  successful that it has helped to reduce veteran homelessness by nearly  50 percent since it was first started in 2010.   Another important issue, particularly to Senator Reed and to me, is  lead paint in homes. That is a particular concern to families with  children under age 6. The bill provides $290 million to combat lead  hazards--a historic level of funding. Lead paint hazards are a  significant concern for Maine families, as 57 percent of our housing  stock was constructed prior to 1978, the year lead-based paint was  banned. These grants will help communities protect children from the  harmful effects--what can be lifelong effects--of lead poisoning.   The bill also supports local development efforts by providing $3.3  billion for the Community Development Block Grant Program--another  program that the administration proposed to eliminate but for which we  had overwhelming support expressed in letters  [[Page S5951]]  from our colleagues. The reason the Community Development Block Grant  Program is so popular is its flexibility. It can be tailored to meet  local needs. We have also included $1.4 billion for the HOME Program.  These two programs support the development of affordable housing and  other infrastructure projects and revitalize downtowns, which in turn  promote economic development and lead to the creation of more jobs.   I appreciate the opportunity to present this important legislation to  the Chamber as we begin debate on the Transportation-HUD funding bill.  I urge my colleagues to support the investments in this bill that  benefit our communities all across this Nation and the families,  veterans, children, and our seniors who rely on these vital programs.   Let me end my remarks by again thanking my colleague, friend, and  ranking member, Senator Reed, for his close collaboration and hard  work. I am very proud of the fact that once again this year we have  produced a bipartisan bill that was unanimously approved by our  committee.   