 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, along with my colleague Senator  Carper, I am introducing the Comprehensive National Mercury Monitoring  Act. This bill would ensure that we have accurate, detailed information  about the extent of mercury pollution in the United States.   The issue of mercury emissions is growing in importance around the  world. In 2013, the United States was the first country to join and  sign the Minamata Convention on Mercury, a global agreement to reduce  mercury pollution. The Minamata Convention has since been signed by  more than 125 countries, demonstrating the widespread concern that  mercury poses a global threat to human health. At present, however,  scientists must rely on limited information to understand the critical  linkages between mercury emissions and environmental response and human  health. Successful design, implementation, and assessment of solutions  to the mercury pollution problem require a comprehensive long-term  solution. It requires much more information. A system for collecting  such information, such as we have for acid rain and other pollution,  does not currently exist for mercury, a much more toxic pollutant.   Mercury is a potent neurotoxin of significant ecological and public  health concern, especially for children and pregnant women. It is  estimated that approximately 200,000 children born in our country each  year have been exposed to levels of mercury in the womb that are high  enough to impair their neurological development. Mercury exposure has  gone down as U.S. mercury emissions have declined, and over the last  decade coal-fired power plants in the United States have reduced their  mercury emissions by nearly 90 percent, but emission levels remain far  too high, given how potent a neurotoxin mercury is.   A comprehensive national mercury monitoring network is needed to  protect human health, safeguard our fisheries, and track the effect of  emissions  [[Page S302]]  reductions. This tracking is important in light of increasing mercury  emissions from other countries, including a substantial amount of  mercury emissions from China. Mercury can be transported around the  globe, meaning emissions and releases can affect human health and  environment even in remote locations.   This network is particularly important after the Environmental  Protection Agency's recent proposal on the Mercury and Air Toxics  Standards. Last month, the EPA released a proposal that determined it  is no longer ``appropriate and necessary'' to regulate mercury and  toxic air pollution from coal- and oil-fired plants. I just do not  understand why EPA would send that signal. While the EPA has not  proposed to change the current emission standards on mercury and the  toxic air pollutants in this regulation, the EPA's action has put the  standards in legal jeopardy and could block future efforts to  strengthen this standard that is so important to protecting human  health and our environment.   By accurately quantifying regional and national changes in  atmospheric deposition, ecosystem contamination, and bioaccumulation of  mercury in fish and wildlife in response to changes in mercury  emissions, a monitoring network would help policymakers, the EPA,  scientists, physicians, and the public to better understand the  sources, consequences, and trends in mercury pollution in the United  States. We must have more comprehensive information and data.  Otherwise, we risk making misguided policy decisions.   Specifically, our legislation would direct the EPA, in conjunction  with the Fish and Wildlife Service, the U.S. Geological Survey, the  National Park Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration, and other appropriate Federal Agencies to establish a  national mercury monitoring program to measure and monitor mercury  levels in the air and watersheds, water and soil chemistry, and in  marine, freshwater, and terrestrial organisms across the Nation.   Second, it would establish a scientific advisory committee to advise  on the establishment, site selection, measurement, recording protocols,  and operations of this monitoring program.   Third, our bill would establish a centralized database for existing  and newly collected environmental mercury data that can be freely  accessed on the internet and is comprised of data that are compatible  with similar international efforts.   The bill would also require a report to Congress every 2 years on the  program, including trends, and an assessment of the reduction in  mercury rates that need to be achieved in order to prevent adverse  human and ecological effects, and that report would be required every 4  years.   Finally, the bill authorizes $95 million over 3 years to carry out  the Act.   I am pleased to report that this legislation--this bipartisan bill-- has earned the endorsement of the American Lung Association, the  Biodiversity Research Institute, the Environmental Health Strategy  Center, the League of Conservation Voters, and the Natural Resources  Defense Council. A comprehensive, robust national monitoring network  for mercury would provide the data needed to help make the decisions to  protect the people--particularly, pregnant women and babies and  children--and the environment of Maine and the entire United States.   Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   