 Mr. President, today I rise to speak on the strength of  the U.S. economy, and I would like to thank my colleagues who have  joined me here on the floor to address this very important topic.   As President Trump said in last night's State of the Union, ``Our  economy is thriving like never before.''   Last Friday's January jobs report was a continued good-news story,  with 304,000 new jobs added just last month. It is also an example of  how Republican pro-growth policies are getting people back to work. Job  growth was strong across most sectors, including manufacturing, where  261,000 jobs were created over the last year.   Just as important, this economic growth has put upward pressure on  wages, with the average hourly pay increasing by 3.2 percent from last  year. Lower wage workers saw some of the biggest increases. This means  more money in your pockets to put food on the table and provide for  growing families.   The tight labor market has drawn workers off of the sidelines, and  that is a good thing. Folks who have been unemployed or underemployed  are finding work, and those seeking to shift to a better paying job or  one with better hours that is closer to home are finding those  opportunities.   Nowhere is the power of this job creation more evident than in my  home State of Iowa, where the 2.4-percent unemployment rate is the  lowest in the Nation. There are 64,000-plus jobs currently open in  Iowa. Over 1.6 million Iowans are employed, which is the most in our  State's history. Every time I meet with an employer from my home State,  they tell me about the challenges of filling jobs in order to keep  their businesses running. They want to hire people, and business is  booming. Under Republican pro-growth policies and the leadership of  Governor Kim Reynolds, Iowa's economy continues to expand, and wages  are increasing across the State.   I also agree with the President that ``no one has benefited more from  our thriving economy than women, who have filled 58 percent of the new  jobs created in the last year.'' Women are also becoming small business  owners at increasing rates across Iowa. These ``girl bosses'' are  creating jobs and helping Iowa's economy to rumble. Yes, ladies, Iowa  is the place to be.   The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has allowed Iowa's job creators to invest  in their workers and grow their businesses. For example, a business in  Dyersville, IA, invested 75 percent of its tax savings last year into  its employees, giving $800 bonuses to the 162 full-time workers. One of  its employees said she planned to put her bonus into her retirement  fund--an investment in her future.   Furthermore, cutting redtape and scaling back burdensome regulations  have led to a surge in small business optimism. A December survey from  the Iowa Association of Business and Industry found that 97 percent of  respondents planned to make capital expenditures this quarter, while a  majority expected to add new employees and 72 percent expected to see  sales growth.   Recent achievements--from opioid abuse efforts to criminal justice  reform--will help transform our job pool to help fill the needs of  today and tomorrow, helping people get back on their feet and back to  work.   I also know that millions of working mothers, fathers, grandparents,  and families across the country struggle with the realities of  childbirth and infant care while working hard to raise strong and  healthy families. It is long overdue that Congress not just have a  conversation on these matters but that we get serious about a path  forward on a paid leave approach. I am glad the President highlighted  this issue in the State of the Union last night. Some are fortunate  enough to have paid benefits provided by their employers, but many  families in America do not have that luxury.   For the past few months, I have been working on this issue with my  colleague, Senator Mike Lee. Helping families is an issue we can all  agree on, and I hope we can have a productive dialogue on how Congress  can best help in a way that keeps our economy strong.   Simply put, when Washington gives power back to Main Street, American  families win.  [[Page S893]]    Sadly, over the last few weeks, I have heard my Democratic colleagues  propose a Green New Deal that would raise energy prices for consumers  by as much as $3,800 per family a year and proposals to impose tax  rates as high as 70 percent. If allowed to move forward, these  proposals would reverse some of the economic progress we have seen.  They would change our Nation's direction from freedom, innovation, and  job facilitation to more heavyhanded regulation. This far-left agenda  offers little for small businesses seeking to grow to bigger ones,  families seeking to increase their take-home pay, or workers trying to  climb the ladder to full economic success. That is not a future that  looks bright to me, and it isn't one that gives Americans a path toward  prosperity.   I am very proud of our achievements, and I am thankful for the  leadership of the President and folks willing to work together to get  our economy moving. There is more work yet to be done, and I look  forward to seeing our economy continue to achieve new heights.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   