 Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss the  impact of Donald Trump's government shutdown.   Today marks the 19th day that the United States has been in a partial  government shutdown. How did we get here?   Let's be clear: This government shutdown is not about a border wall.   Our country is in the midst of a government shutdown because a man  who has fashioned himself after a banana republic dictator, a con man  engaging in the proverbial bait and switch, has decided to pickpocket  the American people for an immoral border wall policy that the American  people do not support.   This billionaire bully is intentionally imposing pain, anguish, and  anxiety on 800,000 Federal workers, including over 14,000 New Yorkers,  holding them and their families hostage in order to extort billions of  dollars from the American taxpayer to satisfy a broken promise to his  supporters that Mexico would pay for his wall. Meanwhile, real lives  are at stake and hang in the balance.   On Friday, our Federal workers will face a clear uncertainty without  a paycheck. Families are struggling to pay for their basic needs, their  mortgages and rent, groceries, life-sustaining medications, and more  due to this cruel, vindictive, and senseless shutdown.   Due to this absurd, mean-spirited government shutdown, many  hardworking Americans will not receive their tax refunds in a timely  manner, because the Department of the Treasury and IRS are closed.   Due to this irrational government shutdown, many families that rely  on SNAP will struggle to put food on their tables.   Due to this malicious government shutdown, Federal contractors and  their employees may never recover from the loss of their investments in  doing the business of service to our Nation, their employees facing an  economic crisis that could lead to unemployment, all because Donald  Trump is running for reelection and he has no regard for the very  people that he swore to protect and defend.   Our national parks and monuments are consumed by trash.   Our Transportation Safety Administration is stretched, with personnel  on the job unable to afford their meals or the cost of travel to our  Nation's airports to report for duty.   This reckless shutdown has placed us all in harm's way by impeding  the mission of the EPA, lacking the requisite personnel to complete  critical activities that protect the public health and environment.   Due to this pointless government shutdown, thousands of hardworking  Americans all over this country residing in government-funded or  subsidized properties risk eviction from their homes.   On our first day in the 116th Congress, House Democrats immediately  got to work by introducing and passing a complete funding package to  reopen the government for the people. House Democrats passed  legislation that honors our responsibility to keep Americans safe while  securing our borders.   Let's be clear: Democrats want sensible border security. Democrats  want commonsense immigration reform.   So why is the United States in a government shutdown?   We can all recall that, while on the campaign trail, the current  occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue promised the American people that  a border wall is the solution for border security and that Mexico would  pay for the wall. However, the American people can see the immorality  of this and did not like his policy of family separation at the border,  and the Mexican President said, no, he would not pay for the wall.   Now, to feed his obsession to keep his ill-advised campaign promise,  he is threatening to keep the government shut down for years.   Agent 45 is happy to keep hardworking Federal workers from being paid  for years over an ineffective, immoral, and expensive border wall.   Trump's government shutdown keeps 420,000 Federal employees,  including FBI agents, Customs and Border Protection agents, and Forest  Service firefighters, working without pay.   Trump's government shutdown caused 400,000 Federal employees from the  Department of Transportation, the Department of Commerce, and NASA to  be furloughed, plunging their families into complete uncertainty.   Instead of funding a $5 billion wall, let's talk about how we can  invest in real priorities for the people.   With $30.5 million, case management for immigrant families could  expand to 25,000 families annually.   