 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Alaska for  organizing this--both sides of the aisle--so we can begin to have our  voices heard for those we represent here on the Senate floor.   I came yesterday from Yuma, AZ, and the day before I was in Nogales,  AZ. I visited Nogales's port of entry and the CBP officers coming to  work every single day now without pay. On Monday, they processed 2,000  trucks through the port of entry there. That cross-border commerce is  so important for an economy like Arizona's and for jobs.   They also seized 18 kilograms of methamphetamine, heroin, and  fentanyl, which are contributing to the opioid crisis and the drug  crisis in our country.   Morale is still pretty good because they still know how important it  is for them to be there on the watch and do their job. However, it is  unacceptable that they are being asked to come to work and not being  paid. As was said by other colleagues, some of the lower level  officers--the younger individuals early on the job--have no reserves. I  talked to several of them. They are very concerned about what is going  to happen when they miss a second paycheck here in the next day.   When I went to Yuma and talked to the Border Patrol, it was the same  thing. They need to be on the job. They want to be on the job. They  know how important it is for our country and for border security.   I visited the place where, just last week, 376 people were able to  tunnel under where we have a barrier they can't see through. They  weren't able to see it until they had actually breached it, and they  caught a couple of MS-13 gang members yesterday.   Again, they are asking: Please, let's secure our border. Let's  provide the resources for the agents and for the officers and for what  they need to do every single day, and let's open up the government.   We can do these things. This is why America is so frustrated with  Washington, DC, and why many of us ran to come here in the first place:  What is the matter with you guys? Just get it together; get something  through the House and the Senate that can be signed by the President to  open up the government and secure our border.   Let's roll up our sleeves, let's stay here all night around the  clock, and let's get this mission done.   I yield the floor.   