 Madam President, government shutdowns are never  justified, and I have opposed every one of them. This shutdown--the  longest in our Nation's history--has caused real harm to 800,000  Federal employees and their families.   Just today, I heard from a Federal employee in Belfast, ME, who has  worked for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service for 32 years. He has two  children with type 1 diabetes, and with the soaring costs of insulin,  he was beginning to worry about how he would be able to afford insulin  for his children. He was concerned that a prolonged shutdown would have  an adverse impact on his insurance coverage.   The shutdown has also hurt Americans' access to Federal Agencies and  threatened housing assistance for low-income families, our seniors, and  people with disabilities. It has harmed small businesses that have  contracts with Federal Agencies for certain services but that have not  been getting paid. Thus, their employees have been at risk of being  laid off.   That is why I voted twice this week to end the shutdown and reopen  the government. Although neither proposal received enough votes to  pass, we saw glimmers of hope that have produced results. I note that  after the failed votes, a bipartisan group of 16 Senators came to the  floor, and each one of us indicated a willingness to compromise.   I am pleased that today there is real progress. The President and  Senate Republicans and Democrats have come together and agreed to  reopen government until February 15, while negotiations on border  security issues continue. That is so important. As the Presiding  Officer is chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee on the Department  of Homeland Security, I know she will be playing a key role in this  area.   Let each of us on the Democratic side of the aisle, on the Republican  side of the aisle, and in the administration pledge that we will  negotiate in good faith and work to hammer out a compromise on border  security so we will not face the same situation again on February 15.   I, for one, will keep working with my colleagues and with the White  House to ensure that hundreds of thousands of hard-working, patriotic  public servants will stay on the job; that this will not just be a  temporary reprieve that will allow backpay to be made to them as early  as the beginning of next week but rather that it will lead to a  permanent solution so we can reopen government beyond February 15 and  through the end of the fiscal year--that is, until September 30--and so  that in the future, we can avoid ever resorting to the shutdown of  government again. It is never good policy.   Let us work together over these next 3 weeks to come up with a  compromise on border security, and let us show the American people that  we can govern effectively.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   