 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.  [[Page H4878]]     Madam Chair, thank you for allowing me to speak in  support of this amendment.   My amendment would increase funding for juvenile justice programs  authorized by the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act.   The JJDPA, which was recently reauthorized under the leadership of my  colleagues on the Education and Labor Committee, has been so  successful, that 47 States and six U.S. territories voluntarily  participate in its programs.   The JJDPA provides Federal funds to the States to decrease the  incidence of juvenile delinquency and invest funds in diversionary  programs to break the school-to-prison pipeline.   These programs have provided critical support to Pennsylvania's  efforts to reform the juvenile justice system and advance evidence- based programs at the local level.   Too often, our most vulnerable youth have been caught in a vicious  cycle of poverty and oppression, which can land them in the juvenile  justice system, but well-funded, thoughtful juvenile justice programs  can divert youth away from the justice system, ensure fair and  equitable treatment, and protect incarcerated youth while keeping our  communities safe.   In Pennsylvania, projects funded by the JJDPA have been used to train  425 officers in 67 counties in evidence-based, effective, and cutting- edge approaches to working with delinquent youth in ways that are  equitable, fair, and targeted to their risks and needs.   Increased funding will allow Pennsylvania and other States to expand  and enhance these important programs and help ensure that they are in  compliance with updates to the law.   Madam Chair, I am grateful to my colleagues on the Appropriations  Committee for increasing funding for these critical programs, but there  is still much work to be done.   My amendment would increase the total funding for these programs by  $2 million, representing a modest step in the right direction, and  affirming the important partnerships created by the JJDPA to protect  children, keep youth out of trouble, and keep our communities safe.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.   I yield back the balance of my time.   