 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding and for  her leadership on the very fine bills we have before the House here  this afternoon.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3153, the  bipartisan EFFORT Act, which would expand Federal research on opioid  addiction.   Since 2011, more than 200 people in the northern Shenandoah Valley of  Virginia have lost their lives due to an opioid overdose. Some of the  highest numbers of children being born in Virginia with neonatal  abstinence syndrome have been from my district.   But these numbers don't tell the heartbreaking devastation the opioid  crisis has wrought for families who have lost their mother, their  father, their brother, their sister, or their child. Meanwhile, our law  enforcement officers and first responders are struggling with the  trauma and burnout that comes from being on the front lines of so many  tragic and needless deaths of their friends and neighbors.   Tens of thousands of Americans and more than 1,000 Virginians are  dying every year from overdoses. Addiction is an illness, and fighting  the crisis effectively requires adequate research and funding. The  EFFORT Act will help to do this by directing the National Science  Foundation to support research on the science of opioid addiction.   The NSF has done an exceptional job in establishing some of the  foundational understanding on opioid addiction, including research  regarding the use of technology to address the crisis, the secondary  effects on families, and options for alternative therapeutics for pain.  And while this research has significantly increased our understanding  of addiction, research gaps remain in a wide range of disciplines,  including, for example, social and behavioral issues such as stigma,  socioeconomic status, or treatment accessibility.    The NSF has a unique ability to help us close some of these gaps and,  in turn, to help us develop solutions. By expanding the NSF's research  on opioid addiction both within the agency, as well as jointly with the  National Institutes of Health when needed, we can more effectively  integrate clinical and basic research, obtain a broader understanding  of the science of opioid addiction and its impact, and have a more  comprehensive approach to tackling the crisis.   As a founding member of the bipartisan Freshmen Working Group on  Addiction, I have worked to be a strong advocate for addiction  prevention and recovery efforts, and I am pleased to have introduced  this legislation with my fellow freshman colleague from Indiana, Dr.  Baird. I thank him for his leadership on this issue, as well.   I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan  legislation.  [[Page H7173]]        