 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 3239, the Humanitarian Standards for  Individuals in Customs and Border Protection Custody Act.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3239, the Humanitarian Standards  for Individuals in Customs and Border Protection Custody Act, a bill  that will address an important piece of the humanitarian crisis at the  border, ensuring the delivery of basic standards of care for  individuals who are detained in CBP custody.   Many of us, including myself, have traveled to our southern border  over the past couple of months and witnessed firsthand the effects of  the situation that continues to unfold. No one who has made that  journey has not been deeply moved by the severe overcrowding and  inhumane conditions at some CBP facilities.   If you have not observed these conditions in person, you have  undoubtedly seen pictures or read the latest DHS inspector general  report and know how serious this situation is:   Families, children, and single adults housed outside or in severely  overcrowded cells;   Lack of access to showers, functioning toilets, and basic personal  hygiene products;   Flu outbreaks, lice infestations, and other conditions that threaten  the health and safety of everyone who is exposed to them.   Mr. Chairman, I will include in the Record a copy of the report  submitted by the inspector general of the Department of Homeland  Security on the situation at the border.   The situation is so dire that no less than three children and seven  other individuals have died in CBP custody so far this fiscal year. By  comparison, not a single child died in CBP custody in the previous  decade.   Although the administration asserts that these conditions are the  inevitable result of the increase in the number of people seeking  protection at our border, it is not just the numbers that are the  problem. It is the administration's mission to deter migration through  heavy-handed enforcement and its steadfast refusal to address the  crisis competently that has gotten us where we are today.   H.R. 3239 will literally save lives by restoring order and basic  standards in the processing of immigrants at the border.   H.R. 3239 requires CBP to ensure that all individuals arriving at our  border receive a basic health screening, and the bill also requires  other emergency care professionals to be available at least by phone so  that, if a life-threatening situation arises, it can be addressed  quickly instead of hours later when it is too late.   H.R. 3239 would also prohibit overcrowding and requires migrants to  have access to showers, basic hygiene products, and clean clothing so  they are not forced to sit in clothing soiled from dirt and sweat for  weeks and days at a time. Detainees would have access to water and  standard age-appropriate diets comprised of food that follows  applicable safety standards.   My colleagues across the aisle have claimed that H.R. 3239 is  unworkable because CBP lacks the funding to implement it, but just a  few weeks ago Congress passed a $4.6 billion spending measure to send  emergency funding to the border. The Trump administration has yet to  prove that it can put this money to good use and treat arriving  migrants competently. H.R. 3239 would do just that.   I would like to commend our colleague, Representative and Dr. Raul  Ruiz, for his efforts in moving this bill forward and for his  commitment to ensuring the dignity and safety of those seeking  protection in our country.   I urge all of my colleagues to support the Humanitarian Standards for  Individuals in CBP Custody Act, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Ruiz), my colleague and the author of the bill.    Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman.    Mr. Chairman, I just would note that we went through  this in committee during the markup. All of the specialty positions  listed need not be available at the site, as is mentioned on line 23.   As we mentioned, if you took a picture of a rash on a child, you  could text that picture to a pediatrician, say, ``Is this a  communicable disease or is this a small rash?'' and that would meet the  requirements of this.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Garcia).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), my colleague.    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from California.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Castro).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume  to close.   Mr. Chairman, this bill is an important step forward to make sure  that we have minimal standards at CBP facilities. It is simply  incorrect to assert that the minimum standards provided for in this  bill are extravagant extensions of healthcare to people seeking  assistance.   If you have a medical emergency, you should call for an ambulance. If  you are having a heart attack, you should go to a hospital and be  treated. If you have a medical emergency, you have to be dealt with  under the section on page 4. If there is an indication of a problem,  you have to have the ability to reach out to an expert by phone, if  necessary, or to get some guidance on what to do. This is just common  sense.   We have relied on Dr. Ruiz, who saw this very system work in one of  the hemisphere's poorest nations--Haiti--after an earthquake where they  had no infrastructure. The nonprofits working there could do this. I  have no doubt that the richest nation on Earth and the Department of  Homeland Security could do as well as nonprofits in Haiti after the  earthquake. And to suggest that they couldn't, I think is really a  problem.   I would like to note that if we said that veterans are going to get  the care outlined in this bill, it would be a dramatic reduction in the  care provided to veterans because this is a minimal standard. We want  to do better for our veterans always, but to suggest that they should  get this, would be a huge reduction in what we owe the veterans of this  country.   I thank Dr. Ruiz for the work that he put into this bill. As an  emergency physician and a public health expert, checking with the  American Pediatric Association, he came up with a structure that is  doable and will save the lives of children.   Mr. Chairman, I hope that we can adopt this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to the instructions of the House  on the motion to recommit, I report the bill, H.R. 3239, back to the  House with an amendment.   