 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from  Arizona for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the underlying  bill.   The Violence Against Women Act, originally enacted in 1994, was  reauthorized twice with broad bipartisan support.   Unfortunately, today's bill has followed the same path as other bills  this Congress. Democrats are more interested in playing politics and  falsely painting Republicans as anti-women rather than passing  legislation to actually protect women.   Sadly, despite years of work through local, State, and Federal  efforts, domestic and sexual violence remain serious problems. I have  heard from women and those working to help them about the challenges  faced by women due to violence, but as Republican leader of the House  Education and Labor Committee, I can tell you they have never asked for  a GAO study on student loan repayment. Such a study is included in this  bill. Another study about repayment options and the challenges of  student debt will not help those women who are victims of violence.   If Democrats ever had a compelling argument, Americans would never  know, since this bill was marked up in only one committee instead of  the seven that have jurisdiction.   This bill also requires a study by the Secretaries of Labor and  Health and Human Services on workplace responses to victims of violence  against women. We are concerned this study is overbroad, and that the  workplace is not the best avenue to address domestic violence,  especially when those resources can be directed to already existing  programs like the National Domestic Abuse Hotline.   I supported the 2006 reauthorization of this bill and stand strongly  against all perpetrators of violence against women.   I will always stand for the protection of women, and any  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act should do the same.   Republicans have been ready and willing to work in a bipartisan  fashion to reauthorize a bill that truly addresses domestic and sexual  violence, but the legislation before us today is not a product worthy  of its predecessors.   This bill should go back to be thoughtfully considered by the  Education and Labor Committee and all the committees of jurisdiction  before we consider it on the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to reject the rule and the  underlying bill.   