 Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chair, I applaud my colleague's determination to  ensure that the United States is doing everything possible to prevent  the proliferation of nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, I think this  amendment does not have that impact.   We are engaged now in a situation with respect to New START, that it  is a treaty that was designed, implemented, and adopted in a world that  is very different from the one in which we live today.   Those of us on this side of the aisle do not suggest, and are not  suggesting, that we should withdraw from the treaty, so it is a little  bit disingenuous for the amendment to suggest that no funds should be  used to withdraw. We do not want to withdraw from the treaty. It is an  important treaty. However, we also think we shouldn't blindly extend  the treaty.   In today's world, in which we know the treaty does not cover the  types of weapons that the Russians are developing, nor does it cover at  all the types of weapons systems that the Chinese are developing and  deploying, we want to make sure that the United States is able to  provide those kinds of restrictions across the board, not simply stick  to a treaty that limits only particular types of weapons systems and  only with respect to Russia.   Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment because I think it is very  important that we not tie the President's hands, that we not send that  message to the President and to our adversaries.   I think the Russians would very much like to see this treaty extended  as it is. They would very much like to not be constrained in the  development of tactical nuclear weapons and the development and  deployment of systems that aren't covered by the treaty.   Those of us who are arguing in favor of ensuring the treaty covers  all the threats would like to see a much more robust arms control  system than the one that would be in place if we simply extended this  treaty without considering the possibility of including the Chinese  and the Russians. The administration, in fact, has said precisely that.    The President has urged that the National Security Council look at  ways that we can make sure the treaty covers all of our security needs,  not simply extend it beyond the 2021 date.   We think it is important that the President have that ability. We  also think it is important that the Congress not send a message to our  adversaries that we are simply urging the President to extend this  treaty as is.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire as to how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Thornberry), my colleague, the esteemed ranking member of  the Armed Services Committee.    Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close.   Mr. Chair, I would like to ensure that our colleagues recognize the  limitations of the treaty that my colleague, Mr. Engel, is suggesting  we extend.   The treaty is insufficient with respect to the arms that it limits.  The  [[Page H5606]]  treaty is insufficient with respect to the participants in the treaty.  The treaty also has an insufficient verification regime.   It is crucially important that we make sure that we arm those who are  negotiating these treaties with the support that they need to conclude  a treaty that fundamentally supports the security of the Nation.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   