 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for leading this  discussion about climate. What I really love about so many of our  freshman Members, like Congressman Levin, is that they say how urgent  the need is right now to act, a sense of urgency.   I am on the Subcommittee on Environment and Climate Change, and we  had a hearing yesterday. We had nice people testifying, but we still  heard, particularly from our Republican colleagues, that it is a  decision between jobs and a clean environment. Are you kidding me?   We have known about this crisis, which it is, for decades. We knew  about it even in the Johnson administration, long ago.   We have had this debate about jobs and environment as if you have to  pick one or the other. As Representative Levin went over and over,  about how good for the economy, how good for workers, how good the jobs  are, we are now wasting time in addressing this problem. It was really  frustrating to me that we continue to go over this.   In the meantime, the forests are burning in California. The fields  are flooding in Illinois, where I am from. The hurricanes are  destroying islands, Florida, and all up and down the coast--except for  Alabama, not really.   It is really so important that we are listening to the children.  Yesterday, we had this amazing young woman, Greta Thunberg, who is from  Sweden. She is 16 years old, but she is also a veteran fighting  worldwide, an international figure calling for us to act.   This is one of the things that she said yesterday when she was here  in Washington. This is Greta, now 16 years old, who said: ``Please,  save your praise. We don't want it. Don't invite us here to just tell  us how inspiring we are without actually doing anything about it,  because it doesn't lead to anything.''   Greta is fierce, but she is not the only one. I am hoping that I am  going to be able to get home in time to my district to join my grandson  outside of his school tomorrow afternoon at one of the demonstrations,  the many demonstrations that are going to be taking place across the  country on climate where young people are telling us: We can't wait.  This is our century. This is our time. We are going to take the lead.   I think it is our job now to follow them. There is a court suit right  now where 21 young people have sued the Government of the United States  of America for violating their constitutional rights by ignoring this  issue of climate and the crisis that we are creating.   Our species is in danger. Every species living on Earth today is in  danger. This is truly a matter of life and death.   We already are seeing climate refugees, people who can't live in  places because they can't grow crops anymore. We are seeing the  spreading of the Sahara desert. We are seeing the Amazon rainforest  burning. Every fifth breath that every person takes on Earth is because  of the oxygen that comes out of the rainforest in the Amazon.   What are we doing? We are still debating this. We are still talking.  We are having conversations about it and way too little action.   I am really happy that, last week, we passed a bill, at least in the  House, to stop offshore drilling in the Atlantic Ocean, in the Pacific  Ocean, and in the Gulf. I am really happy that we are trying to reverse  the drilling in ANWR up in Alaska.   But we have to do big things. We have to take action together with  countries around the world.   We have to listen to the children. They are begging us. They are  acting, and they are speaking out. All we really need to do is follow.   Again, I thank Representative Levin and so many of the freshmen who  have come here to the Congress and said: This is urgent. We can't wait  anymore. We can't dawdle anymore. We must act.   I really appreciate the opportunity to come down here today.   