 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this shutdown is not a negotiation  situation. This is a hostage situation.  [[Page S88]]    The President of the United States has taken 800,000 Federal workers,  tens of thousands of Federal contractors, and thousands of small  businesses hostage to extort money for his vanity wall.   We have all heard from our constituents about the pain the shutdown  is causing. This Friday many government employees will miss their first  paycheck as a result of the shutdown. Most of us live in a world where  we need paychecks, and it is obvious that our constituents shouldn't  have to ``make adjustments,'' as the President frames it, for the  President's shutdown.   Our 800,000 Federal workers aren't the only people in our country  feeling the impact of the shutdown. The situation is inflicting  unnecessary pain on our government contracting community and small  businesses that rely on the day-to-day operations of the Federal  Government, not to mention the millions of Americans who request  government services.   Let me just tell one story. Michelle Baker is a Federal contractor in  Waikiki who helps the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration,  the Fish and Wildlife Service, and other agencies to write reports in a  way that is accessible to the public. Michelle told Honolulu Civil Beat  that she and her husband have resorted to taking out a payday loan with  an exceptionally high interest rate to pay for their food this week.   Let me be clear. There are two people who can end the pain of the  shutdown right now--Donald Trump and Senate majority leader Mitch  McConnell. The President has demonstrated repeatedly that his word is  not good. He is an amoral hostage taker, and you cannot and should not  negotiate with a hostage taker.   Senator McConnell, on the other hand, has not held back in exercising  his power when he saw fit to do so. Senator McConnell had no problem  using his power to unilaterally deny Judge Merrick Garland to serve on  the U.S. Supreme Court. Senator McConnell had no problem using his  power to lower the number of Senators it would take to confirm nominees  to the Supreme Court, starting with Neil Gorsuch. Senator McConnell had  no problem using his power to force the Senate to come within one vote  of denying healthcare to millions of Americans by bringing forth a bill  to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Senator McConnell had no problem  using his power to ram through a huge tax cut for the wealthiest  Americans and corporations at the expense of middle-class families.   Senator McConnell has the power to end the shutdown by bringing up  the legislation that the House has sent us--the same legislation that  passed the Senate last Congress--to get the full government open and  running again.   We should all be asking: Why won't Senator McConnell use his power to  help 800,000 Federal workers and tens of thousands of government  contractors get their paychecks? No one needs to remind Senator  McConnell that Congress is a separate branch of government. The Senate  can act without the hostage taker President's consent or assent.   Since the amoral President has hunkered down with his hostage  strategy, I call on Senator McConnell to use his power to do his job as  Senate majority leader. More Members of his own caucus are coming  forward every day and calling on him to act, regardless of whether the  President threatens or promises a veto.   It is time for Senator McConnell to stand up to Donald Trump and for  the Senate to do our job and end this shutdown.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   