 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, the  chair of the House Administration Committee, Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren,  of whom we are very proud in California. I thank her for leading us on  this path of patriotism and respecting the oath of office we take.   Madam Speaker, it is just a joy to be having this opportunity to  speak out for the sacred oath to vote, the sacred blessing, the right  to vote as we leave to go on the Fourth of July break.    Madam Speaker, I thank the members of the House Administration  Committee: Mr. Butterfield, whom we heard from yesterday; Mr. Raskin;  Mr. Aguilar; Congresswoman Susan Davis, who presented to us earlier;  and to all of you.   Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Sarbanes. He has been the face of the  future. He has been speaking out against the misrepresentations that  have happened, the propagandizing that has happened by foreign  governments in our election.   Yes, we won the election. We won the election because the American  people were sick and tired of what the Republicans were putting forth.  We won the election in the most gerrymandered, voter suppressed  political arena you could imagine, and yet the American people came  forward.   One the biggest messages we had in the campaign was H.R. 1, to reduce  the role of dark, special-interest money in politics, to stop the  systemic intentional voter suppression by the Republicans across the  country, to stop political gerrymandering on all sides.   Let's do it in a nonpartisan way. Let the chips fall where they may,  and to do so in a way that we are taking a piece of it today to talk  about protecting our electoral system.   In a short while, we will take up the Voting Rights Act that is also  part of H.R. 1.   So this H.R. 1 was very supported by the Democrats, very publicized  to the American people, and part of our For the People agenda: lower  healthcare costs by lowering the cost of prescription drugs and  protecting the preexisting conditions benefit; bigger paychecks by  building the infrastructure of America in a green way; cleaner  government by passing H.R. 1--one of the component parts of what we are  coming together around today.   As we approach the Fourth of July, we must remember the oath that we  take to support and defend the Constitution and to protect the American  people, which demands that this House of Representatives take urgent  action.   We must legislate, we must investigate, and we must litigate to  protect our national security, defend our democracy for the people.   Special Counsel Robert Mueller's report revealed an all-out attack on  our elections by the Russians, concluding that they ``interfered in the  2016 Presidential election in sweeping and systemic fashion.''   Top intelligence and security officials have made clear that these  attacks continue. They are happening, and they are happening now.   This spring, FBI Director Chris Wray warned of a ``365-day-a-year  threat'' from the Russians, explaining that their attacks in our  elections were simply ``a dress rehearsal for the big show in 2020.''   This House has a patriotic duty to protect our democracy from these  attacks. This is a matter of national security. That is why the  Democrats first act in the majority was to advance, as I mentioned,  H.R. 1, For the People Act, to secure our elections.   Today we are building on that progress with the Securing America's  Federal Elections Act, which takes urgently needed action to further  strengthen America's defenses.   This bill closes dangerous gaps in our election systems and brings  our security into the 21st century.   I know that other Members have spoken about the provisions of the  bill, but I just would really like to know from my Republican friends  what is wrong with replacing outdated, vulnerable voting equipment?  What is wrong with requiring paper ballot voting systems to ensure the  integrity of our elections? What is wrong with enacting strong  cybersecurity requirements for elections technology vendors and voting  systems?   We must be relentless in the defense of our democracy, fighting on  all fronts to keep America safe.   There is a reason why the Russians are interfering in our elections,  and other countries may be too, but we can document with full  confidence from the intelligence community that the Russians are. It is  because they want to affect the outcome of the elections, so they can  affect the policy.   I think it was really sad, I was sad to hear, and, hopefully, it will  be retracted, that the President gave a green light to the Russians to  do it again. Really? Really?   This week, we are advancing appropriations legislation that provides  $600 million for election security grants to States, and increases  funding for the Election Assistance Commission, which has been starved  for funding for years, a couple of dollars for every person in our  country to honor the vision of our Founders of a democracy where  everyone who is eligible to vote can vote and everyone's vote is  counted as cast.   Next month, we will advance further legislation to protect our  national security and prevent foreign interference in our elections.   Madam Speaker, I commend the distinguished chairman of the Homeland  Security Committee, Mr. Bennie Thompson, for the great work that he has  been doing with his task force and his committee and other members who  are working with him as we go forward.   We are pleased that the administration has agreed to provide an all- Member briefing on election security that will happen in July, so we  can get the facts. We have been trying to get the facts.   Some people around here may think that it is okay to just make policy  without the facts. We are evidence-based, scientifically oriented,  truth-and-knowledge based on how we go forward, and we look forward to  that briefing.   We also look forward to July 17, when Special Counsel Robert Mueller  will come forward and give testimony.   Our national security is being threatened, and the American people  need answers.   This is not to be fearmongering. This is to be smart and to  anticipate a known challenge that exists and to do something about it.    We can't just talk about the Mueller report and saying what it says  about the Russian interference in our elections, unless we are ready to  do something about it. Today we are, thanks to our distinguished chair,  Chairwoman Lofgren.   There is a need for bipartisan support for our critical commonsense  action to secure our elections.   Unfortunately, Senator McConnell, a self-described crepehanger, has  vowed to kill our bills in the Senate, while the President openly  declares that he sees no problem with foreign interference in our  elections.   The GOP Senate and the White House are giving foreign countries the  green light to attack our country, but the House will do our patriotic  duty to protect America.   Madam Speaker, as we approach the Fourth of July holiday, I urge my  colleagues to remember the oath we took and the democracy we defend,  and to join me in a strong bipartisan vote to defend America's  security.   This isn't about politics. It is about patriotism. As our Founders  said at the beginning of the Constitution in its preamble, we do this  for the people.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairwoman for  yielding and admire her for her distinguished and hard work to bring a  solution to the floor. This is not the one that we had hoped for, but  it is one that we will be voting on today.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Nita Lowey, Congresswoman Lucille Roybal-Allard,  Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro, and all of the appropriators for their  relentless good faith work on a strong bill that we had hoped would  completely protect vulnerable children, keep America safe, and honor  our values.   Today, sadly, and almost with a broken heart, those values are being  undermined by failed policies which have intensified a situation of  heartbreak and horror on the border, all of which challenges the  conscience of America.   I will be brief in just saying, right now, children need their  families. Right now, little children are enduring trauma and terror;  many are living in squalor at the border station, patrol station; some  are sleeping on the cold ground without warm blankets or hot meals.   Kids as young as 7 and 8 years old are watching over infants because  no one else is there to care for them. As one little girl caring for  two infants said: I need comfort, too. I am bigger than they are, but I  am a child, too.   Mr. Speaker, we could have done so much better--so much better--than  what we are faced with today. It is my belief, my colleagues, that our  country is at a moment of truth in acting upon our values as we develop  policies.   I am proud of the work that our appropriators in the House have done  in passing a bill that received overwhelming Democratic support on  Tuesday. It was even bipartisan.   The current situation on the border is shameful and does not reflect  America's values. We don't need anyone--especially the United States  Senate--to tell us what the needs are on the border and that we have to  act expeditiously.   Our Members are very well versed and excellent representatives of the  regions they represent and that are affected, but we want to find a  path to  [[Page H5249]]  improve the conditions under which we are addressing and ministering to  the needs of children and families there.   We are gravely disappointed in the actions taken by the Senate in  opposing the regular order of the Congress of the United States. We  will continue to fight for our values and priorities in our legislation  and beyond.   Our strongest ally in getting a better policy than that which was  passed by the Republican Senate is public opinion. And people and  institutions of good faith in our country, our faith-based institutions  who minister to the needs of our immigrants, know that this is not the  best way to go. So as we go forward, we will continue to fight for our  values with public opinion and faith-based organizations on our side.   The American people are constantly asking the question: Why aren't we  doing a better job to respect the dignity and worth of our children?  The dignity and worth of our children. The dignity and worth of our  children.   That might amuse you, but it is not amusing to the children who are  affected.   The children come first. At the end of the day, we have to make sure  that the resources needed to protect the children are available.  Therefore, we will not engage in the same disrespectful behavior that  the Senate did in ignoring the House priorities.   In order to get resources to the children fastest, we will  reluctantly put the Senate bill on the floor. As the Senate bill  passes--when it does, if it does--it will not be the end of this  debate. It will be the battle cry. It will be the battle cry as to how  we go forward to protect children in a way that truly honors their  dignity and worth, their spark of divinity that they are all children  of God.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Escobar), our  colleague, for the beautiful moment of silence that she held earlier.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their leadership to protect  values, honor our values, keep America safe. As always, with every  vote, it is a vote of conscience.   The situation at the border is a challenge to the conscience of  America. It should be a challenge to the conscience of each and every  one of us. As always, you must vote your conscience.   