 Mr. Speaker, we are standing here today in support of  the PACT Act, to make it a crime to commit abuse that has already been  detected in videos or the videos that we have made illegal.   We need to render the acts illegal. We need to enforce detection. We  need to support enforcement writ large. We need to stand up for the  rights of animals and stand up against animal cruelty.   I come from the great State of Michigan, and this is something that I  have heard from my residents from all corridors throughout my district.   We are home to great equine farms as well as other establishments  that care for animals, and that is a message that we want to put  forward. We want to stop animal abuse on the front end and also stop  other forms of domestic abuse that may arise from it.   I led the Department of Justice appropriations process that directs  the use of Department of Justice funds to enforce our Nation's animal  cruelty laws. Today, with the PACT Act, we are realizing another  important step in protecting the rights of animals and in stopping  abuse before it starts.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. By  bringing up my resolution today, H. Res. 552, we are making clear to  the Russian Government and President Putin that Congress will not  tolerate the indefinite detention of a U.S. citizen without evidence.   For nearly 10 months, my constituent, Paul Whelan of Novi, Michigan,  has been held in a Moscow prison without adequate due process. Paul was  detained last December and continues to be held in a horrifying prison.   We have repeatedly asked the Russian Government to provide Paul with  a fair and transparent judicial process, to no avail. The State  Department has been unwavering in their work on Paul's behalf,  especially Ambassador Huntsman.   The Russian Government has not provided timely updates about Paul's  case. They have not let him select his own attorney. And they have not  provided unrestricted consular access. Next week will be Paul's fourth  pretrial detention hearing. Enough is enough.   After many months in prison, Paul's health is deteriorating. Paul's  family is wondering. Everyone is in the dark, but most especially Paul.  It is long past time that we bring Paul home to his family and get him  the medical care he needs.   This bipartisan resolution calls on the Russian Government to provide  evidence of his wrongdoing or else release Paul immediately. This is  our sense of Congress. It must be our sense of Congress, for we stand  up for Americans abroad.   I thank my friend, Mr. Walberg, for joining me and for the Michigan  delegation. And I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass  this timely resolution.   