 Mr. President, I rise today to express my support for  the National Defense Authorization Act and to highlight amendments that  I have sponsored or cosponsored to enhance opportunities for  servicemembers and their families.   The NDAA represents one of the Senate's most important  responsibilities. It authorizes funding to support our servicemembers,  including those who are serving in harm's way. It sets policy for our  Nation's military and authorizes critical national defense priorities.  It is vitally important to ensure that our men and women in uniform, as  well as our Department of Defense civilians, have the training, ships,  planes, vehicles, and other equipment they need to help defend our  Nation and its interests.   I commend Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed and the other  Members of the Armed Services Committee for their leadership and  bipartisan work on this important legislation. They have done an  excellent job.   This bill contains many provisions that are important to the State of  Maine and to our Nation. To cite just a few items, I am pleased that  the NDAA includes authorization for three Arleigh Burke destroyers, 94  fifth-generation Joint Strike Fighter aircraft, and six CH-53K King  Stallion helicopters. These essential ships and aircraft will help to  ensure that our military maintains its superiority in both the seas and  skies. I also strongly support the 3.1 percent pay increase that  members of the Armed Forces will receive when this bill is signed into  law.   In addition, the NDAA expresses our commitment to key international  partners and allies. For example, the bill includes a full $500 million  authorization to continue the cooperative missile defense programs with  Israel, which are becoming increasingly vital in that volatile region.  It also provides additional security assistance for Ukraine to help  check continued Russian aggression on its eastern and southern borders.   To build on the impressive work done by Chairman Inhofe and the rest  of the committee, I have introduced amendments to improve benefits for  military widows, increased access to and awareness of Department of  Defense and VA apprenticeship programs, and improved temporary duty  travel lodging for DOD employees, such as those serving at the  Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, ME.   The first amendment, which I am pleased to join my colleague Senator  [[Page S4161]]  Doug Jones in sponsoring, calls for the elimination of a longtime  inequity in the Survivor Benefit Plan and the Dependency and Indemnity  Compensation Plan. This inequity, which causes there to be an offset  between the two programs, is commonly known as the military widow's  tax. This unfair offset is currently preventing as many as 65,000  surviving spouses--more than 260 of them in Maine--from receiving the  full benefits that they deserve.   The Department of Defense's Survivor Benefits Plan, or SBP, is  primarily an insurance benefit that military families purchase, usually  in their retirement, and it provides cash benefits to a surviving  spouse or other eligible recipients when the military retiree passes  away. On the other hand, the Department of Veterans Affairs Dependency  and Indemnity Compensation Program, known as DIC, is a monthly tax-free  payment to survivors and dependents of servicemembers who pass away  from service-related conditions.   For example, if a military retiree pays premiums into the insurance  program, then, their spouse ought to be able to receive those benefits  when the retiree passes away. However, what we find instead is that if  the surviving spouse receiving SPB insurance payment is also eligible  for the separate payment from the VA, there is a dollar-for-dollar  offset. In some cases this leads to the total elimination of the  Service Benefit Plan. In other cases, the offset greatly reduces the  amount that is received. In either case, it is out and out unfair, and  it harms survivors of our servicemembers and military retirees.   I am often reminded by our military commanders that you recruit the  soldier, but you retain the family. We have an obligation to make sure  that we are taking care of our military families, who have sacrificed  so much.   This problem goes back decades, but this year can be the time that we  finally solve it. With more than 75 Senators--three-quarters of the  Senate--and 340 Members of the House of Representatives supporting this  effort as cosponsors of the stand-alone bill, this is the year. It is  our time to do our duty, not only to support the brave men and women of  our military but also to honor our commitment to their families.   I would urge all of my colleagues to join in this effort and to  support the repeal of the military widow's tax as part of the National  Defense Authorization Act, and, indeed, Senator Jones and I have  introduced an amendment to do just that.   Mr. President, the second amendment I wish to discuss is one that I  have introduced with Senator Klobuchar. It would authorize  servicemembers transitioning to civilian life to carry out skills  training, apprenticeships, and internship programs at other Federal  Agencies, in addition to the private sector. Currently, the military  services are permitted to authorize servicemember participation in job  training, including apprenticeships and internships, beginning up to 6  months before their service obligation in the military is complete. In  a recent report to Congress, the Department of Defense recommended that  we expand this authority to allow for inclusion of Federal Agencies as  well as the private sector as participants.   I am very grateful to Chairman Inhofe and to Senator Reed for  recently accepting this amendment and including it as part of the NDAA  managers' amendment. That will ensure that these provisions are  included in the Senate bill. This is a win-win for both servicemembers  as well as Federal Agencies, as this simple expansion will create new  opportunities for individual members of the military and allow the  Federal Government to benefit from the talents that our highly trained  soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines bring to their careers  subsequent to their military service. It is a commonsense reform that  will expand access to apprenticeships to our servicemembers and ease  their transition.   Third is an amendment that I introduced with Senator Cantwell. It  would require the Department of Defense, in coordination with the  Departments of Veterans Affairs and Labor, to report on their efforts  to promote the utilization of apprenticeships and on-the-job training  by servicemembers transitioning out of the military. So, obviously,  this report is very much related to the earlier amendment that I just  described.   The dramatic underutilization of apprenticeship and on-the-job  training under the GI bill demonstrates the need to promote these vital  programs. In fiscal year 2018, fewer than 1,500 veterans participated  in apprenticeships and fewer than 1,400 participated in the other kinds  of on-the-job training, and that is out of a universe of over a million  beneficiaries of the VA's educational programs.   One obvious benefit of apprenticeship programs is that graduates  learn hands-on skills for jobs that will immediately be available to  them, and there are many of these kinds of good-paying jobs available  in the State of Maine and elsewhere today.   Finally, there is an amendment that I have introduced with Senators  Shaheen, King, and Hassan. This would address significant problems that  the Department of Defense workers at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in  Kittery, ME, and elsewhere in the country have encountered with the  Department's Integrated Lodging Pilot Program, which was initially  authorized in the 2015 NDAA. The intent of the pilot program was to  save money by assigning TDY lodging first at government facilities and  then at specific commercial lodging at prenegotiated rates. However,  what we have seen with employees at our shipyard is that they are often  being forced to stay in subpar or inconvenient lodging--sometimes, in  areas that simply are not safe.   Workers have shared stories with me and with the other members of the  Maine and New Hampshire delegations about being awoken in the middle of  the night to the sounds of loud shouts while staying at required  government lodging, as well as more serious incidences of robberies and  shootings nearby. In other cases, travelers describe staying in remote  lodging on military installations without security or desk attendants  nearby to resolve standard issues that are ordinarily addressed quickly  at commercial hotels--basic things like dealing with room keys that  don't work or addressing other problems in the hotel rooms.   Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, in fact, has directed its travel office to  no longer use the Integrated Lodging Pilot Program for travel to at  least one installation due to repeated problems with personnel who were  promised lodging only to find that it was not even available when they  arrived, leaving these workers scrambling to find an alternative place  to stay.   This was a pilot project that simply did not work. It is for these  reasons that I have joined my colleagues from Maine and New Hampshire  in introducing an amendment that simply allows this pilot program to  end in December of this year as currently scheduled. This program may  be something worth revisiting after we straighten out the problems with  it--certainly, after Congress reviews the still uncompleted DOD report  on the pilot. But for the time being, it clearly has not worked well  for the workers at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard and other DOD  employees, and it should be allowed to expire at the end of this year.   I am very proud of the role that the State of Maine plays in our  national defense. From the accounting center in northern Maine to the  Air National Guard base in Bangor that refuels so many military  aircraft, to contractors like Bath Iron Works, where we will christen a  ship on Saturday in honor of our former colleague Senator Daniel  Inouye, to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, to countless other  smaller suppliers, the State of Maine is essential to our national  security.   Enactment of this bill is vitally important to the security of our  Nation. I would encourage my colleagues to support the underlying bill,  as well as these commonsense amendments.   I yield the floor.   