 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand as a member  of this subcommittee to support the BRIDGE for Workers Act.   Mr. Speaker, no person wants to be without a job. I think that the  hardest and most important thing that we as Members of Congress can do  is to support the American worker to not only stay employed and find  jobs, but, when they have to lose their job, that they are helped to be  retrained--and that is exactly what this bill will do.   This bill will provide better reemployment services. Right now, they  are limited. By expanding it, we will help American workers who are  unemployed get back to work quicker and faster.   I want to acknowledge that this is a bipartisan bill. It is exactly  what the American people need to see us do, which is to help workers  maintain their dignity by not only staying employed but, when they lose  their job, getting reemployed.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece of  legislation and want to thank the chairman of our subcommittee and the  ranking member of our subcommittee for bringing this bipartisan bill to  the floor.    Mr. Speaker, as we approach tax day, I am  proud to support the passage of the Taxpayer First Act, a commonsense,  bipartisan piece of legislation to improve the relationship between  taxpayers and the IRS.   Tax season is often confusing and overly burdensome for millions of  families and small business owners across this country as people spend  countless hours struggling to correctly file their taxes. Outdated IRS  systems and practices contribute to this confusion and jeopardize the  security of taxpayers' personal information. Additionally, too many  taxpayers don't have reliable access to customer service supports and  timely dispute resolution.   The Taxpayer First Act includes a number of important provisions to  address these challenges, expanding taxpayer assistance services and  improving data security. Families in my Alabama district and across  this country will benefit from this bill codifying the Free File  program, shielding certain low-income households from private debt  collectors, and making more resources available online.   I am proud that the Taxpayer First Act also includes a provision that  I had in my bill that I introduced with a Republican colleague, Jason  Smith, the Preserving Taxpayers' Rights Act. This provision establishes  an independent office of appeals within the IRS and gives taxpayers a  legal right to impartial, timely, and efficient dispute resolution. It  also helps protect taxpayers by clarifying the limited scope of cases  that can be litigated and prevents the IRS from outsourcing audits of  private taxpayers to outside law firms.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Lewis and Congressman Kelly for  their continued support and leadership on this legislation. I know this  legislation has been introduced and passed the House three times, but I  know that Congressman Lewis knows that when you are right, and you are  fighting on behalf of the American people for what is right, you must  persist and keep fighting to get to the finish line. It is called good  trouble, according to Congressman Lewis, and we are getting into good  trouble today by helping to make the tax filing process more efficient,  fair, and secure for the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense,  bipartisan legislation.   