 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today to draw attention to an important issue  that I hope we can begin to address.   Research is at the core of our ever-changing agriculture industry,  including in my district. Our farms rely on research from land grant  universities like Washington State University to build resilience in  the face of a changing climate, to manage pests and diseases, and to  respond to drought stresses. As the number one USDA research and  expenditures university in the country, Washington State University's  work helps farmers in my district expand new varieties of economic  powerhouse crops like pears, cherries, wine grapes, apples, potatoes,  and hops.   Prior to the recent farm bill signed into law last December, the USDA  could exempt nonprofit and land grant universities like Washington  State University from a requirement that Specialty Crop Research  Initiative grant recipients match the Federal Government dollar for  dollar. It is really important to note that this waiver authority for  matching requirements is available to every other ag research program  in the farm bill except specialty crop research.   During consideration of the recently passed farm bill, a Senate- originated provision that dropped the exemption was included. This will  have devastating impacts on agriculture in my district and around the  country.   Washington is the second most agriculturally diverse State in the  Nation, growing everything from potatoes to peppermint, apples to  azaleas, and wine grapes to barley and wheat. Washington State  University partners with the USDA to make the State of Washington one  of the largest and most successful agriculture enterprises in the  world.  [[Page H3706]]    From the beginning, Washington farmers, WSU, Washington State  Department of Agriculture, and the USDA have joined forces to improve  the productivity, efficiency, and safety of products coming from our  State's fields and pastures.   For example, in 2018, WSU received more than $5 million in funding to  research pests threatening grapes, onions, garlic, and other specialty  crops. This important research, which supports our State's diverse  agricultural economy, would be jeopardized under the matching  requirement authorized last year.   This bipartisan amendment would underscore congressional support for  vital public research like the work at Washington State University. I  urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, in summary, I would like to encourage my  colleagues to support this amendment. It will fund research throughout  the country and end a process that is unfair to specialty crop farmers.   I yield back the balance of my time.   