 HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman  Stevens for yielding to me.   I am honored to rise this evening to talk about our accomplishments  in the first 100 days. As a Representative of Oklahoma and Oklahoma's  Fifth Congressional District, I talked to people all across my district  about what is important to them, about what is paramount, and above and  beyond everything else, the thing I heard from people across my  district is that people need a voice. That is exactly what we have done  in this first 100 days.   From day one, I have said and will continue to say and advocate for  the people of Oklahoma in the Fifth Congressional District that their  voice is number one.   Throughout this time, we have prioritized commonsense solutions for  the people of Oklahoma, legislation and actions that help to improve  the lives of everyday individuals. I have shown that with the time I  have spent back in my district talking to and listening to the people  there.   In order to hear from as many people as possible, we have held eight  public events, or townhalls, ranging from coffee meetings to large  townhall gatherings. From Seminole to Oklahoma City, from Oklahoma City  Community College to diners, in both Oklahoma and Washington, D.C., I  have met with more than 2,300 Oklahomans over the course of more than  200 meetings.   In response to inquiries from folks back home, I have replied to  thousands of calls, letters, emails, and text messages about issues  that are most important to them. Over and over I have heard: We need a  voice.   So I have cosponsored 28 pieces of bipartisan legislation ranging  from ensuring that the Indian Health Service is funded to increasing  transparency in politics with the passage of H.R. 1, to ensuring that  those individuals have that voice.   When we came in in the middle of a, sadly, historic shutdown, I spoke  up for the members of the FAA and our Federal employees, including our  air traffic controllers, because we should never play politics with  people's lives. No family should have to endure the hardships caused by  partisan political games.   I cosponsored legislation; that is the Shutdown to End All Shutdowns  Act. And beyond that, we stood up for paycheck fairness and for wage  equality, which is not just a women's issue. This is an issue that  impacts our families and our communities and our overall quality of  life.   I have spoken up for education and ensuring that everyone has access  to quality, available healthcare. That includes protecting people with  preexisting conditions, lifetime caps, and working, as we will continue  to do, to make prescription drugs more affordable.   As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I have been a  vocal advocate for our servicemen and -women who have, sadly, had to  deal with substandard housing.   I have spoken up for the security of our Nation, but also for respect  for every single individual in our district.   And in an effort to stay in touch with all corners of the district, I  have toured some of our most critical facilities, from Tinker Air Force  Base to the Palomar Family Justice Center and the Regional Food Bank of  Oklahoma, and so many more.   I have spoken with some of our most vital organizations, like the  VFW, the Black Chamber of Commerce, the Farm Bureau, education and  healthcare advocates, as well as local elected leaders, about  priorities in our communities.   I have even had the privilege of showing a sheep at the Oklahoma  Youth Expo, the largest youth expo in the Nation.   I am proud of what we have accomplished so far, and I am especially  proud to serve with this historic freshman class. I look forward to  what we accomplish moving forward and to being an independent voice for  Oklahomans.   We have only begun, and I look forward to what we can accomplish in  the next 100 days and the next 100 days after that to put the people  first.   