 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the importance of passing the expired tax credit provisions for many  small businesses and industries that support families and help  revitalize economic, depressed communities, and those that are  underserved.   We all know that 2 years ago, the Republicans and President Trump  enacted a $2 trillion tax break for large corporations, and there was a  lot of lobbying here that went in to getting that legislation passed.  Yet, when it comes to these provisions, which are just about tax  certainty in the Tax Code that has been there for decades that really  needs to be reauthorized, Congress is not getting the job done, and we  need to come to terms now about why it is so important to help small  businesses have tax certainty in the code, to help families and  communities, and to get this provision done by December 31.   We all know how important it is that these individuals, green energy  companies, economic development, and many other aspects of the Tax Code  are being basically held hostage--since, I believe, 2017--by Congress's  inattention to this issue. Our Tax Code is most effective when we have  certainty, predictability, and when we have made decisions out of  Congress that we think we do want to incent and motivate investment.   Renewables are a large source of private sector infrastructure  investment, and the clean energy tax credits have allowed industry to  scale and invest in technologies that have brought prices down in wind  by 68 percent and solar prices by 88 percent. We have seen unbelievable  growth in the energy sector because of our investments in the green  energy tax credits.   Another example is the biodiesel tax credit that I worked on with  Chairman Grassley for years. That particular tax credit and its  uncertainty and Congress's failure to act and give predictability have  led to more than 10 biodiesel plants being closed so far, and there  could be many more closed if we fail to act before December 31.   This means a loss of jobs and a loss of production of fuel. It means  the loss of economic benefit to regions, and it means an impact to  soybean and other sectors that have been a part of this growing  economy. We need to act before more plants close.   I am very concerned about a particular facility in Grays Harbor, WA.  While it may employ only 37 people at this point in time, Grays Harbor  is an important point in the Washington State economy, located on our  coast, and has many great attributes positioned for the future of  trade. Not only do I want to see biodiesel grow, I want to see  biodiesel exports grow. I think it is shortsighted that Congress can't  get its act together to give people predictability and certainty about  the Tax Code.   Let's talk about some other examples that are not just about clean  energy--for example, the medical expense deduction. These deductions  give taxpayers certainty on deductions for high out-of-pocket medical  costs, and these are things that allow people to deduct qualified  expenses that exceed 7\1/2\ percent of their gross income through 2018.  This year, the threshold increased to 10 percent of adjusted gross  income. If we are not going to give people certainty, it is going to be  more dollars out of their pockets.   Another example is the mortgage debt forgiveness. When you lose your  home, you should not have to pay taxes on your mortgage debt. That is  what is going to happen if we don't give people certainty in the Tax  Code. Without this provision, if your house is foreclosed on and the  remaining debt forgiveness is in bankruptcy, the amount you would have  to pay is the same amount you would have to owe instead of being  forgiven.   So, to me, that inability to not have that mortgage debt deduction-- it is just wrong that Congress can't get its act together. If you are  going to get your act together and pass a major bill  [[Page S6872]]  for corporations, you should at least give small businesses and  individual taxpayers the certainty they deserve in the Tax Code.   These provisions have been in the Tax Code for a long, long time.  This is not like a surprise. It is not as if we haven't done this  before. But instead of taking care of today's Tax Code before December  31, people are off making grandiose discussions.   I get it that some people on this side of the aisle would like to  change and make corrections to the Tax Code, and other people on our  side of the aisle would like to make a $100 billion investment in child  tax credit. Look, I am appreciative of that discussion, but quit waging  that battle, and do our day job, and take the Tax Code and the expiring  provisions, and give taxpayers certainty by the 31st of this month.   Another example is that the expired provisions would help address the  high cost of higher education by allowing students and families to  deduct up to $4,000 for tuition and other high education costs. With  total student loan debt of $1.5 trillion and average student debt of  over $31,000, provisions like these on deductibility are very  important.   On employment and economic development, nearly 26 percent of the  provisions that are expiring are related to incentivizing employment  investment in lower income communities.       The new markets tax credit. There is probably not a Member in the  Senate who has not had a jurisdiction in their State use the new  markets tax credit as one of the most effective economic development  and community tools. This credit encourages private investments in low- income communities. Since the program was enacted in 2000, the new  markets tax credit has delivered over $95 billion in project financing  to more than 6,000 projects and created over 1 million jobs.   Why can't we have certainty on the new markets tax credit by December  31 of this year? There is no reason.   The new markets tax credits expire, and where are we going to be on  building affordable housing, healthcare facilities, community clinics,  research and technology incubators, and mixed-use commercial programs?  I see no reason why we can't get this job done. I have been working  with Senators Cardin and Blunt on a bill that would make this program  permanent, and, hopefully, we wouldn't have to go through this routine  every year.   But take another example. The work opportunity tax credit has been an  incredibly effective tool in helping individuals, including veterans,  to find gainful employment. The work opportunity tax credit provides up  to $2,400 for hiring a certified person, including veterans and people  receiving SNAP and TANF benefits. We know this program works. In my  State, for each person certified to receive the tax credit, there is a  net savings of $17,700 in Federal subsidies. Where is the voice for  people who say: Let's give a tax credit and put people to work and  actually reduce Federal subsidies? Oh, we are letting it expire again  and giving uncertainty in the Tax Code.   Why? I am not sure because people are too busy posturing in a big  debate instead of getting our basic tax extender homework done. Let's  not continue to fail. Let's get out here and give these work  opportunity tax credits the predictability people would like to see. In  2013, Washington had over 26,000 individuals certified with the tax  credit, helping them find employment, and that represented a total of  $42 million in savings.   All of these issues I am talking about--investments in our  communities, investments in tax credits that give businesses  certainties so that they can continue to drive down costs, investments  in low-income communities, investments to help retrain and get people  off the subsidies--why can't we get this done? I hope that people will  understand that these small businesses and these families don't have  people running through the halls to lobby for them as they did on the  big corporate tax break, but I guarantee you, they deserve the tax  certainty. They deserve the predictability.   Yes, we can continue to debate the last big tax bill all through  2020. I guarantee you that we will spend a lot of time talking about  it, and each side can raise their voice and wage their battle. But do  not fail to get this basic job done that we keep failing to do-- literally, not giving these businesses and individuals certainty, I  think, since 2017. People keep thinking you are going to make it  retroactive for 3 years. No, stop. Get this job done and give the  certainty to small businesses and underserved communities that they  deserve. Help them to succeed just like you helped big corporations.   I yield the floor.   