 Madam President, I rise today to pay tribute to my  longtime staff member and friend, Bill Sweeney, who will be moving on  to a new challenge in his career after nearly 20 years of service on my  team.   Bill actually started working on the campaign November 1, 1999, and  we were sharing stories of his being up in a crowded little space  changing my ``Stabenow for U.S. Congress'' signs to ``Stabenow for U.S.  Senate'' signs with little stickers that we used because we didn't have  very much money at the time.   Bill has been with me a long, long time, and after so many years, it  is tough to know what to say because there is so much to say.   Bill Sweeney has worn more hats on my team than anyone ever has. He  started working on my campaign, as I mentioned, for the U.S. Senate as  a fundraiser. After the campaign, I hired him as my systems  administrator, and he played an integral role in setting up my new  Senate office. By the way, we are still today using the systems he set  up, and I truly believe they are the best the Senate has.   After a short time, I promoted him to director of information  technology. Then, Bill's gift for messaging and writing led to more  promotions as my director of outreach, speechwriter, and then senior  communications adviser.   Eventually, he took on a broader role on my team as deputy chief of  staff, chief of staff, and his position now as staff director of the  Democratic Policy and Communications Committee. But these are just  Bill's official titles.   He has been a key strategist, writer, crisis manager, event planner,  grammarian, computer programmer, and graphic designer. From directing  key communications initiatives to designing floor charts, no job has  been too big or too small for Bill, and I will be forever grateful.   He has drafted and edited countless speeches, columns, releases,  constituent letters, statements, and talking points over the years.   Born and raised in Michigan, he has always been able to capture the  values and the heart of Michigan in his writings. His attention to  detail is impeccable. He is an expert on proofreading and has  impressively planned and organized our annual caucus retreats and has  provided us with extraordinary experiences and speakers.   Bill is also one of the most creative people I know, from designing  logos to inventing the Velcro ``countdown'' floor chart, like the one  you see here, which shows how many days Bill has worked for me in the  U.S. Senate. It is actually very cool. I have to show you: They come  off. That is pretty inventive. Whenever you see these on the floor of  the U.S. Senate, you can think of Bill Sweeney. So we had to make sure  Bill had his own chart before leaving.   He is someone who has always been able to make something look good  and function well at the same time. He has a passion for organization.  He designed many of the systems that my office relies on to run  efficiently today. As I said earlier, we literally are using integrated  systems that Bill has designed over the years.   Bill is also one of the smartest people I know. I will miss his sharp  wit and his sense of humor. With all of the hats Bill has worn, he is  leaving very big shoes to fill. I will always be incredibly grateful  for his loyalty, his work ethic, his friendship, and his passion for  service.   Bill will be joining the team at AARP and continuing to work on so  many issues we have championed together over the years. I wish him  incredible success and happiness in his new chapter in his career. I  apologize, but I am so happy he is moving on to a big challenge and yet  so sorry to lose him.   Thank you, Bill.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   