 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support reauthorization of  my Newborn Screening Saves Lives Act, which I first introduced in 2002.   Let me begin by extending my sincere gratitude to Congressman  Mike  Simpson for our 15-year partnership championing newborn screening. Many  thanks to Congresswomen Katherine Clark and Jaime Herrera Beutler who,  this year, joined us as House champions. And my heartfelt appreciation  to the coalition of public health groups, who continue to support my  newborn screening efforts, especially the March of Dimes and the APHL.   Newborn screening involves a baby receiving a simple blood test to  identify life-threatening diseases before symptoms begin. Prior to the  first newborn screening test being developed, these children would have  died or suffered lifelong disabilities.   And, until enactment of my original newborn screening bill in 2008,  newborn screenings and access to follow-up information were not  consistent and available to families in all communities. At that time,  only 10 States and the District of Columbia required infants to be  screened for a complete panel of recommended disorders, and there was  no Federal repository of information on the diseases.   Today, 49 States and D.C. require screening of at least 31 of the 35  core treatable conditions, and a national clearinghouse of newborn  screening information is available for parents and professionals.   Rapid identification and treatment make the difference between health  and disability--or even life and death--for the approximately 12,000  babies who, each year, test positive for one of these serious  conditions.   In addition, this simple test saves our healthcare system millions of  dollars in care for each child who is identified and treated early.   This truly public health success story exemplifies what can be  accomplished when private and public institutions, industry, advocates,  scientists, providers, and parents partner to ensure a healthier future  for our children.   Mr. Speaker, to maintain and advance the incredible progress that we  have made over the last decade, we must reauthorize the Newborn  Screening Saves Lives Act.   Passing H.R. 2507 will ensure the advisory committee continues its  critical  [[Page H7368]]  work of recommending new screenings to State programs. It will  guarantee access to the most current follow-up programs and educational  materials for parents and providers, as well as high-quality technical  assistance for State programs and public health labs.   Reauthorization will also commission a National Academies of Sciences  study to make recommendations for a 21st century newborn screening  system.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the passage of H.R. 2507 to  ensure all our newborns receive the comprehensive and consistent  testing and follow up that they will need for a healthy and productive  life.   