 Madam Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the  ``Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019.''   H.R. 1994, the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement  (SECURE) Act helps Americans to save more for a secure retirement and  delivering a urgently needed fix for Gold Star military families facing  drastic tax hikes under the GOP tax scam.   This legislation:   Makes it easier for small businesses to offer retirement plans to  their employees;   Ensures that hard-working home health care workers can receive  retirement benefits; and,   Eliminates the unexpected and unfair enormous tax increases caused by  the GOP tax scam that were on the survivorship benefits of children in  Gold Star military families already facing the extraordinary hardship  of losing a loved one.   The spouses of our fallen heroes sometimes sign over earned benefits  to their children to ensure the family receives all benefits.   This bill will help Gold Star Families who are being taxed unfairly  by the Trump Tax Cut.   But because the new Republican tax law brought changes to how  children's assets are taxed, many Gold Star Families are required to  pay thousands of additional dollars in taxes on survivor benefits--a  crushing blow to families who have already given so much to our  country.   Prior to the Trump Tax Cut Scam, money given by the military to the  children of troops who died on duty were taxed at the same rate as  their surviving parents.   But under Trump's tax cuts the changes included in the December 2017  tax law overhaul, those benefits were instead treated the same as  family estate transfers, which increased the tax rate from no more than  15 percent to up to 37 percent.   This change significantly raised the tax bills for many of those  military families.   It is important to provide these needed changes to protect Gold Star  Families, and I look forward to the additional changes that are under  way to help others hurt by the inequity of the Trump tax hike for the  very rich.   