 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have a brief statement. I ask unanimous  consent that I be permitted to complete my statement before the vote  begins.    Mr. President, I rise in support of the resolution to  terminate the emergency declaration. I want to thank Senator Udall, the  Senator from New Mexico, for his leadership.   The question presented by this resolution is not whether you are for  a border wall or against a border wall. The question is not whether you  believe the security at our southern border is sufficient or it should  be strengthened. Instead, the question is a far more fundamental and  significant one. The question is simply this: Should the Congress of  the United States of America yield its constitutionally prescribed  power of the purse to the President?   The answer to that question, regardless of who is in the White House  and who is controlling Congress, should be no.   Congress alone is empowered by the Constitution to adopt laws  directing money to be spent from the U.S. Treasury. We must stand up  and defend our role that the Framers very clearly set forth in the  Constitution. Congress must do that even when to do so goes against the  outcome that we might prefer.   I have consistently supported funding for the construction of  physical barriers and for strengthening security on our southern  border. I will continue to support those efforts and believe and  understand they are important, but I cannot support the President's  unilaterally deciding to take money that has been appropriated for one  purpose and diverting those billions of dollars for another purpose no  matter how important or worthy that goal may be.   My colleagues, irrespective of whether you support or oppose a border  wall, I urge you today to support this resolution and stand up for the  separation of powers laid out in our Constitution. In doing so, you are  standing up for our Constitution.   Thank you.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   