 Mr. Speaker, I rise to call for an end to the Trump  shutdown. This Republican-imposed shutdown is threatening job creation,  harming small businesses and leaving families with uncertainty and  instability.   It is shameful that President Trump and Congressional Republicans are  so desperate to secure taxpayer funding for a senseless border wall  that they're willing to harm hardworking Americans by shutting down the  federal government.   This outrageous shutdown is forcing 420,000 federal employees to work  without pay. These dedicated public servants have been doing their jobs  and serving the public without pay since December 22. They include  about 14,000 FBI agents, 6,000 Forest Service firefighters, and 54,000  Customs and Border Protection agents. Furthermore, thousands of airport  security screeners and air traffic controllers are working without pay  to protect the safety of the flying public at airports throughout the  country, including LAX in my congressional district.   In addition, 400,000 federal employees have been furloughed without  pay. This includes federal workers at the Departments of  Transportation, State, Commerce, Interior and Agriculture.   These dedicated public servants are sitting at home wondering how  they will pay their mortgages and buy food for their families. Yet,  they want nothing more than to go back to work serving the American  people.   As the Chair of the House Committee on Financial Services, I am  especially concerned about the impact of the Trump Shutdown on American  homebuyers and renters. Millions of families that rely on Department of  Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and Department of Agriculture  (USDA) rental assistance programs are dangerously close to eviction and  foreclosure due to lapses in funding. Families aspiring to become  homeowners may see their Federal Housing Administration (FHA) or rural  housing loans delayed or be unable to close on their loans altogether  during the shutdown. In rural communities, very low-income, elderly  homeowners who rely on HUD grants and loans to address health and  safety hazards will not receive payments and may be forced to live in  dangerous conditions.   In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the agency  that investors and the public rely on to police Wall Street and  maintain the safety of our capital markets system has furloughed  roughly 94% of its staff, leading to a backlog of complaints that could  delay enforcement actions. Companies looking to go public and enter the  stock market for the first time may also have to delay their Initial  Public Offerings (IPOs).   Meanwhile, our National Parks are overflowing with uncollected trash,  and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has stopped conducting  inspections of drinking water systems, hazardous waste facilities, and  chemical facilities.   If the Trump shutdown continues beyond January, about 40 percent of  40 million individuals and families across the country who are  dependent upon the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP),  also known as Food Stamps, will see their benefits reduced.   These are just a few examples of the harm being caused by the third  shutdown this nation has experienced since Trump took office. It is  time for Republicans to stop jeopardizing livelihoods, the financial  system, and our economy by ending this shutdown immediately.   It's long past time to end this Trump shutdown, and put America's  public servants back to work serving the public.    