 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  840, the Veterans' Access to Child Care Act.   As a former national security official, as the wife of a retired Army  officer, and a stepmom to a new Army lieutenant, I strongly support  H.R. 840, the Veterans' Access to Child Care Act, and any legislation  that helps our veterans access and use VA healthcare that they have  earned and to which they are entitled.   My amendment would take a simple but important step toward better  serving military families and veterans. Specifically, it would  authorize the Secretary of Veterans' Affairs to consult with the  Secretary of Defense in implementing this legislation.   The need for better DOD-VA coordination on every front is not new.  From education to job training and healthcare, Congress has taken many  steps to encourage, to prod, to require, and, in some cases, to demand  that DOD and the VA work together and better coordinate the services  they provide to military families and veterans.   And as I can tell you from very personal experience, you do not have  to spend much time with veterans in my district to know the stories of  faulty connections, gaps in communication, and mismatched systems that  confound our ability to serve military families and veterans evenly.   I am standing here today because I believe we should take every  opportunity to encourage the kind of coordination that eases these  connections. Childcare is an area in which DOD and the VA can and  should collaborate more closely, especially as the two departments work  to better coordinate the provision of healthcare benefits to millions  of retirees and their families.   The Veterans' Access to Child Care Act would add valuable childcare  services to VA patients to help them keep vital medical appointments  that they might otherwise have missed in the absence of childcare  options.   Simultaneously, the Department of Defense has been working to expand  childcare options for military families, addressing an urgent need for  services that don't just care for families, but contribute to military  readiness.   Both of these efforts are vitally important, which means that the  Department of Defense and VA should look for any opportunity to work  together and expand childcare options for the families they serve.  What's more, thousands of military members on Active Duty and in the  Reserve component are married to veterans. Thousands of dual military  families today will eventually become military and veteran families  tomorrow, and my stepdaughter is married to a military officer, so this  one is particularly personal.   This is just another reason that coordination between the Department  of Defense and VA childcare programs can help us better serve these  populations.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to push for  stronger coordination between the VA and the Department of Defense.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Takano).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   