 Mr. Chair, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)  has broad authority to protect consumers and is tasked specifically  with targeting fraud, deceptive advertising, robocalls, identity theft,  and online privacy.   Hardly a day goes by when personal private or financial data isn't  lost to an online data breach or theft. Americans deserve to have  greater privacy protections for what they do online. And we need an FTC  that has the tools necessary to go after bad actors and hold them  accountable.   I'd like to compliment the Appropriations Committee for providing the  FTC with a $40 million increase from FY19. FTC needs more resources to  protect our personal online data, but I remain concerned that the FTC  will still struggle to fulfill its mission and hold companies  accountable for violations of the law, data breaches and particularly  our children's online privacy. Every week there is a new report of  companies skirting the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. When  the FTC does go after bad actors it is often too late and the penalties  are too insignificant.   On the Energy and Commerce Committee, my colleagues and I are working  to improve children's online privacy protections. Recently, as part of  that work, FTC Chairman Simons testified that a FTC $5.7 million  settlement with a company that illegally collected information on  children, in violation of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act,  was the largest civil penalty in an children's online privacy case.  Unfortunately, the penalty was too low to ensure online companies are  following the law.   The video social networking app Musical.ly, now known as TikTok,  settled very serious case where TikTok was collecting location data on  children that was discernible to people in the neighborhood. TikTok  made it very difficult for children and parents to close accounts.  TikTok made it practically impossible to complain. And TikTok would not  delete profiles after someone did close an account.   TikTok is now owned by Chinese company Bytedance, which is valued at  $75 billion. That means that the FTC's record setting fine was 0.0076  percent of Bytedance's value. No CEO is going to blink an eye at a fine  that inconsequential. Companies will just see small FTC fines as a cost  of doing business and will continue to elevate profits over privacy,  especially when it come to our kids.   The FTC also has launched a probe of You Tube for potential  violations of COPPA and a broad consensus has emerged that many other  bad actors violate the law on a regular basis.   One of the reasons for the lack of enforcement is too few resources  focused specifically on children's privacy. Currently the FTC only has  40 full time staff devoted to protecting privacy and data security for  the entire country. In comparison, the U.K. which has 1/5th the  population of the U.S. has 500 full time staff in its Information  Commissioners' office. Ireland, which has 1/65th the population of the  U.S. has 110 full time staff in its Data Protection Commissioner's  office. Something does not add up here.   My amendment encourages the FTC to take enforcement action against  companies that fail to protect children's privacy and encourages  Congress to give the FTC the resources it needs to fulfill its overall  mission.   