 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and for his leadership, and also Chairman Engel as well as Mr.  Smith for their commitment on this and so many issues.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 517. This important  resolution reaffirms our commitment to ending AIDS and calls on our  government to maintain its historic contribution to the Global Fund.   As one of the original authors of the Global Fund and as co-chair of  the HIV/AIDS Caucus, I am pleased that we are moving this bill forward.   This legislation has one of the greatest impacts on lives of people  around the world. Since 2002, the Global Fund and PEPFAR have saved 32  million lives. That is 32 million lives. That is unbelievable.   What is more, the Global Fund has cut the number of AIDS-related  deaths in half since 2005 and helped to reduce TB deaths by 37 percent.   Mr. Speaker, our country's strong support of this program, which has  been bipartisan, coupled with new scientific advances, has helped us  turn the tide on achieving an AIDS-free generation.   Just this year, during the Global Fund's Sixth Replenishment  Conference, the United States maintained its strong commitment to $1.56  billion a year. That is a 33 percent contribution to this important  fund.   I am glad that we are here today to reaffirm our commitment to the  Global Fund and its sixth replenishment fund. The bipartisan and  multilateral commitment to this program cannot be overstated.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to close by lifting up the legacy of my  predecessor, a great statesman, Congressman Ron Dellums, who inspired  my legislation to establish the framework for the Global Fund.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my partner, Republican Congressman Jim Leach,  for his spirit of bipartisanship in helping me get this bill through  the Banking and Financial Services Committee; former President Bill  Clinton, who signed the Global AIDS and TB Relief Act of 2000 to  establish the Global Fund; and, of course, the late Kofi Annan, who  served as Secretary General of the United Nations and who boldly took  this idea to the U.N. and led the global effort for support.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this resolution,  vote ``yes'' to saving lives.   Mr. Speaker, again, I thank everyone for being here today. Sunday, of  course, was World AIDS Day, and we led a delegation to the United  Nations. We had high-level meetings, and everyone applauded the United  States for its leadership.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding, and I thank her for her tireless leadership on this issue and  so  [[Page H9215]]  many issues, and also for forming the bipartisan caucus as it relates  to our HBCUs; because this bipartisan caucus, once she got here, she  hit the ground running, and it has never been the same. I am a proud  member of the caucus, and I just want to thank her for her tremendous  leadership.   Also, I thank our chair of the Congressional Black Caucus,  Congresswoman Karen Bass, for her leadership in helping to put together  this Special Order tonight.   It is really an honor to be here tonight to support our Nation's  Historically Black Colleges and Universities; and, of course, I am in  full support of the FUTURE Act.   Madam Speaker, Malcolm X once declared: ``Education is our passport  to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it  today.''   For over 150 years, Historically Black Colleges have provided these  passports for students. One of the largest populations of students at  HBCUs come from my home State of California. In fact, it may be the  largest number of students at HBCUs are from California, including my  grandson, Jonah, whom you know.   Black students in California would never have the opportunity to go  to college if it were not for HBCUs. So, for them and for their  families, I am deeply grateful.   HBCUs have always offered African American young men and women a  quality, affordable education at times when access to institutions of  higher learning was limited or completely closed off to African  Americans.   With over 101 HBCUs across the Nation and 9 percent of all African  American college students attending HBCUs, they are more important than  ever in providing students a superior education.   And, yes, it is the manifestation of the fact that Black lives do  matter. They do matter.   Now, as a member of the funding committee, the Labor-HHS-Education  Appropriations Subcommittee, I know just how important HBCU funding is.  That is why we fought each and every year to increase HBCU funding,  this year by $93 million above fiscal year `19 levels and the  President's request.   Let me say, also, that I did not have the honor of attending an HBCU,  but I come from a family with deep roots at HBCUs. My grandfather and  two aunts graduated from then Huston-Tillotson College in Austin,  Texas.   I just have to tell you, my 99-year-old aunt, Aunt Lois, whom I spent  Thanksgiving with, spent her whole time talking to me about her  education at her HBCU, at Huston-Tillotson College. She wants more  young people to receive the stellar education that she received, and  she is 99 years old. She is an unbelievable woman.   HBCUs provided her that educational foundation for her life. She did  an amazing job working and setting up businesses. She attributes that  to everything she learned at HBCUs.    Also, my mother attended Prairie View A&M University and also  Southern University.   I have been the beneficiary of the values and the academic foundation  provided to me through my family's attendance and involvement at these  great institutions.   Two of my nieces, Michelle and Nicole, graduated from Prairie View.  They are amazing young Black women making their mark in the world.   HBCUs have a rich history to look back on and a vibrant future ahead,  so I am proud tonight to join my colleagues in supporting HBCUs.   I thank Congresswoman Adams for her commitment and her leadership to  the education of our young African American students because she truly  is securing the future, not only for our students and their families,  but for our country and for the world.   