 Madam Speaker, as vice chair of the Energy  and Commerce Committee, I rise today to thank the House Energy and  Commerce Committee Chairman Frank Pallone and Ranking Member Walden,  and Subcommittee Chair  Mike Doyle and Ranking Member Latta, for their  leadership on this bipartisan effort to bring this important piece of  legislation to the floor.   Today, I want to speak to the intrusive reality and damaging  repercussions of robocalls and voice my support for H.R. 3375, the  Stopping Bad Robocalls Act.   While the illegality of these calls is an issue, the insistent  presence of them is causing American citizens to no longer view their  phone as a legitimate form of communication, thus impacting legitimate  business.   Adding to this, robocalls are actively hurting the pockets of  Americans, as multitudes are scammed daily, costing the American public  millions of dollars.   During committee markup, I introduced the Clarke-Bilirakis amendment  based on the base bill, Ending One-Ring Scams Act of 2019, and, Madam  Speaker, I thank Mr. Bilirakis for his leadership.   This was a bipartisan effort to ensure that the American people are  protected from this harmful culture of one-ring scams.   The nature of these one-ring scams may seem ridiculous. However, they  have been effective in scamming the American people. With one-ring  scams, the goal of the scammer is not for you to answer, but, rather,  for you to make the call back.   One-ring calls may appear to be from phone numbers somewhere in the  United States, including initial digits that resemble U.S. area codes.  If one calls back, these citizens risk being connected to a phone  number outside of the United States, thus resulting in one being  charged a fee for just connecting.   Ad nauseam, the good people of Brooklyn's Ninth Congressional  District have voiced their outrage with the state of their security and  privacy as the threat of one-ring scams grows more prevalent.   Madam Speaker, before I conclude my remarks, I would be remiss if I  did not thank my colleagues who helped lead on today's effort,  Congressman Bilirakis and Congressman Van Drew.   Madam Speaker, I want to say to those who are fraudulent: Today, game  over.   