 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the  Veterans' Care Quality Transparency Act.   With Memorial Day just around the corner, I am humbled to see these  bipartisan efforts to bring forward legislation that will help all  veterans receive the care that they have earned through their service  to our Nation.   I am so pleased to see the chairman's focus on ensuring access to  healthcare for veterans, particularly women veterans, who face unique  challenges navigating a VA system originally designed to serve men.   I am committed to working to make needed improvements to the VA by  working with my colleagues on the Servicewomen and Women Veterans  Congressional Caucus and on the Women Veterans Task Force.   I am also pleased to see this bipartisan, wide-ranging focus on  veterans' mental health and suicide prevention.   Our work, however, has just begun. We have an urgent responsibility  to continue to fight for the highest standards of care on behalf of  veterans.   Despite much good work by the VA and significant Federal investment,  the veteran suicide rate hasn't gone down. We must empower the VA to  find innovative, effective ways to end this crisis. That is why I have  introduced this bill, which will address a vital but overlooked part of  veteran suicide prevention.   The bill directs the GAO to evaluate the effectiveness of agreements  that the Department of Veterans Affairs has with outside providers for  mental healthcare and suicide prevention services.   Expanding access to care for veterans struggling with mental health  or with thoughts of suicide is an essential part of reducing veteran  suicide rates, and partnering with providers outside the VA is just one  way to do that. But there just isn't enough data on the ability of  these outside providers to meet the high standards of care we expect  from the VA.   All veterans deserve access to convenient and high-quality  healthcare, and it is unacceptable that outside providers are not  currently held to the same high standards as the VA.  [[Page H4045]]    The mission of the VA is undermined each time a veteran receives  substandard care. My bill would help ensure outside providers are held  to the standard of providing high-quality mental healthcare and suicide  prevention services.   Our efforts to stop veteran suicide need to focus on wider, better  informed, and data-driven paths to tangible results so that we can save  lives. This bill is about increasing transparency so that we can ensure  that those who have served our Nation are not left behind when they  return home.   I am grateful to my colleagues on the Committee on Veterans' Affairs  who have reaffirmed their commitment to this issue and who have acted  so quickly to respond to the veteran suicide crisis with the focus and  resources it deserves.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this bill.   