 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the  quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I take to the floor today to urge  my colleagues to halt the President's indiscriminate deportation  regime. This administration is targeting immigrants who are deeply  woven into our communities, and this inhumane approach must end.   For 30 years, David Chavez-Macias, who was born in Mexico, lived in  Reno, NV. He worked as a landscaper during the week and went to church  on Sundays. He raised four children, and he tried to follow the law. He  paid his taxes and hired attorneys to help him become an American  citizen. In 2013, he was pulled over for turning left as the street  light changed. That traffic stop brought him to the attention of  immigration enforcement.   Now, the previous administration had permitted Mr. Chavez-Macias to  stay with his family. After all, he had a heart condition that required  regular treatment, and he had been a hard-working community member for  decades; yet under this administration, David was deported to Mexico,  ripping him from his family.   Now, as a granddaughter of immigrants, I understand how much  immigrants like David contribute to American communities, and as a  native Nevadan--a State where one in five schoolchildren have an  undocumented parent--I know how deeply communities are hurt when we  drive out longtime members. That is why I am introducing the End Mass  Deportation Act to keep the Trump administration from pursuing people  like David. This bill will make sure we are not indiscriminately  targeting people for deportation who have contributed to their  communities for decades.   Just days after taking office, President Trump issued an Executive  order that changed our immigration enforcement priorities. He gave ICE  the green light to aggressively pursue anyone without papers, not just  people who had committed serious crimes or posed a threat to our public  safety. My bill rescinds this cruel and counterproductive order.   Now, the Trump administration is deporting people who have lived in  the United States--sometimes for decades--playing by the rules,  providing for their families, starting businesses, and contributing to  their communities. In Nevada, almost 90 percent of undocumented  residents have been in the United States for more than 5 years.   These are people who own their own homes. They are people who pay  billions of dollars in taxes each year. Their children are citizens,  legal permanent residents, and Dreamers. They are our neighbors, our  coworkers, and our friends. The impact of this policy on American  families has been profound. Since President Trump signed his Executive  order, arrests of immigrants without criminal records have tripled.   The End Mass Deportation Act would make the administration focus our  law enforcement resources where they should be: on people who pose a  legitimate threat to our communities.   Historically, prosecutorial discretion was used to take into account  the compelling circumstances of an individual's case, like parents who  have U.S. citizen children and strong ties to the community or  individuals who have served in our military. As a former prosecutor, I  understand what an important law enforcement tool this is.   The President's mass deportation order ends that prosecutorial  discretion in our immigration system, taking  [[Page S3073]]  valuable time and resources away from pursuing criminals and other  security threats. Even worse, the order makes us all less safe because  it discourages people without documentation from turning to police to  report crime.   Put yourself in the shoes of an undocumented woman who is the victim  of domestic violence or someone without papers exploited at the hands  of an unscrupulous boss. When those crimes go unreported, our  neighborhoods suffer.   Listen, I recognize that we have a broken immigration system, but the  way to fix it isn't to persecute people like David whose biggest  offense is a traffic ticket. We need to pass comprehensive immigration  reform, but until we do and until we can come together in a bipartisan  way, we must rescind these Executive orders that are not moving this  debate forward in a useful way. Let's reverse this administration's  cruel and dangerous policy.   I am the first to tell you--and I see it every single day in my  State--immigrants enlarge our vision of who we live with, work with,  and worship with. By passing the End Mass Deportation Act, we will  remind all Americans that every generation of immigrants enriches the  fabric of our Nation and will provide the sense of security that every  family with undocumented members needs to thrive. I urge my colleagues  to support this act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   