 Madam President, I first thank my colleague from  Connecticut, Senator Blumenthal, for his incredible work and leadership  on this important bill, the Duty to Report Act, as well as for all of  the other work that he has done.   He gets it. He gets that we are about to adjourn this day without  passing election security legislation. We had bipartisan election  security legislation. We have had that for years. Yet it has been  stopped in every step of the way.   Russia invaded our democracy. Let's be clear about that. I don't like  it when we use the word ``meddle'' because that is what I do when I  call my daughter on a Saturday night to ask her what she is doing. This  foreign country didn't just meddle in our election. They invaded it.  They didn't use missiles or tanks. They used a new kind of modern  warfare, which is cyber warfare, and they did it to invade our  democracy.   Think about this. Our Founders literally set up a country and a  Constitution because they wanted to be independent of a foreign  country. In this case, it was England. Hundreds of thousands of  Americans have lost their lives on the battlefield fighting for our  democracy and democracies across the world. That is what World War I  and World War II were about. They were fighting for democracies across  the world and fighting for the simple right that people should be able  to determine their own destiny and vote.    Yet, in 2016, we know for a fact--we know it from President Trump's  own intelligence advisers. Dan Coats, who was once a Senator in this  very Chamber and who is someone we are going to miss, is leaving his  position. Dan Coats made it clear. He said they are getting bolder. So  this is something right in front of us right now, and we must respond  to it.   Yet we haven't passed a bill to address it. Yes, Senator Lankford and  I, along with Senators Leahy, Coons, Shelby, and others have worked to  get some money, over $200 million, into the States, which is important.  We got that done, but it doesn't really end there because, actually,  there were no strings attached to that in terms of what we want to have  done in this country, and I will get to that in a minute.   So let's first go back over the facts, because some people in this  Chamber seem to have trouble with facts. Let's go over those. Special  Counsel Mueller, under oath, just last week and in his report,  concluded that Russian interference in our democracy was sweeping and  systematic. Those were his words and not my words. We know that they  are actively working again to undermine our democracy. In his words,  when he was testifying under oath, ``they're doing it as we sit here.''  That is what he said under oath.   The day before Special Counsel Mueller testified in the House, the  FBI Director testified in front of the committee that I am on, the  Senate Judiciary Committee. I was there and asked him questions. I  asked him whether he thinks having things like paper ballots makes  sense in the event that the Russian hacking happens again. He said:  Yes, they would be a good thing. This is the FBI Director for the  United States of America who was appointed by Donald Trump. Again, he  was under oath.   We have multiple pieces of legislation that would require backup  paper ballots. There are different versions, but they all really do the  same thing. Some of them have different kinds of audits, but the one  thing they have in common is the paper ballots.   I am leading one of these bills with Senator Warner and a number of  my colleagues. One of them is a bill we have with Senator Wyden that is  important, and then there is the work that Senator Lankford and I have  done across the aisle, which is a bipartisan bill, which we continue to  work on today.   But what has happened? What do all of these bills have in common?  They have been blocked by the leadership on the Republican side and  opposed by the White House. That is right. They weren't vetoed because  they never got to the White House but because the White House made the  move of stopping them in their tracks before they could get to the  White House. I know because I am the ranking member of the Senate Rules  Committee, and our jurisdiction is elections. Our job was to get that  bill through the committee to the Senate floor. It was actually  scheduled for a markup, which means you get the bill all done, and you  send it to the Senate floor, where I predict it would have gotten at  least three-fourths of the Members working and voting for that  bipartisan bill.   What happened? The White House made calls. They made calls. The White  House counsel actually called Senators on the committee and said that  they didn't want it to advance. That is what we call ``smoking gun''  evidence. That happened. That happened. We know why this bill was  blocked. In addition to that, Republican leadership, including the  leader, made very clear that they did not want that bill to advance in  the Senate.   Our top intelligence officials and law enforcement officers are  sounding the alarm about the fact that our elections are a target. Look  at what they have done. They have blocked this, despite the best advice  from the intelligence officials in the United States of America.   And it doesn't stop there. It doesn't stop there. As to other bills  that they will not allow to advance, one of them involves social media.  You all know what it is like, when you have your Facebook page or your  Twitter feed or you are searching something on Google, something comes  up, and an ad pops up. Sometimes it is scarily related to something you  were searching for, but, yes, ads pop up.   Well, you know what other kinds of ads pop up? Political ads pop up.  Those ads are paid for by some kind of political entity. I see my  friend Senator Warner is here on this floor. He is an expert on this,  as the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee.   As to the fact that actually some of these ads in 2016 were paid for  in rubles, this is illegal. A foreign country cannot pay for ads on the  internet, but they were doing that because there are no checks and  balances.   So what kind of ads are on there? Well, what would you do if you were  on a campaign or an issue group and you want to put a bunch of dirty  ads out there? Would you do it on TV? No, you wouldn't do it on TV. If  you are a foreign country, would you do that? No, because there are  rules in place for TV and newspaper and radio that they have to check  those ads out, and they have to keep them so people can see them, and  they have to show who has paid for them. There are no rules like that  on social media.   That is why I have formally introduced, with my friend Senator McCain  and now with Senator Graham and Senator Warner, the Honest Ads Act,  which simply puts those rules in place. Literally, if we pass that bill  right now, today, before we left for the recess, well, they can get  this done in the large platforms. Some of them are voluntarily doing  it, but it is a mishmash, and some of them aren't doing it at all. We  cannot go into this next election when last time over a billion was  spent on them and next time it is $3 billion to $4 billion without any  rules of the road.   I go back to the same argument I made. Hundreds of thousands of  people risked their lives and died on battlefields to protect that  right to vote and to not be influenced by foreign countries. Why aren't  we doing things to protect that democracy now in this modern age?   Four little girls in a church in Birmingham lost their lives at the  height of the civil rights movement. Why? Because people were trying to  take away people's rights and because they didn't want them in on this  democracy. That is the American history. And yes, these things we are  talking about sound newfangled--cyber attacks and ads on social media-- but it is actually the same version of what our Founders fought for in  the very beginning, and that is why we are making such a big deal out  of protecting our democracy.    Everyone remembers the 2000 election. We saw the hanging chads  displayed on TVs across the country. That experience taught us that our  election systems were outdated. What did Congress do back then? We  passed the Help America Vote Act, landmark legislation that provided  more than $3 billion to the States, helping them to update their  election structure. That was 17 years ago, before the iPhone existed,  and the Federal Government has not made a big investment to update our  voting technology since.  [[Page S5283]]    The Russians knew that when they attacked us in 2016. Well, we can't  do it this way. We are not going to be able to use battleships. What  way would work today? What is their big vulnerability? Let's go for the  soft spot where they haven't been putting the money in to protect  themselves.   They conducted sophisticated influence operations, hacked political  committees and campaigns, revealed the emails of the chairman of the  Democratic candidate, targeted election administrators and even private  technology firms responsible for manufacturing and administering  election systems. In Illinois, the names, addresses, birth dates, and  partial Social Security numbers of thousands of registered voters were  exposed.   Just recently, we learned that the election systems in two Florida  counties were hacked by the Russians. The Department of Homeland  Security is conducting forensic analysis on computers used in North  Carolina after it was revealed in the Mueller report that a voting  software company was hacked by Russia.   So we have a common set of facts about what has happened. What we  need to do now is to address these facts with purpose. There must be an  outcry about this from the American people. This must be done now, not  after 2020. It has to be done now. We have a long way to go to make  sure our election systems are resilient against attacks.   Here are some more facts to consider. Forty States rely on electronic  voting systems that are at least 10 years old. Eleven States have  either no or partial backup paper ballots. Sixteen States have no  statewide audit requirement.   These are alarming statistics. I am not stating anything secret; the  Russians know this today. That is why I have worked with my Democratic  colleagues in the House and Senate on legislation that would provide  critical election security funding in the coming years, and mostly it  would be tied to a requirement that they have backup paper ballots.  Otherwise, what are we going to do if we don't have those backup paper  ballots if there is a hack? It doesn't even matter if three counties in  a swing State were hacked if we can't figure out the results. If it  were just their State elections, that would be embarrassing or  pathetic, but it is going to be a national Presidential election, and  we cannot risk having counties or States hacked into because then we  would have chaos and not know the results.   Last week, my bill was offered by Senator Schumer on the floor. It  could have gone to the President's desk that day. Instead, Leader  McConnell objected. During his objection, he said that election  legislation must be drafted with ``great care'' and on a bipartisan  basis. We did that.   Senator Warner is here. He worked on it. We did that with Senator  Lankford, but we were blocked at the Rules Committee. We were blocked.  That is a documented fact. The markup had been scheduled. It was ready  to go. Senator Blunt had been willing to hold a markup on the bill, and  it was stopped.   I am going to tell that story every day until we advance this. I have  an opportunity to do that, and I am going to do it because people need  to know what is going on. This should not be about partisanship or  about what benefits which party.   What were the Founders thinking when they decided to declare  independence from a foreign country? They were thinking of our country  as one. A ramshackle group of those early Founders, farmers and small  business people, came together and said: We love this land, and we  don't want to have another country influencing us.   That is exactly what this is about. Election security is national  security. It is time we started acting like it. The Federal Government  spends more money on military bands every year than it does on election  security assistance to the States. I love military bands, but let's get  real.   In 2018, we fought to get $380 million in election funding. That was  a first step. That is 3 percent of the cost of one aircraft carrier.  Recently, 22 State attorneys general sent a letter asking us to take  action to protect the integrity of our election structure, including  the attorneys general from States such as Iowa and Mississippi. These  are not blue States. They did not see this as a partisan issue. This is  not about one election or one party; this is about our democracy and  our national security. We need to be a united front, I say to my  colleagues, a united front in fighting against those who interfere with  our democracy.   I am glad to see Senator Warner, someone who is on the frontlines  every day in his very important position on the Intelligence Committee.   I yield the floor.   