 Mr. President, many Federal workers in Nevada and  across this country will miss their first paychecks tomorrow due to  this shutdown. Our President's govern-by-chaos approach has pulled the  rug out from hundreds of thousands of Federal workers and contractors  across the country who are currently furloughed or who are being forced  to work without pay, including over 3,000 of them in my home State of  Nevada. It is outrageous.   I have heard from many Federal workers in Nevada who didn't sign up  to live in constant fear that their paychecks would be held for  political gain. They didn't sign up to wonder if they will be able to  pay their rent on time, cover childcare costs for their young children,  or put food on the tables for their families. They certainly didn't  sign up to be used as pawns in this President's political game. They  signed up to serve the American people, and they deserve the certainty  of a functioning government and steady paychecks. Instead, hard-working  Nevadans are writing and calling me to say they are worried about  paying their bills, supporting their children, and keeping up with  their mortgage payments.   One Nevadan who is currently working without pay told me he and his  colleagues are struggling to pay for the gas to drive to their unpaid  jobs.   Another Nevadan is a mother who told me that her son, who is newly  enlisted in the U.S. Coast Guard, is now facing eviction just 1 month  after reporting for duty.   A Las Vegas government contractor who is working to help the  Department of Justice reduce its immigration court case backlog told me  how discouraged he and his colleagues are that this shutdown is hurting  the very people who are trying to help fix our immigration system.   Nevada's veterans, park rangers, and TSA agents have also all  contacted my office and asked for an end to this senseless shutdown so  they can continue to provide for themselves and their families.   This is one of the major impacts on Nevada, but it is not the only  major disruption we are seeing.   At our national parks and monuments, there is overflowing trash,  which threatens the wildlife and public safety because the park rangers  and maintenance staff have been furloughed.   In Nevada's Tribal communities, lapses in funding threaten to close  the doors of health clinics, food pantries, and childcare centers.   The Small Business Administration has stopped processing loans that  help Nevada's small businesses and job creators thrive. Over 7,850  Nevada seniors who are enrolled in nutritional food programs and over  437,000 Nevadans who receive SNAP benefits are at risk of losing access  to the food assistance that keeps them and their families healthy.   Real people, families, and communities are hurting. These are the  people who do an honest day's work. They do an honest day's work, and  they expect steady paychecks and a government to be led by a President  who cares about their needs and their families' safety.   The solution to this is simple. Reopen the government and stop  holding Federal workers hostage for political gain. They are not  leverage. These are hard-working people who are committed to going to  work every single day, if that is what they are told to do, to make  sure our services run and that we are protected, for they are standing  guard even though they are not getting paid.   As we go on about our day, I ask every single one of us, if you see  them, to thank them. They are actually going to work and are not  getting paid and can't pay their rent. For those who are furloughed and  staying home, they are still struggling in the same way.   That is why I support what my colleagues have done in introducing  legislation that provides the backpay that will be necessary to protect  these families and make sure they get paid, legislation so we may look  out for them and ensure that their credit does not get dinged because  of a government shutdown they had no control over. Don't forget, there  are going to be thousands of workers out there who will never get paid  because they are contract workers, and we should be doing everything in  this Congress to ensure that they are getting the support they need.  People are having to look for second jobs, and some can't even look for  second jobs because the Federal jobs they have don't even allow them to  look for second jobs.   This is outrageous. This whole process is outrageous. There is a  simple answer to all of this, and we know it. It is doing our jobs. I  came to this Congress as a U.S. Senator. I believe in article I. I  believe we are a coequal branch of government. We should not be  abdicating to the executive branch. We should be doing our jobs. We  know we can pass legislation that opens this government. We have  already done it. We did it in the last session of Congress. There are  many, in a bipartisan way, who want to do this. Let's just do our jobs.  Let's show the rest of the country that this branch of government can  govern and protect everyone.   It is very simple because I know, if we were to get together, pass  these bills, and send them over to the President, then he would make  his decision. If he were to decide to veto it, then we would override  that veto. That is the process. That is the process our Founders and  our Framers set up so no one branch of government could control. I hate  to see the leadership here abdicating our role to another branch of  government.   It is time for us to come together. Let's open this government. Let's  do it now, and let's show these Federal workers they are not political  pawns, that they are not leverage. Let's show them the respect and  dignity they deserve.  [[Page S120]]    I yield the floor.   