 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  him for his leadership on behalf of America's working families, and I  thank him for his role in bringing this important legislation to the  floor.   I thank Chairman Neal as well for his chairmanship of the Ways and  Means Committee, so essential in our being able today to come to  respect the work of America's workers.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation and in opposition  to the amendment. Again, this is about the financial security and  future of America's workers.   Our House Democratic majority was elected to fight for the people.  Today, as we pass the Butch Lewis bill that is bipartisan, that has  bipartisan support, that is exactly what we are doing.   The Butch Lewis Act delivers justice for 1.3 million workers and  retirees facing devastating cuts to pensions earned over a lifetime of  work. It protects the financial security of families, ensuring workers  have the benefits they have earned and need to provide for spouses,  children, and grandchildren. It honors the sacred pension promise in  America, that if you work hard, you deserve the dignity of a secure  retirement.   Sadly, years of relentless special interest agendas have put that  promise in peril. Unchecked recklessness on Wall Street ignited a  financial meltdown that dealt a devastating blow to multiemployer  pension plans while dangerous deregulation and relentless attacks  against unions have eaten away at these plans' health.   If we do not act, the pensions of many workers and retirees will be  cut to the bone, and the financial security and futures of their  families and communities will be thrown into jeopardy.   Workers are the backbone of our Nation, and we cannot accept a single  penny to be cut from their pensions. Congress has a responsibility to  do right by hardworking Americans.    We have a responsibility to Americans like Sam, a retired coal miner  from southwest Virginia who has second-stage black lung and relies on a  $475 a month pension to pay for his healthcare because he has been  denied Federal black lung benefits.   We have a responsibility to Americans like Kenneth from Wisconsin,  who needs his pension to provide for his five children, nine grandkids,  and, until recently, his beloved wife, Beverly, who he just lost to  cancer. Yet, his pension faces a 55 percent cut.   We have a responsibility to Americans like Rita Lewis, who is here  with us today, wife to Butch Lewis, this bill's namesake, who so  heroically fought until his death to protect pensions, including Rita's  survivor benefits.   As Rita testified before Congress: ``This pension was not a gift. He  worked hard for every penny of that pension. He gave up wages and  vacation pay and other benefits . . . so I would be taken care of if  something happened to him.''   Now that pension risks being slashed to the core.   Workers, retirees, and survivors like Sam, Kenneth, and Rita are  forgoing much-needed medicines, or working into their eighties for more  income, and are being robbed of their benefits that they need to help  out their families.   Not Rita. She is not working into her eighties.   We must act now. We will swiftly pass this bill to honor workers'  dignity, support their families, and protect their futures.   We must always remember that the middle class is the backbone of our  democracy, and our workers are the strength of that middle class. In  fact, I do believe that the middle class has a union label on it.   In the coming months, the House will continue to build on this  progress, passing future legislation on behalf of working families. Our  majority is for the people, and we will work relentlessly to restore a  government that works for the people's interest, not the special  interests.   I urge a strong bipartisan vote to protect the pensions of workers  and retirees, and I urge Senator McConnell to immediately take up this  bill so that we can send it to the President's desk and give comfort to  so many families in America.    Mr. Chairman, let us salute Congressman Ruiz, Chairman  Nadler, Chairwoman Lofgren, Chairwoman Underwood, Chairwoman Slotkin,  and Members. I thank my colleague, Congresswoman Kuster, for yielding  me time.   These Members have followed the facts, gone to the border, and raised  a drumbeat on behalf of the children.   I want to add to that Congresswoman Escobar, who has been so great on  all of this.   The humanitarian situation at the border challenges the conscience of  our country, yet the Trump administration has chosen to approach the  situation with cruelty instead of compassion. Children sleeping on  concrete floors, children eating frozen and inedible food, and children  denied basic sanitation.   As the Gospel of Matthew said, ``When the Son of Man comes in all His  glory,'' He will speak to the nations gathered before Him.   You all know the Gospel of Matthew, ``When I was hungry.''   The American Medical Association writes, ``It is well known that  childhood trauma and adverse childhood experiences created by inhumane  treatment often create negative health impacts that can last an  individual's entire lifespan.''   The American Academy of Pediatrics led a joint letter, writing, ``The  tragic deaths of children in CBP custody are evidence for why timely,  appropriate medical and mental health screening and care is so  crucial.''   With Congressman Ruiz's Humanitarian Standards for Individuals in  Customs and Border Protection Custody Act, we are taking a strong step  to safeguard children and respect their families.   Mr. Chairman, I am going to submit most of my statement for the  Record, in the interest of time. I know you have heard it over and over  again, Mr. Chairman. There is no use to just keep talking. We have to  act.   We have sent the money. We have paid attention. Now, we have to set  the standards that must be met for humanitarian, hygiene, food,  clothing, healthcare, and the rest.   I thank Mr. Ruiz for bringing his experience as a public health  doctor, as someone who has dealt with these crises in other parts of  the world. We are blessed to have his service in the Congress,  especially at this time, for the good of the children   Mr. Chair, let us salute Congressman Ruiz, Chairman Nadler,  Chairwoman Lofgren, Congresswoman Underwood, Chairwoman Slotkin and  Members who have followed the facts, gone to the border and raised a  drumbeat on behalf of the children.   The humanitarian situation at the border challenges the conscience of  our country. Yet, the Trump Administration has chosen to approach this  situation with cruelty, instead of compassion.   The appalling conditions facing children and families are an affront  to our values and our humanity:   Children sleeping on concrete floors, in freezing temperatures with  constant light exposure;   Children eating frozen or inedible food, and having insufficient or  unclean water to drink;   Children denied basic sanitation, forced to use open toilets and  deprived of showers and handwashing stations.   The Gospel of Matthew says, ``When the Son of Man comes in all his  glory,'' he will speak to the nations gathered before him and say:   ``For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty  and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me  in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked  after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.''   The Administration's treatment of little children abandons that  teaching, ignores the ``least of these'' and endangers lives.   As the American Medical Association writes: ``Conditions in CBP  facilities, including open toilets, constant light exposure,  insufficient food and water, extreme temperatures, and forcing pregnant  women and children to sleep on cement floors, are traumatizing.   ``It is well known that childhood trauma and adverse childhood  experiences created by inhumane treatment often create negative health  impacts that can last an individual's entire lifespan.''   This week, the American Academy of Pediatrics led a joint letter with  other medical experts to urge action, writing: ``The tragic deaths of  children in CBP custody are evidence for why timely, appropriate  medical and mental health screening and care is so crucial.''   The deaths of children at the border are unconscionable; a profound  violation of the moral responsibility we all have to ensure all  children of God are treated with compassion and decency.   Today, with Congressman Ruiz's ``Humanitarian Standards for  Individuals in Customs and Border Protection Custody Act'', we are  taking a strong step to safeguard children and respect their spark of  divinity.   This bill protects children and families' health: requiring the CBP  to provide timely, appropriate and standards-based health screenings by  licensed medical professionals.   It creates water, sanitation, and hygiene standards: requiring the  CBP to provide sufficient drinking water; private, safe and clean  toilets; a handwashing station; and basic personal hygiene products.   It sets out nutrition standards: requiring that detainees receive  three meals per day, with age-appropriate caloric intake, and special  diets for babies, pregnant & breastfeeding women, the elderly & ill.   And it establishes standards for shelters: specifying space  requirements, temperature ranges and bedding standards, and also  protecting religious freedom, family unity and the safety of  unaccompanied minors and LGBTQ persons.   Once we pass this bill--and our other legislation for the children-- we will call on Senator McConnell to immediately take them up.  [[Page H7345]]    Sadly, some in the Republican Leadership have not demonstrated a  concern for the children. The obstruction of the House-passed border  bill dishonored our values, denigrated our immigrant heritage, and  endangered little children.   Every day that Senator McConnell delays this bill--and every vote  against it--is a stain on the collective conscience of the Congress.   I urge a strong, bipartisan vote of conscience for this legislation.   