 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues who  have come to the floor this week to call for action to prevent gun  violence.   On Tuesday we marked the 4-year anniversary of the horrific shooting  at the Mother Emanuel Church in Charleston, where a White supremacist  killed nine people during Bible study.   Last week was the 3-year anniversary of the massacre at Pulse  nightclub in  [[Page S4162]]  Orlando, when an act of terror and hatred took the lives of 49 people  in the LGBTQ community.   After each of these tragedies, we say ``never again'' and ``enough is  enough.'' But after each mass shooting, Congress fails to take action.  The discussion fades into the background until another tragedy occurs,  then this same cycle is repeated.   It is unacceptable that Congress has still yet to take meaningful  action to address this epidemic. The victims who have been lost, their  families, and those who have experienced life-changing injuries and  trauma deserve action--as do all of our communities, because nearly  every aspect of American life has been afflicted by gun violence.   Nowhere is the impact of gun violence and the way it has changed our  lives more clear than in our Nation's schools. Just this year, a friend  of mine's son started kindergarten. Shortly after the school year  started, he and his other kindergarten peers had to participate in a  drill--what to do if there is an active shooter or danger in your  school.   At about the same time that my friend received information from the  school that her son would be participating in a lockdown of sorts--a  lockdown for 5-year-olds--she read an article by a teacher who had  participated with her young students in such an active shooter drill.  When the teacher got the kids still and turned off the lights in the  room so they could practice staying safe, she noticed the little lights  in the soles of their sneakers. You know those little light-up shoes  that children have? The teacher wrote that she realized that if those  children came to school with those shoes on a day when there was a  shooter, even with the lights down, they would be targets. Well,  needless to say, my friend's son no longer has light-up sneakers.   It is time to finally meet words with action. It is time to finally  take steps to keep the American people safe. It is time to finally pass  commonsense gun laws.   A good start to address this public safety issue would be to improve  our background check system. According to the Department of Justice,  since 1994 background checks have stopped over 3 million dangerous  individuals from obtaining guns, including people with violent criminal  records, domestic abusers, and those with mental health issues.   But we know that there continue to be loopholes in that system.  Research indicates that millions of guns are sold each year to  individuals without background checks. We need to extend background  checks to all gun sales and ensure that people who are legally barred  from owning guns cannot easily access them.   I have joined with Senator Murphy, who has been a passionate,  dedicated leader on this issue, on legislation to do just that. Earlier  this year, the House of Representatives passed bipartisan gun safety  legislation aimed at improving our background check system. There is  real momentum and urgency on this issue. Strengthening background  checks is a measure that the American people overwhelmingly support.   Unfortunately, Republican leadership in the Senate is more focused on  putting the priorities of the gun lobby ahead of the will of the  American people. It is outrageous that some in this body suggest that  there is simply nothing that we can do to stop the gun violence that  has plagued our country. The refusal to even bring up gun safety  legislation for consideration is unconscionable. That must change.   I come from a State with a long tradition of responsible gun  ownership. People across New Hampshire own guns for hunting, sports,  and protection. I respect the tradition, and I am committed to  upholding it, but I know that the people in New Hampshire don't want  dangerous weapons in the wrong hands. They are also deeply frustrated  that Congress has refused to address the heartbreaking acts of violence  that have become far too common in our country. Granite Staters,  particularly our young people, are speaking out to voice these  frustrations.   Last year, I was proud to march with students in Nashua who organized  their own March For Our Lives rally, and students across our State have  engaged in everything from writing to public officials to staging  school walkouts. They are demanding that we take action, and Congress  needs to listen to them.   I am going to keep pushing to pass commonsense gun safety laws, and  it is long past time that the Senate finally take this issue up for  debate.   I yield the floor.   