 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 10  minutes.    My colleagues have been to the floor here for the past  little bit talking about various road trips in their State and  destinations, including their favorite destinations. When you think  about where your favorite place is, it is like saying which son is your  favorite son. We all have our favorite places all around our State.   I got to thinking about road trips. I thought, well, road trips in  Alaska perhaps take a little bit of a different meaning than in other  States. We all know the State I come from because we talk about it a  lot. Senator Sullivan and I come from a big State. We have over 663,000  square miles, but within those 663,000 square miles, we don't have a  lot of roads. Over 82 percent of the communities in the State of Alaska  are not connected by roads. We are not part of the road system. So  traveling in Alaska can be a little bit of an adventure. Flexibility is  always key.   More often than not, when you are in a big State, you move around  from town to town, and you rely on the commercial carriers. You rely on  Alaska Airlines. You rely on Ravn. You rely on some of the others. We  pretty much move around by air.   But sometimes it is impossible to get around by air all the time.  Sometimes we have what I call ``forest road trips.'' It is not that I  don't want to be on our roads, but once you get on the roads, you are  on them for a fairly long time. Sometimes the jets don't fly. Sometimes  the jets don't fly because you have bad weather. Sometimes the jets  don't fly because you have a volcano that goes off.   I was holding a field hearing in Fairbanks and needed to get down to  Anchorage, and Pavlof blew. Pavlof is one of our more active volcanos,  and it shuts down the air space. What was going to be a 45-minute trip  home turned out to be a 359-mile drive home--7 hours--that evening.   We had another trip going out of Valdez to Anchorage, and we needed  to get back to Anchorage that night, but the fog and the wind in Valdez  said there are no planes coming in to take you out, and they might not  be there the next day and they might not be there the next day after  that. There is bad weather. The pass is shutting down so you better  move now. When that happens, you get in a car and 300 miles later--5  hours later--you are in Anchorage.   I had Senator Manchin with me just over the Fourth of July break. We  were headed from Anchorage to King Salmon to attend a ribbon-cutting  for a National Park Service facility. We got fogged out in the morning  and waited for hours in the airport, and then we got word that the fog  had lifted, and we were getting ready to get on a plane and they called  a mechanical. If there is a mechanical, I am with you, and we just  don't fly. Senator Manchin turned to me and said: I know it is a long  way, but can't we just drive there?   That was my opportunity to turn to my colleague in another learning  moment and tell him: No, this is one of those 82 percent of our  communities where there is no road. So Joe, we are not flying.   Aviation really is our lifeline here. If you are not on Alaska  Airlines, you are on one of our many bush carriers. This is a picture  of a pilot I had an opportunity to fly with, Eric, who is the pilot and  owner of Arctic Backcountry Flying Service. This is his Cessna 206.  More often than not, these are the type  [[Page S5227]]  of aircraft that we are in. We are not flying in some fancy leased jet.  We are in a small aircraft, what we call a bush carrier. That is when  we have airstrips that we can land on.   But we don't have airstrips in many of our communities. What we do is  we come in and out on the water on our floatplanes. Some people call  them seaplanes out here. We call them floatplanes.   Here is a picture of me and Secretary Perry on Kodiak Island. We had  flown over on Alaska Airlines. But to get around the island, you either  take a boat or fly in a floatplane. We were flying over to Old Harbor  there on Kodiak Island, but we got around on the water.   Sometimes you don't have the water though. In a place like Alaska,  what we do have in the wintertime is a fair amount of snow. You take  your floats off and you put your skis on. You can see the wheels there.  This plane can land in Anchorage and take off in Anchorage on the  wheels, but when you are up on Ruth Glacier, as this Cessna 185 is, you  are landing on skis. That gets your attention because it is a little  bit different than a floatplane, but it gets you in and out of what you  need to get in and out of.   There are some places, though, where you don't have an airstrip, a  floatplane can't land, and the only way to really get in and out is by  helicopter.   Little Diomede Island sits out in the middle of the Bering Straits.  It is 2 miles from Big Diomede. Big Diomede is owned by Russia. Little  Diomede is owned by us. There are about 150-plus people who live out  there on Diomede. They have a school, and they have a community center,  but how do they get the mail? People move in and out by helicopter. The  mail is delivered by helicopter. There are a few weeks in the  wintertime--maybe, sometimes, as much as a couple of months--when the  ocean freezes over and they can make a strip where a plane can land on  the ice. But most of the year, you fly in and out on helicopter. So we  fly.   The other way we get around when we don't have a lot of roads is on  our rivers. One thing that Alaska is blessed with is a lot of rivers.  We have 365,000 miles of rivers. That makes for a lot of roads because  in the summertime, those rivers are our roads.   This is a picture upriver in the village of Napaskiak. There are  about 500 people there. We had Attorney General Barr with us in May. We  took him upriver. This is how he traveled. These are the Bethel Search  and Rescue boats there. They are not fancy boats. They are not yachts.  These are functional. They have decent motors on them because these are  workhorses. Yet how we travel in the summer is up and down these  rivers.    In the summer, it makes it possible to move around these communities.  In the winter, you move around by snow machine. You have trucks and you  have vehicles out there as well. When the rivers freeze, you then have  your frozen highway, and you can have 100 miles of it. The Kuskokwim, I  think, plowed out 250 miles of road on the river.   This is a frozen river. This is actually a picture that was taken  when we took Secretary Moniz from Bethel to Oscarville. We had with us  about four other Members of the Senate because we had a field hearing  for the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. We held it out there  in Oscarville, and we had a motorcade on ice. It was basically about  six trucks that went down the river, but the Secretary said it was his  first official truck motorcade on ice. That really does allow us to get  around when the rivers are frozen over.   Down in the southeastern part of the State, where I was born and  spent a lot of my growing-up years, they are all islanded communities.  There are 32 or 33 islanded communities in the southeast. So to move  around, we either fly Alaska Airlines, fly smaller carriers, or we rely  on our Alaska marine highway system, our ferry system. This is our  marine lifeline. This is how we move freight, how we move vehicles, how  we move goods, and how we move people.   Right now, our very system is threatened on a host of different  levels, which really hurts my heart because, as one who knows how  dependent we are on being able to move on the water, this is our road,  and these types of vessels can move us in ways that are efficient. The  marine highway system is our road. So we are working in the State right  now to address it. Again, this is one more way that I do my road trips  when I am back home in the State.   In the interior, you have communities, again, that are isolated.  There is no road system that gets you there. There are small villages,  Arctic villages, that are about 500 people strong.   I was in an Arctic village just in July, and this is how I was picked  up at the airport. There are not many trucks. There are basically four- wheelers. There are ATVs, and everybody just hops on. This was my  driver for the day. Again, you just hop on the back and ride.   Then, there are some communities in which, really, the way that you  get around is not on a road and not on a sidewalk but on just a wooden  trail, a wooden boardwalk. This is the village of Napaskiak. This is  out in the Bethel region, in the Y-K Delta. These are just planks that  are put down on top of the tundra because the area is so marshy that  you cannot walk on it. You would need hip waders to be better able to  travel through it. Just walking around on the boardwalk is the extent  of your road trip in a place like Nunam Iqua or Napaskiak.   Whether it is freedom to be on a frozen river or freedom to be out on  the Arctic Ocean, wintertime gives us a little bit more freedom. This  is a picture of me with a friend, off of Utqiagvik, which is on the  Arctic Ocean. It looks like a lot of fun. We were going out snow- machining. We were going out to work because the community had  harvested a whale, and the whaling crew and the community were taking  their snow machines out to load the muktuk onto sleds to haul back to  the community so it could be shared as part of their subsistence food.  So we were going out to help the community harvest that whale. This is  not fun and recreation. It is your means of transportation. This is  your workhorse.   We do have a little bit of fun every now and again. Everyone asks: Do  you ever travel around by dog sled? That is my dream. That would be the  next career opportunity for me. I would love to run the Iditarod, and I  would love to have my own dog team, but, right now, I don't have enough  hours in my day. Yet, every now and again, you can hop on the back of a  dog sled.   I am looking forward to being back home and traveling around the  State, visiting from Ketchikan to Barrow. It is 4,000 miles for Senator  Sullivan, Congressman Young, and me to get back and forth between  Washington, DC, and Alaska. I have kind of mapped out my trip for the  month ahead. Once I get back to Alaska, in that first couple of weeks,  I will have doubled that airtime, if you will. Then, with the  additional travel that we have toward the end of August, I am looking  at about 15,000 miles of travel within my State.   I know many of my colleagues are going to exotic locations that will  take them to places that will be a long, long ways away. Yet I am just  reminded every day of the privilege and the honor of being able to  travel through an extraordinary State like Alaska, where we use a  little bit of everything to get us to where we need to go in order to  visit some of the finest Americans whom I know and am blessed to be  able to serve.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges  of the floor be granted to my interns Christopher Brown, Finn Carnahan,  Ayden Kovol, Selma Matiashowski, Elizabeth Mears, Kaeli Peltola, Kali  Spencer, Riley Vivlamore, Riley von Borstel, Nicholas Schok, and Clare  Baldwin for today.   