 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendments which are  included in en bloc No. 1.   My amendments are simply. I will sum them up in six words: Community  Engagement, Education, Outreach, and Consultation.   The impacts of climate change and environmental degradation affect us  all. But the fact is climate change has a disparate impact on low- income and minority communities. Indeed, these communities are also  disproportionately impacted by other environmental hazards. It is also  worth mentioning that these communities, which suffer resource  deficits, cannot simply relocate out of flood zones or pay for  expensive mitigation efforts.   Similarly, my Native brothers and sisters have unique cultures that  are highly vulnerable to climate change impacts which threatens their  ways of life, subsistence, lands and water rights, and survival. For  example, the Great Lakes have been an integral part of the history of  many of the region's tribes.   However, too often, the most vulnerable communities are left out when  it comes to the great ideas and projects like those we are authorizing  in this bill. Tribal communities and low-income communities have a  great stake in this debate. My amendment makes sure that they are  included and active participants in the efforts authorized by this  bill. My amendments would amend two of the grant programs in the bill  to make clear that you must consult with, reach out, and meaningfully  engage with tribal and low-income communities located where these  projects are planned.   My amendments affect two programs created in this bill: the Living  Shorelines Grant Program and the Climate Change Adaption Preparedness  and Response Program.   The Living Shorelines Grant program is intended to fund the design,  implementation, and monitoring of climate resilient living shoreline  projects intended to protect coastal communities and ecosystem  functions from environmental conditions, particularly those impacted by  climate change.   The Climate Program is intended to help develop and fund  comprehensive adaptation plans to help states better understand the  scope of the threat of climate change, identify state-wide costs, and  develop local strategies to ensure safety for their residents.   We get better policy making and outcomes when we ensure that all  segments of our communities are engaged and meaningfully involved in  the process.   I thank the chairman for his support of these commonsense amendments.   