 Madam Chair, as a senior member of the Judiciary  Committee and an original co-sponsor, I rise in strong support of H.R.  1644, the ``Save the Internet Act of 2019.''   The Save the Internet Act puts a cop on the beat to protect  consumers, small businesses, and competition from abusive practices of  internet service providers and codifies popular, bipartisan, and  targeted net neutrality protections.   An overwhelming 86 percent of Americans opposed the FCC's roll back  of the same protections that would be enacted by the Save the Internet  Act, including 82 percent of Republicans.   The Save the Internet Act mirrors the similar bipartisan  Congressional Review Act legislation that passed the Senate last  Congress and had 182 bipartisan signers in the House.   The Save the Internet Act restores necessary, common-sense provisions  for defending the internet put in place by the FCC during the Obama  Administration and stops the current Trump-dominated FCC from applying  more than 700 regulations under the Communications Act that are  unnecessary to protecting an open internet such as rate setting.   The Save the Internet Act represents true net neutrality protections  that are designed for today and tomorrow without loopholes.   The Save the Internet Act includes enhanced transparency protections,  and enacts specific rules against blocking, throttling, and paid  prioritization.   The legislation empowers the FCC to investigate consumer and business  complaints, and, when necessary, fine internet service providers for  violations of the Communications Act.   Additionally, the Save the Internet Act empowers the FCC to stop  internet service providers from undermining net neutrality principles  through new and harmful mechanisms.   Because of the Save the Internet Act, no longer will internet service  providers be able to exploit choke points online, such as  interconnection points, which creates bottlenecks and stifle internet  connectivity.   Another reason why all Members should support the Save the Internet  Act is because it provides important new authorities that can be used  to support broadband access and adoption for rural communities and  struggling Americans.   The Save the Internet Act also restores authorities the FCC used  starting in 2016 to fund broadband for low-income Americans, including  veterans, seniors, students, and disabled Americans, under the Lifeline  program that has subsidized phone service since the Reagan  Administration, but only began fully supporting internet access  recently.   Madam Chair, nothing in the Save the Internet Act would diminish  internet service providers' investments in broadband.   It should be noted that internet service providers did not cut back  on investing, deploying and increasing speeds in 2015 and 2016, when  the kind of protections the bill restores were put in place by the FCC.   In fact, after the Trump FCC repealed those protections, investments  by many of the largest providers went down despite their claims that  just opposite would happen.   Finally, Madam Chair, it should be noted the legislation before us  affirms several important principles and values, including the  following:   1. A free and open internet is the single greatest technology of our  time, and control should not be at the mercy of corporations.   2. A free and open internet stimulates internet service provider  competition.   3. A free and open internet helps prevent unfair pricing practices.   4. A free and open internet promotes innovation.   5. A free and open internet promotes the spread of ideas.   6. A free and open internet drives entrepreneurship.   In short, Madam Chair, a free, open, and vibrant internet protects  and strengthens our democracy.   I urge all Members to join me in voting to save the internet for all  of our people by voting to pass H.R. 1644, the ``Save the Internet Act  of 2019.''   