 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment  be modified in the form that I have placed at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 987, the Strengthening  Health Care and Lowering Prescription Drug Costs Act.   The navigator program is crucial to communities like El Paso, where  we have one of the highest uninsured rates in the State of Texas.   Navigators provide free assistance to my constituents as they  maneuver through the marketplace to find a healthcare plan that is  right for them. When funded adequately, these programs help decrease  the uninsured population across the country.   However, the Trump administration has sought to cut funding for the  navigator program in its plan to systematically undermine the  Affordable Care Act.   By slashing the program's funding by 84 percent over the last 2  years, the total funds allotted for it now stands at $10 million.   To exemplify these draconian cuts, consider this:   In 2017, there were nine navigator programs funded in Texas and two  operating in El Paso County.   In 2018, the number of navigator programs in Texas dropped to just  two, with only one now operating in El Paso County. This presents a  challenge to States and districts like mine that have seen their  populations increase over the past decade.   The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services has coupled these deep  cuts with a rule overturning a requirement for navigator programs to  train their assisters to help individuals with chronic illnesses and  limited English proficiency.   While the Trump administration claims this will give navigators more  flexibility to tailor their training for the populations they serve, it  is really another attempt to scale back what has proven to be a  successful program.   By cutting funds and reversing this requirement, navigator programs  will be forced to choose between extra training for their assisters or  hiring more of them to cover counties now lacking operational programs.   Navigator programs that do not provide proper training could result  in their assisters being underprepared when a consumer from a  vulnerable population comes to them for assistance. Enrolling in the  marketplace can be complex for anyone, especially for those whose  primary language is not English.   While H.R. 987 restores funding to the navigator program, we must  ensure these programs continue to train their assisters to help  underserved populations.   My amendment does just that by requiring Navigators to provide  training for their assisters to serve vulnerable populations, including  individuals with chronic illnesses and limited English proficiency.   In my home county of El Paso, there are almost 25,000 uninsured  individuals who are not English proficient. This amendment will ensure  navigator programs are able to help all El Pasoans find suitable  healthcare plans.   Simply put, Mr. Chair, access to affordable healthcare is a right,  and my amendment ensures we make every attempt to leave no one behind.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I thank  Representatives Torres and Porter for their cosponsorship.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   