 Mr. Speaker, breaking news to the American people:  all the other body has to do, the Senate, is to take the bills passed  by the Democratic majority in the House and the government will open in  minutes, simply with the signature of the President of the United  States and the opportunity to work on the kind of barrier that is  appropriate for the border, a State of which I come from, Texas, a  border State, and have deep knowledge about which borders work and  which don't. Then the government could open--breaking news.   It is shameful for my Republican colleagues to come to the floor of  the House and not acknowledge that the simple problem is with the White  House.   We are not interested in not talking about border security. Democrats  have been working on border security for decades and have been  successful in the funding to provide barriers that are there now, that  I just saw in the last week, myself, at the border, as I have done on  many occasions, and simply acknowledging that we helped build up the  Border Patrol agency. We as Democrats have built up Customs and Border  Protection.   Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to note that, when you take $5.7  billion out of the budget, you are not writing a paper check. What it  means is that you will cut into Border Patrol agents; you will cut into  Customs and Border Protection; you will cut into dollars for education;  and you will cut into dollars for healthcare.   How shameful, again, it is for the President to use the opioid crisis  that we have been working on well for many, many years. Does he  understand that most drugs come through a tunnel and, as well, through  legal points of entry? They are not coming across with families--women  and children.   Does he understand, when he asks for $5.7 billion, that we need $78  billion to deal with the opioid crisis throughout America, where 115  people die every day? That is money that could be used for providing  treatment, providing reverse drugs, and providing access to hospitals  and medical care.   We should not be distorting facts to alter the thinking of the  American people on untruths. We simply need to say, yes, barriers are  appropriate where they can be placed. But this administration is wrong.  It pains my heart as a senior member on the Homeland Security Committee  to acknowledge that he is holding the American people hostage.  [[Page H308]]    Let me say to all the Federal workers: We thank you.   On my way back to Washington, I stopped to talk to TSA,  transportation security agents. They are on the front lines of securing  this Nation.   Thank you.   They are on the front lines, along with air traffic controllers.  Aviation is still one of the greatest targets for terrorism.   What does this President do? He blocks them from getting paid this  very Friday.   Open the government now.   To the other body: Put our bills on the floor of the Senate. Vote and  send it to the White House.   I dare the White House to reject the pain of the American people and  refuse to open this government so that mothers can have childcare, so  that TSA agents can be able to pay their mortgage, so that agricultural  workers can continue doing rural development and food stamps, which are  going to end in a couple of weeks.   We can't fool around like this anymore. All this chitter-chatter on  the other side is nothing but chitter-chatter saying nothing,  absolutely nothing.   Open the government, to the White House, and open it now.   