 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 1,  the For the People Act, which would, among other provisions, require  Federal and State governments to physically provide voting registration  materials at the same time they provide notification of a restoration  of voting rights under the bill. Voting is the most powerful voice that  we have in our democracy.   As a Wisconsinite, I am proud to stand today to fight for everyone's  right to vote. Wisconsin has been the petri dish for some of the most  pernicious voting suppression efforts, including partisan  gerrymandering, all designed to marginalize some votes.   Where our votes are counted, our voices are heard. I am here to say  no more--no more--to suppression.   Anyone who works to suppress the vote does not support democracy,  Madam Chair. Anyone who limits the ability of all people to express  their voice through the ballot does not support democracy.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire of the Chair how much time I  have left.    Madam Chair, let me commend the gentleman for his active  participation in the First Step Act, the criminal justice reform. Let  me commend him on his efforts to restore freedom to felons and, as he  indicated, murderers and drug dealers and other kinds of criminals who  he worked so hard to restore their right to freedom.   This amendment deals with really low-hanging fruit in terms of  criminal justice reform. It just says that, when the department has  decided that someone has finished their term, when they have finished  their sentence, when they are released, they would simply receive those  instructions as to how to register to vote.   If there is a pedophile--and I would have welcomed the gentleman's  amendment--perhaps it can be part of the rules to say that you must  vote by absentee ballot.   Madam Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Lofgren), chairwoman of the committee.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for that  clarification.   Democracy demands hard work, and, again, I commend the gentleman for  his hard work to put criminals back onto the street.   This is very low-hanging fruit. There have been studies that have  indicated that restoring the voting rights of felons really means that  they will be more likely to not re-offend because we are bringing them  back into the civil discourse of our communities.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, just in closing, I hope that my colleague  will support this amendment. It doesn't deal with murderers or  pedophiles. It deals with people who are coming out of prison and being  notified of their rights and responsibilities with regard to voting.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment simply requires an ongoing  evaluation after every Federal election of the efforts to ensure that  those with disabilities have successfully been able to exercise their  right to vote.   The Government Accountability Office would be charged with assessing  polling place accessibility, privacy issues, and the extent of poll  worker training on the rights of individuals with disabilities, as well  as on accessible voting machines, among other identified barriers. They  would provide their recommendations, if any, to Congress.   I recently had a constituent come into my office and speak about the  continued challenges faced by those with disabilities when it comes to  exercising this fundamental right, such as inaccessible voting machines  that were located and situated as to not provide privacy for the voter.   And this is not just an anecdotal evidence of the problem. According  to the National Council on Independent Living, over 2 million people  with disabilities didn't vote in 2016, and this isn't just an issue of  voter apathy. Study after study shows that our voting system is still  inaccessible.   What we know is that, even with laws in place, not all polling places  are accessible because of physical barriers, unprepared and untrained  staff, or accessible equipment that is either not functional or turned  off.   Let me be clear: This bill takes steps forward to address those  barriers, and I appreciate the addition of those measures.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Can the Chair inform me about the time available to both  of us?    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Sarbanes).    Madam Chair, I just want to thank the gentleman, again,  for his support of this amendment.   I think that America's motto, E Pluribus Unum--out of many, one--will  really be honored by this reporting requirement which I believe will  provide information that will move us closer to an election process  that is truly inclusive and accessible for all Americans. That is what  makes democracy work.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   