 Mr. Speaker, first, I thank Chairman Thompson  for yielding and for his tremendous leadership not only on issues of  security but on so many issues that affect our country.   Also, I thank Congresswoman Veronica Escobar, who I call my  Congresswoman because she represents the wonderful people of my  hometown of El Paso, Texas.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 2203, the Homeland Security  Improvement Act.   I have visited McAllen and Brownsville, Texas, and Homestead. I have  witnessed children in cages, sleeping on concrete floors. I had a  chance to talk to mothers and fathers who had no idea where their  children were.   I served on the conference committee on homeland security as we moved  to open the government earlier this year. I have to tell you, there  were so many suggestions that were made that  [[Page H7934]]  weren't accepted. There were good, rational, concrete suggestions.   This is a critical bill that addresses some of those concerns.    It creates an independent ombudsman, which  will establish a confidential process to assist individuals with  complaints against ICE and CBP.   Once more, this bill is important for our children and would develop  recommendations for the establishment of an electronic tracking system  to track the location of children who have been separated from a  parent, legal guardian, or other relative.   We will not stand by while the Trump administration separates  children from their families, so this bill takes an important step in  the right direction.   By passing this bill today, we are putting critical protocols and  protections in place for migrants, making sure that their well-being  and health is uplifted at every step.   We cannot allow migrants to be abused by CBP and ICE any longer. It  is past time to protect migrants who are seeking a chance to start a  new life in America. It is past time we recognize people fleeing  violence are human beings who deserve a chance to address and be part  of a just immigration system.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this vital bill.   I thank Chairman Thompson and Congresswoman Escobar for finally  getting this bill to the floor.    First of all, Madam Speaker, let me thank  Congressman Perlmutter for yielding and also for his tireless  leadership. This has taken a heck of a long time. The gentleman has  stayed with it. He has been persistent, and I stand here and salute his  efforts.   I also want to thank Chairwoman Waters for moving this bill out of  the Financial Services Committee and for  [[Page H7971]]  her support for our Marijuana Justice Act. I want to thank Congressman  Heck for his clarity as to why this bill is necessary and for his  support. And then, of course, my partner and friend, who has been on  this issue so many years as co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional  Cannabis Caucus in which I also serve as co-chair, Congressman Earl  Blumenauer. I salute and thank everyone for getting us to this point.   The SAFE Banking Act would explicitly permit banks and other  financial institutions to work directly with State legal cannabis  businesses--legal cannabis businesses--instead of relying on cash  transactions. This bill is not only timely but extremely necessary.  Right now the cannabis industry needs access to safe and effective  banking immediately.   Now, let me be clear. Federal law severely limits access to loans and  capital for the cannabis business, especially, mind you, for those who  have cannabis-related arrests and convictions on their record. That  means that less than one-fifth of the cannabis industry is owned or  operated by people of color, even though African Americans have been  shown to use cannabis at the same rate as White Americans, yet are  incarcerated at about 80 percent more in terms of incarceration rates.  This is just plain wrong. So this bill is a great first start to  addressing all of these issues.   I am telling you, Madam Speaker, communities of color should equally  benefit from all of the laws that have been passed at the State level.  They should have the opportunity to generate generational wealth for  their families, too.   That is why, in addition to this bill, the House must bring forward  legislation like my Marijuana Justice Act and the MORE Act, which  addresses criminal justice reform, restorative justice, and fully  reinvests in communities of color impacted by the failed and racist war  on drugs.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Perlmutter, again, for his  leadership and for working with us to get this to the floor.   