 Mr. President, on October 1, 2017, the city of Las Vegas  experienced a tragedy on an unprecedented scale--a tragedy that has  left our community deeply scarred and our city forever changed.   It was a warm October night. Tens of thousands of people were  gathering in town for a music festival. They were there to have fun, to  dance, and to be joyous, but that joy was cut short by violence and  terror when a lone gunman began to open fire.   In the 10 minutes that the shooting lasted, over 1,100 rounds were  fired. I repeat: 1,100 rounds. There were 58 innocent people murdered  and 422 injured.   Next week marks the second anniversary of that horrific evening--the  deadliest mass shooting in American history. Sons, daughters, parents,  friends,  [[Page S5718]]  and neighborhoods--each one of them were loved, and they were all taken  from us far too soon.   Countless others were injured in the chaotic frenzy that followed the  gunfire. Many will never live the same life they once knew.   Several victims from that night never received the care they needed,  including members of the Nevada's immigrant community, who were too  scared--too scared--to seek care for risk of deportation.   The 1 October shooting forever altered the lives of countless  families in Las Vegas and countless families across this country. Many  are still grieving and will suffer through pain that no family, no  friend, no spouse, or no child should ever have to face, and that empty  seat at every Thanksgiving and every holiday table will never be  filled.   Numerous survivors are still working through the effects of this  incredible trauma. Put simply, this massacre shook our community to its  very core.   Let me be clear when I tell you today that we were not and we will  not be shattered. The bright lights of Las Vegas will continue to shine  through the darkness of that day. We are resilient, and we will always  be Vegas Strong.   I stand here today to honor the memory of 58 victims who lost their  lives and the hundreds more who were injured and are still fighting to  recover. I am here to say that they will never be forgotten. We will be  there to stand side by side with them as they continue to overcome the  challenges and trauma brought on by the shooting.   We must also remember that in the face of terror, there were people  who made the selfless choice to run toward the gunfire and to help.  They were our brave first responders who risked their lives to offer  aid. They were everyday citizens who allowed others to escape in their  cars. They were law enforcement officers, firefighters, physicians, and  cabdrivers. Every member of our community that could came out to help.  All of them are heroes, and all of them must be remembered.   Heroes continue to come forward in the days, weeks, months, and even  years now following the shooting, lining up to donate blood, giving  financial aid to help support those who were injured and the families  of those who were murdered, helping to reunite friends and families in  the aftermath, and, to this day, providing counseling and the much- needed support to those who are still suffering from the trauma of that  horrific night.   Our city provided legal, financial, and mental health services to  those who were affected by the violence that night, including the  formation of the Vegas Strong Resiliency Center.   In the days immediately following the shooting, community members and  local businesses formed what is now known as the Las Vegas Community  Healing Garden, a memorial to those whose lives were lost. Visitors  planted 58 trees--one for each victim--and painted rocks and ornaments  with words of encouragement and words of strength. Family members  decorated trees of their loved ones.   Following the shooting, Nevada also took action, passing a series of  gun safety measures to prevent this kind of tragedy from occurring  again.   Two years have passed. I wish I could say that Congress has followed  Nevada's lead, that we have come together as a nation in healing, put  partisanship aside, and passed commonsense gun safety legislation to  protect the lives of Americans. But, sadly, this is not the case.   Each day and each year that Congress fails to pass commonsense gun  violence prevention measures is another day and another year that we  fail to honor the 58 who lost their lives on 1 October and the  countless lives that have been lost to gun violence.   This type of tragedy happens all too often in our country. This past  year, there were 337 mass shootings. That is nearly one a day for an  entire year. So far in 2019, we have already experienced over 300 mass  shootings. This is unacceptable. We must work to prevent these weapons  from ending up in the wrong hands, and we owe it to the countless  Americans who have lost their lives, who were injured and forever  scarred, to find a solution, not just for those who lost their lives in  Las Vegas but for those in countless other American cities.   In the days following the terrible tragedies in Gilroy, El Paso, and  Dayton, I visited the heroes of the Vegas Strong Resiliency Center.  They have been working nonstop for 2 years helping our community to  heal. As I learned of their efforts not only to help victims and  survivors but also to extend a hand to help communities like ours in  their greatest time of need, I was reminded by them of just how  resilient we are as a people, as a community, and as a country.   We owe it to these heroes to no longer accept inaction. We must all  continue to stand up, to speak out, and to refuse to allow these kinds  of tragedies because they should never define us.   No American--no American--should ever have to think twice about going  to church, the movies, or a concert on a warm October night, and no  parent--no mother--should have a bulletproof backpack on their back-to- school shopping list.   As Members of Congress, we were elected to solve problems and to keep  our country safe. When it comes to gun violence, we are failing. We are  failing spectacularly on both counts, but we don't have to. We can take  action. We can take reasonable steps to reduce gun violence. We can put  a stop to the carnage that is happening across our country, and we can  do this while still respecting the Second Amendment.   What is happening is not normal, but it is also not inevitable.  Sharing our thoughts and prayers shouldn't be the only action we ever  take. Let's put our differences aside and make mass shootings a thing  of the past, not a daily expectation for our future.   It has been over 200 days since H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background  Checks Act, passed the House of Representatives. I am a proud cosponsor  of the Senate's companion legislation, S. 42. The legislation is ready  to go. The legislation will close loopholes and require background  checks for all commercial gun sales, including those made at gun shows  and on the internet.   In memory of the 58 Americans who lost their lives on 1 October and  those who have lost their lives before and after, I call on my  colleagues to act and to take up this legislation for an immediate  vote.   It is past time. It is past time that we come together and find  solutions. It is past time because if we don't act, then, the  inevitable will continue to be our daily reality.   We can prevent mass shootings in this country, but ``can'' is not  possible without the word ``courage.''   I implore this body to have the courage so that no other family has  to endure this kind of tragedy, this kind of trauma, and this kind of  sorrow.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   