 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, my amendment would ensure that early childhood  developmental screenings are considered a medical service and,  therefore, can be provided to children at the border who are in the  care of the Office of Refugee Resettlement. These screenings would be  performed by volunteer medical professionals at no cost to the taxpayer  or to the child.   There are already, thankfully, provisions for pediatric-focused  medical care. That is critical given that six children have died while  in the care of the Office of Refugee Resettlement.   This amendment goes further, though, and makes sure that the  developmental, social, and emotional health of the children is also  evaluated. Developmental screening is a standard part of pediatric care  and will diagnose things like hearing loss, autism, language delays,  and even developmental regression that is associated with toxic stress.   Given the conditions under which these children are living right now,  often without their parents and without age-appropriate activities to  bolster their cognitive development, this type of screening with  appropriate follow-up and care is critical.   Early intervention is paramount. Allowing medical professionals to  volunteer their time and expertise to screen babies and young children  for physical problems and developmental delays is a way to make sure  that children do not fall behind during these critical formative years  and that they are set up for success in their school years and beyond.   This amendment simply clarifies that if Americans are willing to  donate medical services to children at the border, those may include  developmental and behavioral assessments.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Connecticut.    Madam Chair, I am prepared to close, if my colleague has  no further comments.    Madam Chair, for somebody who agrees with my amendment,  that was a lot of commentary about our situation at the border.   I am not here to discuss our situation at the border or how we treat  refugees. I am not here to discuss the fact that families can be with  sponsors in the United States and not in detention centers.   I am merely here to discuss my amendment, which is that I would like  children to have appropriate medical care and developmental screenings.   Madam Chair, I am so glad to have the agreement from my colleague. I  yield back the balance of my time.   