 Madam Speaker, I include my statement in  the Record regarding the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge in  favor of the Articles of Impeachment.   Madam Speaker, earlier this week, I returned from a bipartisan trip  to Belgium to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the  Bulge--the Germans' last significant offensive during World War II.   We celebrated with courageous 95-year-old American veterans who  turned the tide at Bastogne and the Ardennes Forest, so that my  generation and generations to come may live in peace and freedom from  tyranny.   My late father, Malcolm McLane, was shot down during the Battle of  the Bulge and spent the final six months of World War II in a Nazi  prisoner-of-war camp.   In this solemn moment, on this historic day for our nation, I reflect  on the legacy of my father and all World War II veterans. We owe them-- and all of the men and women who have served our nation--an incredible  debt of gratitude for their service and bravery.   Today, we must defend a future worthy of their sacrifice.   Just moments ago, I upheld my oath to protect and defend the  Constitution when I cast my vote to charge President Donald John Trump  with articles of impeachment.   I did so with a heavy heart, to protect and defend the future of our  great nation--our American democracy--for generations to come.   The evidence and facts are clear and uncontested: President Trump has  abused the power of the Presidency for his own personal gain, at the  expense of our national security and the integrity of the 2020  election.   Articles of impeachment are formal charges against the President-- this is not a vote to remove him from office. That decision will be  made following a trial in the United States Senate.   I hope that the Senate will hold a fair, transparent and thorough  trial to get to the truth for the American people.   Meanwhile, I will continue to focus my efforts on our important work  to improve the lives of Granite Staters and all Americans. I wish you  and your family a Merry Christmas, joyful holidays and peace in the New  Year. May God bless the United States of America.   