 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, when I first came to the Senate, I knew I  wanted to make mental health one of my top priorities. As a Minnesotan,  I am proud of the way our Senators have led the way on this important  issue, from Paul Wellstone to Al Franken, to Amy Klobuchar. I am  honored to have the chance to further our proud legacy when it comes to  improving our mental health system, but that is not the only reason I  have chosen to make mental health a focus.   I am glad it has become a more prominent issue here in Washington,  but I have noticed it usually comes to the forefront in the context of  some unthinkable tragedy. When a high-profile celebrity takes his or  her own life, we immediately want to reach out to other people who are  suffering in silence. Of course, we do. That is not a bad thing.   We can't repeat the number often enough. If you are having thoughts  of suicide, please, please call the National Suicide Prevention  Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. Even if you aren't suffering from acute  mental illness, put that number in your cell phone so you can, someday,  help someone who is.   On the other hand, when a profoundly disturbed person commits a  horrible act of violence, we immediately want to intervene before the  next time it happens. Of course, we do.   When we bring up the need to improve our mental health system as the  answer to the epidemic of mass shootings in America, though, we are  making two huge mistakes. First, we are ignoring our responsibility to  address a much more direct cause of these tragedies--guns. Second, we  are unfairly and falsely stigmatizing mental illness.   Here is another thing we can't say often enough: It is exceedingly  rare that one's mental illness leads one to commit acts of violence. In  fact, one is much more likely to be a victim of violence than to be a  perpetrator, and we must not make it harder for people to seek help by  falsely tagging them, as we do, as being potentially dangerous.   Yes, these tragedies are reminders that we need to spend more time  talking about mental health, but let's have the right conversation. For  most people who struggle with mental illness in America, the struggle  is not about life or death; it is about the quality of the lives we  lead. Mental health is a continuum, and many of our fellow citizens  fall somewhere along this continuum. These millions of Americans  deserve our attention, and these millions of Americans deserve our  help.   The other reason I want to focus on mental health care while I am  here in the Senate is that I am one of them. When it started for me, I  thought I was just having a bad day or, really, a series of bad days.  While growing up, I had always been a pretty cheerful kid, but at some  point during my second year of college, I had started to find it harder  and harder to cope with the daily challenges of life. Actually, it had  been my roommate who had noticed that I had not been myself and hadn't  been myself for a long time. She had suggested that I talk to someone  over at the Student Health Services. It had been a completely foreign  idea to me, and I had responded in the way a lot of people would have-- ``I have this.'' Eventually, I had realized that maybe I had been wrong  about that.   It was really hard to make that phone call, walk over to the  counselor's office, and sit in the waiting room. I didn't know what to  expect, and to be honest, I was embarrassed. The counselor's name was  Charlotte. She was nice, had common sense, and wasn't patronizing or  judgmental. She just asked me some simple questions about how I was  feeling, and I remember what a relief it was just to talk about it.  Over the course of a few months, Charlotte gave me some ideas about how  to cope a little bit better with the challenges I was facing, and I  would always walk out of her office feeling a little bit more  courageous and a little bit more hopeful.   Did I live happily ever after? Well, not quite. That is not how  mental illness works. There isn't a box for when you are healthy and a  box for when you are not. Like I said, it is a continuum, and you try  to get a little closer to the healthy end every day.   At one point in my thirties, though, I found myself sliding back in  the wrong direction. There was nothing unusually traumatic going on in  my life.  [[Page S2853]]  I had a career, and Archie and I were raising our two sons. We were  busy, and we were tired, but that is the way it is when you are a young  parent. Still, something was wrong.   All who have suffered from depression have their own metaphors to  describe it, but most can identify with the sensation of the color just  sort of draining out of your world. The things that used to give you  joy don't give you joy anymore. The things that you used to love to do  may just make you exhausted. Basically, you are just trying to slog  through the day. Of course, when you feel this way, just making it  through the day is tough. I found myself struggling to be a good mom, a  good wife, a good friend, a good colleague. I just felt off all the  time--clumsy and slow. I forgot things and got angry at the drop of a  hat.   See, the thing is, depression messes with your memory. I will never  forget when my young son asked me quietly and cautiously: ``Mom, are  you OK?'' It was a spiral. The worse things got, the more frustrated I  became, but I couldn't get it together. Down and down I went until I  could no longer see hope on the horizon. I was never suicidal, but I  struggled to function. I definitely wasn't living my best life. I  really wasn't living at all.   That is the reality of mental illness for millions of Americans. I am  one of the lucky ones. I was lucky that my college had excellent mental  health resources and that my roommate cared enough about me to urge me  to take advantage of those resources. I was lucky that when my  depression came back with a vengeance, I had health insurance that  covered treatment. There was a therapist named Susan with the skill and  the expertise to help me.    Susan asked me a few questions:   How are you sleeping?   Terrible.   Are you forgetting things?   All the time.   She then suggested that I take a diagnostic test, which basically  consisted of answering questions like those. Even then, I was  resistant. People often say that depression lies, and the biggest lie  depression tells is that what is wrong with you is you. So you resist  getting help because you refuse to accept that there is anything  happening except that you stupidly forgot it was recycling day again.   I went ahead and I did the diagnostic test, and Susan came back and  said: Yes, you are clinically depressed, so let's talk about what we  can do about it.   One thing I would say to people who are resisting going in for that  appointment is that even after I got that diagnosis, I was still in  control. When Susan brought up the idea of medication, it was a  suggestion and not an order. I will admit it--it was a suggestion I had  a hard time with. I didn't want to become a different person. I didn't  want some pill messing with my brain. What if it didn't work and I got  worse? On the other hand, what if it did work? Would I really be  better, or would it just be an illusion of feeling better?   Susan convinced me to give it a try, and I was lucky again when the  first medication we tried worked. I didn't feel better right away.  There was no big milestone moment where I woke up and everything was  great again. But I remember feeling like I was slowly coming out of a  fog. The color started to seep back into my day a little bit more every  day. I began to reengage with my family and my friends and my work, and  I could see hope on the horizon again. After a couple of years on  medication, I slowly ramped down, and I haven't had to get treatment  since.   As I said, there is no happily ever after when it comes to mental  illness, but happier is possible. If anyone needs proof, just talk to  me.   So that is my story, but really it is the story of millions of  Americans. I chose to share mine--first in an op-ed in the Rochester  Post-Bulletin and now here on the floor of the Senate--because I want  to urge anyone who struggles with depression or anxiety or substance  abuse or post-traumatic stress disorder or any other mental health  issue to reach out and seek help.   Destigmatizing and demystifying mental illness is just the beginning.  Everyone can be a friend to those in need by urging them to take  advantage of the resources that are available to them, but the 100 of  us here in the Senate have a responsibility to make sure those  resources are available to everyone. We can't afford to leave holes in  the net we build to catch people when they fall, especially when one of  the biggest holes is in our schools.   I have spent a lot of time over the last months having conversations  with teachers and administrators in public schools across Minnesota.  Time and again, when I ask them ``What keeps you up at night?'' they  come back to the mental health of their students. They talk about the  causes--everything from increased social pressure that comes from  social media to the trauma of losing a parent to opioids--but they also  tell me what the crisis really looks like at ground level.   A principal in St. Paul told me about the regular phenomenon of an  ambulance pulling up at the school doors, rushing to the aid of a  student who has suffered a break. It has happened more than a half a  dozen times at his school alone this year. Meanwhile, the principal in  Parkers Prairie--a town in Otter Tail County of just over 1,000,  people--tells me that she sees students experiencing homelessness and  other trauma, students dealing with PTSD, and students with eating  disorders. Just this year, she has had three students end up in the  hospital for self-harming. They have a heroic social worker who comes  in but only every other day because they have to share her with another  school in the district.   School psychologists across Minnesota tell me they are struggling to  keep up with the number of kids who need urgent intervention to make  sure that, for example, their behavioral issues don't become so  significant that they get them kicked out of school altogether.   As for kids whose issues are very real but not so acute--like the  ninth grader whose anxiety makes her sick to her stomach every day-- they wind up stuck on waiting lists for treatment. And that is even  before psychologists can do any active outreach to the students who  haven't reached out for help.   That is why last month I reintroduced my Mental Health Services for  Students Act. This bill would create a grant program for school  districts looking to expand the mental health services they are able to  offer to students by partnering with community mental health system  organizations.    If we are going to get our arms around this crisis, we need to train  more teachers, administrators, and members of the school community,  including parents, to recognize when kids are struggling and to connect  them with help. If we here in the Senate are serious about addressing  mental health in our schools, we should pass this bill without delay.   A comprehensive approach to mental health means improving the system  all along the age continuum. Over in the HELP Committee, we will have  an opportunity this year to reauthorize the Child Abuse Prevention and  Treatment Act, or CAPTA. And I have a bill, sponsored in the House by  my friend Representative Dean Phillips, that would improve the delivery  of mental health services within our child welfare system. For example,  our bill would make sure that young, at-risk children get important  developmental screenings when they need it.   We are learning that childhood trauma can be a major factor in future  mental illness. The more we do to address the underlying trauma,  whether it is poverty, the death or incarceration of a loved one or a  parent, or sexual abuse, the better we address those issues, the better  chance we will have of turning the tide on this epidemic.   The mental health crisis isn't only affecting our kids; it is  affecting our parents too. According to a study by the Centers for  Disease Control, one in five adults age 55 or older experiences a  mental health issue, and a third of them never receive treatment. Men  over the age of 75 have a higher suicide rate than any other age group.  The social isolation that too often comes with aging or caring for a  loved one isn't just unfortunate; it is a public health risk.   Just as we have learned to reach out to the veterans in our lives and  in our communities to let them know we are there for them if they are  struggling, we should do the same for our elders. As the HELP Committee  takes up the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act this year, I  will be working to do my part.  [[Page S2854]]    Our mental health system should be there for people at every age,  from nursery to nursing home. It should be there for people everywhere  along the mental health continuum, offering everything from preventive  care, to ongoing therapy for chronic conditions, to crisis support for  those in acute distress. It should also be there for people in every  ZIP Code, and unfortunately, some of the biggest holes in our system  can be found in rural areas.   As a Senator, I am proud to serve on the Agriculture Committee. I  frequently meet with farm groups, and today mental health is one of the  first topics to come up. Farming is an inherently stressful profession,  especially these days, when the numbers for suicide prevention hotlines  regularly appear in farm publications. But we need to include the  entire rural community, from bankers and pastors to grocers and  fertilizer sellers. We need to include them in this conversation, and  we need to make sure that when people do reach out for help, there is  help there for them.   Unfortunately, rural communities in general are often underserved by  mental health professionals compared to cities and suburbs. Many still  have inconsistent access to the internet, meaning that even online  resources can be out of reach for someone who is struggling. That is  why, in the last farm bill, we set up a rural health liaison in the  Department of Agriculture--someone who understands the specific needs  of rural communities and is charged with paying attention to a crisis  that has too often lurked beneath the surface.   Last year, Senator Murkowski and I worked together to pass a law that  would provide mental health professionals in the National Health  Service Corps with greater flexibility in where they practice and  deliver care, increasing the resources available in underserved rural  communities.   I hope my colleagues will join me in continuing to take action to  address the mental health crisis, and I hope that sharing my own story  will make it easier for more Americans to add their voices to this  fight.   Still, there is no magic cure for depression. There is no magic bill  to solve this problem. Mental health is a reality of life for millions  of people in our country, and we can't legislate it away. If we work to  help more Americans bring their struggles out of the shadows into the  sunshine, if we reach out to people in need and connect them with  people who can help, and if we understand the factors that make people  vulnerable to these problems and focus our energies on making sure the  net is there to catch them if they fall--if we do these things, then we  can take steps in the right direction, one right after the other and  one day at a time.   I still remember what it felt like in those weeks and months after I  began to treat my depression--the sense of empowerment that came with  finally taking my mental health into my own hands, the renewed energy  that came with finally feeling like today is better than yesterday and  maybe tomorrow will be even better yet, and the joy that came with  finally seeing hope on the horizon once again. So even in the midst of  this public health crisis, I believe there is hope on the horizon for  the millions of Americans who struggle with mental illness, but they  are counting on us to make this hopeful vision a reality.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I rise today to join Senator Klobuchar  and my colleagues on behalf of all Minnesotans and Americans who  struggle to afford their prescription drugs.   The increasing price of prescription drugs is a top concern for  Americans and Minnesotans. Every day, companies are launching new  treatments at astronomical prices, and they are spiking the price of  older drugs, like insulin. Americans are taking notice of this greedy  behavior that puts patients last.   The No. 1 issue I hear about from Minnesotans is the cost of  healthcare and specifically the cost of prescription drugs. Every day,  Minnesotans inspire me to fight to lower the price of prescription  drugs, Minnesotans like Rachael Malmberg, a military veteran with  cancer.   Before Rachel battled cancer, she battled teams on the ice, playing  hockey for the University of Minnesota and the U.S. Olympic Team.  Rachael's daily medicine is stabilizing her cancer, but it comes at a  great cost. Even with health insurance, she still pays $9,000 a month.  For Rachael, affording her prescription drugs is a matter of life or  death.   I have also talked with Minnesotans like Nikki Foster, a mom living  with multiple sclerosis in Brooklyn Park, MN. Nikki received her MS  diagnosis only 3 months after running her first half-marathon. The  diagnosis was frightening, and Nikki wondered if she would ever be able  to run again. I am happy to say that 4 years later, Nikki is walking  and running just fine. Her progress is due largely to the treatment  regimen her doctors prescribed. However, with the rising price of her  primary medication, Nikki wonders how long she is going to be able to  afford it. When her medication was first introduced to the market in  2004, the price was around $16,000 a year. Today, it is more than  $80,000.   Without significant changes in the formulation of her medicine, the  price has skyrocketed 440 percent. Those higher prices translated to  higher monthly costs and a constant source of worry for Nikki.   Finally, I am inspired by the memory of Alec Smith. Here is Alec's  story. Alec transitioned off his mom's health insurance at age 26. He  was a type 1 diabetic, so he depended on insulin to survive. Without  insurance, Alec faced a $1,300-a-month cost for managing his diabetes.  Most of that was driven by the high price of the insulin. Alec had a  good job, but his diabetes treatment was eating up nearly 45 percent of  his monthly salary, and that is on top of regular expenses for food and  rent and other basic necessities. So Alec did what he had to do. He  rationed his insulin to make ends meet. Unfortunately, less than a  month after his 26th birthday and less than 1 month after he  transitioned off his mom's insurance, Alec passed away. He was the  victim of insulin rationing.   Colleagues, we are at a crisis point. Thousands of people like Alec  are rationing their prescriptions so they can afford them, and  sometimes they are literally paying with their lives. Patients with  health insurance, like Nikki and Rachael, are facing higher and higher  out-of-pocket costs, and seniors are being forced to choose between  paying for groceries and paying for their medicine.   In the wealthiest country in the world, this is unacceptable. It is  morally wrong that the pharmaceutical companies are raking profits off  of skyrocketing prices while Americans struggle to pay for their  prescription drugs. That is simple to understand, but the industry  would have you believe otherwise.   Their first argument. Well, drug pricing is so complex; it is  impossible to understand; and Congress should study the problem. I  would argue this complexity serves a function. Complexity obscures all  the ways the drug companies are gaming the system to drive up profits.  Colleagues, we can't be paralyzed by complexity. We need to create more  transparency in drug pricing.  [[Page S2871]]    So then the pharmaceutical companies come back with their second  argument. They say high prices are the result of altruistic purposes,  like investing in research, development, and innovation, but,  colleagues, remember, it is taxpayers, not drug companies, who are  subsidizing the basic research that leads to innovation and new cures  through the National Institutes of Health. Innovation can't help people  if it is too expensive to afford.   So then comes their closing argument. We aren't the problem, say the  drug companies. It is the PBMs. It is the insurers. It is everybody  else but us. I would argue that everyone has a role to play. Lots of  companies profit from high drug prices all along the supply chain. That  needs to be fixed, and all of these players need to be held  accountable. Pointing fingers and shifting blame will not bring down  high drug prices. Comprehensive solutions will.   In the coming weeks, I will be reintroducing the Affordable  Medications Act, which is a comprehensive solution that targets the  multiple causes of the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs, and a  number of my Democratic colleagues are working with me on this bill. It  would increase transparency and hold pharmaceutical companies  accountable for their role in setting high prices. My bill would make  prescription drugs more affordable by allowing Medicare to use its  buying power to negotiate lower prices, just like we already do with  the Department of Veterans Affairs.   My bill goes further by penalizing drug companies that spike prices  and allowing for the safe importation of lower cost drugs from other  countries like Canada. My bill would spur innovation by creating a fund  for new antibiotics and funding for clinical drug trials, and it would  protect competition by blocking unfair, anticompetitive drug monopoly  practices. This bill would eliminate the blame game and put patients at  the center of the solution.   Now, I recently introduced bipartisan legislation with Senator  Cassidy to help bring low-cost biosimilars, like insulin, to the  market. I am working to reintroduce legislation that would limit the  ability of the big brand name drug companies to keep lower cost generic  drugs off the market.   Many of these proposals have bipartisan support. Many more should,  but we haven't brought any of these bills up for a vote in the Senate.  I urge my colleagues to take up these proposals and the drug pricing  bills making their way through the House right now as we speak. Alec,  Nikki, Rachael, and all of our constituents don't have the luxury of  waiting for Congress to break through legislative gridlock until they  can afford what they need to live.   Thank you, Senator Klobuchar, for drawing attention to this issue and  for inviting me to join with you today.   I yield to my colleague from Virginia, Senator Kaine.   