 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 9, the  Climate Action Now Act.   My amendment is a commonsense amendment that reaffirms the  interconnection between climate change and public health disparities  plaguing communities across our country and throughout the globe.   Mr. Chair, despite arguments to the contrary by many, there is no  such thing as planet B. This is the only Earth we have, and we need to  act like it. H.R. 9 will ensure that this administration acts  accordingly.   It has been said that politicians consider future elections while  statesmen and -women consider future generations. It is our  responsibility to consider future generations, to take the necessary  actions to reestablish our Nation as a leader in the global fight to  combat climate change.   The impacts of climate change are not some futuristic threat. The  threats are imminent; we are being confronted by them daily; and we  must act now.   Climate scientists have made clear that, if we are to continue down  this path without action, it will be too late. We must act now. We must  act today. We must act at this very moment.   Climate change and global warming are threatening all aspects of our  society and increasing the risk to human lives and health today,  particularly for vulnerable communities like Roxbury and Chelsea in my  district. These communities are finding themselves on the front lines  of the crisis.   For example, in Boston's Chinatown neighborhood, a predominantly  immigrant and low-income community that falls at the crossroads of two  major highways, my constituents breathe some of the most toxic air in  all of Boston, air polluted with car exhaust and other irritants that  are exacerbated by rising heat levels.   While these are largely invisible pollutants, the impacts are crystal  clear. Over the last several years, asthma rates at the Josiah Quincy  Elementary School in the heart of Chinatown have jumped from 18 to 25  percent.   Mr. Chair, let me make this plain. Our children are breathing toxic  air.   These climate injustices are far-reaching. According to a report  released earlier this week by the American Lung Association, more than  141 million people in the U.S. live in communities with unhealthy  levels of toxic pollution, including many living in my home State of  Massachusetts where air quality has worsened each year.   The World Health Organization estimates that 7 million people around  the world die each year as a result of these types of air pollution  exposures. These toxic pollutants are affecting 9 out of 10 people, the  vast majority of the world's population.   These statistics are staggering and, quite frankly, terrifying. If it  seems that we are being fatalists, it is because the threat is a fatal  one.   Again, my amendment recognizes the critical impact that climate  change poses to our fundamental right to breathe clean air, to drink  clean water, and to live in clean and safe communities.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   