 Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 3494,  the Intelligence Authorization Act.   Mr. Chairman, as the chair of the Defense Intelligence and Warfighter  Support Subcommittee, I believe this bill will ensure our warfighters  retain the information and decisionmaking advantages to which we have  grown accustomed and improve the intelligence community's ability to  attract and retain a diverse workforce.   The bill includes provisions that authorize increased intelligence  funding for combatant commanders and our growing strategic competition  with China, Russia, and other malign actors; supports the Defense  Intelligence Agency's ongoing assessment of its roles and missions; and  provides the Director of National Intelligence with the necessary  authority to manage intelligence community-wide academic programs.   This bill also includes language I authored which will improve  Federal campaign election security. My provision will require the  Director of National Intelligence to work with the FBI and the  Department of Homeland Security to make available an advisory report on  foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to those  campaigns. Additionally, my language requires the Director to publish a  summary of best practices and provide information to campaigns to help  thwart these attacks.   This legislation also continues the committee's longstanding and  bipartisan work to promote increased diversity within the intelligence  community's workforce. This bill contains language directing the  intelligence community to expand its annual demographic hiring report  by adding grade level, years of service, career categories, gender  identity, and sexual orientation reporting categories. These changes  will improve the IC's ability to track how well it retains and promotes  persons of diverse backgrounds.   Finally, for the first time in many years, the Intelligence  Authorization Act will provide significant funding for programs that  will improve the IC's ability to introduce students from diverse  backgrounds to its mission.   Mr. Chairman, I look forward to voting in support of this  legislation. I commend the chairman and ranking member on working  together to provide these important authorizations. I encourage my  colleagues to do the same and vote for this bill.   