 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my  concerns with House Resolution 296, which will be debated on the House  floor today.   This counterproductive resolution does not tell the full story of the  region during World War I and reopens a wound between Greeks, Turks,  Armenians, Kurds, and other ethnic groups in the region. Favoring the  preferred storyline of one of these groups without considering  information provided by other ethnic groups in the region would serve  as a failure on our part to do our due diligence and hear out all sides  on this matter of historic significance. No hearings have been held on  this resolution and it has come to the floor without being marked up by  the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.   Looking into the future, this resolution fails to help improve  relations between the states of Turkey and Armenia. Last year, the  Armenian government annulled normalization protocols that were signed  by the two governments on October 10, 2009. It is in our best national  security interests that we work with both governments to help  facilitate the revival of the normalization of relations between the  two nations in order to keep the region at peace without any escalation  towards conflict.   Lastly, the passage of this resolution will only drive our NATO ally,  Turkey, into the open arms of Vladimir Putin and Russia. Already, the  Turkish government has purchased and taken delivery of the Russian  developed S-400 anti-aircraft weapons system. The integration of this  military system undermines the commitments made by all NATO allies to  move away from Russian military systems. Passing this resolution for  the sole purpose of poking Turkey in the eye will only serve as another  reason for Turkey to pursue a separation from NATO.   Mr. Speaker, I will be voting present on House Resolution 296 as I  believe we have failed to do our due diligence in investigating this  matter and exploring the possible unintended consequences that may  arise upon passage of this resolution.   