 Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak on my  amendment to H.R. 840, Kuster amendment No. 14.    Mr. Chairman, first, I thank the members  of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee and our new leader, Mark  Takano. Time and again, this committee proves that Congress can work  across the aisle to pass commonsense policy to improve the lives of our  Nation's veterans. I also thank Congresswoman Julia Brownley, my good  friend and colleague, for improving the availability of childcare  services for veterans seeking mental health treatment.   That is why I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 840, the Veterans' Access  to Child Care Act, and it is also why I proudly offer this amendment.   My amendment would ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs  develops and provides criteria to VA medical centers that account for  access challenges when deciding what type of assistance to provide  these veterans.   This Congress has recognized since at least 2014 that burdens to  access are a significant barrier to receiving the quality healthcare  that veterans want and deserve from our VA. Mental healthcare is no  different.   In fact, access challenges are even more acute for mental health. We  know that an alarmingly small percentage of eligible veterans seek  mental health treatment, and we know that the veteran community is in  crisis over suicide. We must do everything we can to ease the burden to  access.   My amendment would address one of those access challenges that faces  rural veterans daily. It is tough enough for veterans in my home State  of New Hampshire who have to drive hours, sometimes through rain or  snow, to receive the high-quality services at VA medical centers. They  should be afforded the opportunity to place their children at childcare  services closer to home to ease at least one burden, caring for a child  while traveling.   But my amendment would also require the VA to provide childcare  assistance that is convenient to the veteran rather than the  contracting office. If the VA cannot provide services at the facility  and instead must provide services in the community, veterans should not  have to drive across town to drop off their children.   Childcare assistance should be provided in a way that eases burdens  and accounts for geography and long driving distances.   In requiring the Secretary to develop criteria, my amendment will  force consistency in furnishing this benefit and, more importantly,  require the Department to really consider what it means for veterans  seeking mental healthcare while also actively caring for their  children.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment, and I am  grateful for the wonderful work the gentleman does on behalf of our  Nation's veterans.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from  Tennessee for his kind words.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  Takano).    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   