 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss transparency  in our democracy and security for our elections.   It has been nearly a week since Special Counsel Mueller's report was  completed and submitted to the Attorney General of the United States.  We still have not seen the report. I have urged the Department of  Justice to release the report, and the administration should not delay  in producing the report to Congress. We know the American people want  to know what is in the report. According to some public opinion polls,  nearly 90 percent of them have said they want to know what is in the  report. We also know that 420 Members of the House of Representatives  voted that the report should be made public.   We cannot get ourselves out of the mode of remembering that a foreign  power invaded our election. Some people call it meddling. That is what  I do when I call my daughter on a Saturday night and ask her what she  is doing. I call it an invasion of our democracy.   We have learned from the intelligence heads under both Barack Obama  and Donald Trump, including former Senator Coats, who told us that this  has happened, and, in fact, the Russians are getting even bolder. That  is what he told us. That is why I think it is very important, putting  everything else aside, that we find out the facts in this report.   There have been indictments that have come out of this  investigation--dozens of indictments. They made it clear that the  unprecedented interference in the 2016 election was designed by the  Kremlin with the goal of making Americans lose faith in our election  system, whether you are a Democrat, a Republican, or an Independent.   We know from the intelligence heads and from some of the indictments  that have been made public that they did this in many ways. We have  learned that the Russians tried to hack into the actual election  equipment of 21 States and that in Illinois, they got as far as the  voter files. What does that mean? If we could get more facts about that  since that was actually--the hacking of the campaigns and elections was  referenced in Attorney General Barr's four-page letter. Well, if we  knew more facts, it might help Senator Lankford and me to pass our  bill, the Secure Elections Act. We have the support of Senator Burr and  Senator Warner, as well as Senator Harris and Senator Graham. Maybe it  would help us convince the leader that we should have a vote on the  simple concept of having backup paper ballots and audits. Maybe  [[Page S2073]]  it would help us convince the public to put pressure on the White House  not to block that bill.   It doesn't matter what political party you are in--we all want to  have secure elections. None of us want to have a situation where there  is one county or one State in which elections get screwed up because  someone hacked into them.   The other thing that we learned and got confirmed in the four-page  letter was that we know there was hacking into a political campaign,  right? Well, we want to know the facts about that.   Again, as people have noticed, there are a lot of people running for  office--not just for President but for the U.S. Senate and the House of  Representatives--and certainly the American people and the people who  work in the Congress have the right to know exactly what happened. That  was one of the major reasons we had this investigation in the first  place.   There was something else that was mentioned in the four-page letter  that we all want to have more details about; that is, another way  Russia tried to influence our election was through the spread of false  propaganda on the internet, right? We have now seen the ads. We have  seen them in sworn hearings. One of the ones that I will never forget  is one that was Russian sponsored, which was a picture of an African- American woman, and it basically said--I am paraphrasing--``Why wait in  line? You can text your vote for Hillary Clinton,'' with a texting  number on it. That is a crime. That is illegal. That was one of the ads  the Russians put into our system.   We know that they put false issue ads out there to divide Americans-- sometimes from the left, trying to make it like they were looking from  the left, and sometimes from the right. They were simply trying to sow  discord in our great democracy.   Our democracy is fragile. Our democracy is something that we cherish.  Our democracy must be protected. That is why, if we could get this full  report, that would help us greatly to perhaps step back and look at the  Honest Ads Act. That is a bill which I had with Senator McCain and  Senator Warner, and we have a number of Republicans who are actually  cosponsoring it in the House of Representatives.   I think getting more details here would help to make the case that  before the 2020 election--we know that in 2016 alone, $1.4 billion was  spent on internet advertising, on social media platforms, such as  Facebook and Twitter, and we didn't know who was paying for it. We  later found out that some of it was in rubles. How obvious can you get?  And then also we didn't even know what the ads were because they just  vanished from the internet.    So when we first proposed this bill, people said: Oh, you are trying  to regulate. Well, guess what. Things changed after Cambridge  Analytica, and we suddenly got growing support for this idea that the  same rules that apply to newspaper and TV and radio should apply to  internet platforms. Now, a number of the major platforms are doing it  themselves, although they vary in what they do and it is a patchwork.  Also, major CEOs of these companies are saying they now support this  bill.   The time has come--in fact, we are running out of time--to put the  rules in place on issue ads and candidate ads. I believe it is not just  selfishly what I want to get done; it is something that a lot of people  in this Chamber want to get done, and that is, making sure our next  election is protected from foreign influence on the propaganda side, on  the election security side, and on the hacking side. Getting the full  report will help us make the case. It will help us figure out exactly  what happened.   As I mentioned, there are many people--420 in the House of  Representatives--who said they want to see it. Congress should be able  to see the full, unredacted report without delay. We are a coequal  branch of government and have received unredacted grand jury and  classified information in the past. But more than Congress, the public  should be able to see this. That is why the House voted 420 to 0--we  don't get that kind of vote on a volleyball resolution--in support of  publicly releasing the report. Members standing in the way of this  report becoming public will have to explain why to the American people.   We know we can do two things at once in this Chamber or maybe 20  things at once. We know the importance right now of making sure we  don't repeal the Affordable Care Act, which is why 2 nights ago I was  here at this very desk until late at night reading 100 letters from  people who opposed repealing the Affordable Care Act because of the  protection it gives them to not get kicked off their health insurance.  We know how important it is to finally do something about prescription  drugs. We know how important it is to work on advancing an optimistic  economic agenda for the people of this country. At the same time, we  also have to protect the public's right to know. We have to protect the  security in many ways--security of our country abroad, our military-- and make sure we are protecting the very democracy that is at the core  of this country. The way to do that is to make sure no foreign power  messes with our election.   There are hundreds of pages in this report. There are hundreds of  people who were interviewed. All of us are a little in the dark,  especially those people who are not on the committees that receive  classified information. There are many people who would like to know  exactly what went down. If I were the secretary of state in one of our  States, whether it be the State of Arkansas or the State of Arizona, I  would want to know what happened because I, if I am the secretary of  state, am responsible for my State's election security.   We urge the Attorney General to do everything he can to make this  report public. Now that the special counsel has completed his  investigation, we must see the report.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of H. Con. Res. 24, expressing the sense of Congress that  the report of Special Counsel Mueller should be made available to the  public and to Congress, which is at the desk; further, that the  concurrent resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with  no intervening action or debate.    Reserving the right to object, I would simply point  out that this entire investigation was started by the Justice  Department under the Republican administration, and then, of course,  guided by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who was appointed by  the President.   I will note that this is a simple resolution to just get the report.  We may not agree with the foundation of this investigation, but we are  simply trying to get the fruits of the investigation, which I believe  will be helpful to this Chamber to figure out what we should do to  protect our national security.   We are simply trying to adopt and consider the House resolution,  which again was voted on 420 to 0, including all Republicans present.  The House voted 420 to 0 to see the report. That is why I was simply  hoping that we could do this on a bipartisan basis and try to see the  report ourselves.   Therefore, I object.    Madam President, if my Republican colleagues don't  want to read the report and they want to rely on a summary, that is  their right, and they can make requests in the future. I am sure they  can get all of that in the future, but all I am simply asking for right  now is that whether you agreed with this investigation or not, the  public have the right to see the hundreds of pages that may well help  us understand what Russia did.   I believe our constitutional duty requires us to have the report and  the American people do not deserve to be left in the dark about what  the report says.   I hope that it will be made public very soon, and I hope the Attorney  General of the United States understands there are a number of us who  would like to see a full unredacted report, and there are a whole lot  of people who would like to see it as well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   