 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the House Amendment  to the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1158, a funding package that wraps  together the FY 2020 Department of Defense and the FY 2020 Department  of Homeland Security funding bills. While I support the other funding  bills included in this package, I am concerned and opposed to the  policies and priorities outlined in the Defense and Homeland Security  bill and will vote No.   I support our men and women in uniform and ensuring they have the  equipment and resources they need to do their jobs. The 3.1% military  pay raise should be applauded.   The best way to support our men and women is to ensure those funds  are being well spent rather than on things that do nothing to enhance  or security, that we do not need, and which we cannot afford, but also  for Congress to reassert our authority to prevent dangerous national  security and foreign policy decisions, that will have consequences for  generations.   Among my concerns with the Defense bill is continued and higher  spending for the Defense Department with little or no oversight,  especially when it comes to wasteful spending on overbudget programs.  In this bill, we fund one of the largest military budgets in history,  with little oversight to ensure we are getting the best bang for the  buck. As we have seen with this capricious President, oversight is  essential and necessary.   I am also troubled by the decision to drop the provision that would  call for the repeal of the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military  Force and for Congress to debate its replacement. Congress' war power  is not self-executing and we need to aggressively protect it.   We will never stop open ended war if we never reconsider the open- ended authorizations that are feeding them. Yet, I am concerned when  you consider this omission combined with the decision to drop key  provisions from the FY 2020 NDAA (that I voted to add to that bill in  the House) such as the provision ending the 2002 AUMF for Iraq--which  is outdated and needless. While the FY 2020 NDAA included a provision  providing paid leave to federal employees, it dropped strong language  barring funding for an unauthorized war with Iran and ending U.S.  involvement in the humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen.   This is the bill that funds the policies and spending that was  authorized in the NDAA and I will vote NO.   Tomorrow, we'll have a debate about the Constitution and our  authority, ability, and responsibility to hold the President  accountable. Well, we need a similar debate when it comes to war and  peace. The Constitution is clear about Congress' authority and yet  every time we punt on reasserting our authority to either approve or  disapprove sending our men and women in uniform to war, we weaken our  institution and our democracy.   Please know I will continue to work with my colleagues and support  legislation to address the important House-passed provisions that were  left out of this legislation and the final FY 2020 NDAA.   I also oppose the Department of Homeland Security funding bill.  Neither this bill nor the Defense bill include strong restrictions on  the President's ability to transfer and move funds for the border wall  or to implement and enforce his immoral and unlawful immigration  policies. From the terrible family separation policy, to the remain in  Mexico policy, to even the decision by immigration authorities to  ignore the CDC recommendation that those in detention be provided with  flu shots during flu season. According to media reports, last May, a  16-year-old Guatemalan boy died in immigration custody after being  diagnosed with the flu. This is just cruel.   I appreciate the work of my colleagues, from Chairwoman Lowey to  Chairwomen Roybal-Allard to add strong oversight provisions to the bill  and to end these harmful and ineffective immigration policies.  Unfortunately, many of those efforts were not included.   We can do better which is why I will vote NO.   