 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from New York--her  and her staff, as well as the members of the committee--for putting  together this supplemental disaster appropriations, H.R. 268, which  seems to address many of the issues that the territories and other  areas that have been affected by disaster are continuing to face.   Additionally, it is sending a strong message to the administration  about the slow walking and the additional restrictions that they have  put in funding that Congress had already passed both here in the House  as well as on the Senate side and the President himself sent.   So this disaster supplemental bill contains much-needed support for  ongoing disaster recovery efforts in my district, the U.S. Virgin  Islands, as well as Puerto Rico and other disaster-affected States and  territories.   For the Virgin Islands, this bill, as well as for Puerto Rico,  addresses Federal cost share for all FEMA public assistance grants,  including for debris removal and emergency measures to protect public  health and safety--if you can believe, we are still dealing with debris  removal--and for permanent infrastructure restoration for the duration  of the recovery from Hurricanes Irma and Maria.    Additionally, of the funds provided for EPA programs, while I am very  pleased to see that $74.6 million is set aside for the Virgin Islands  to improve drinking water and wastewater systems resiliency, this is a  very positive relief package for Americans in our island territories  still reeling from unprecedented disaster, still reeling from a place  where our hospitals are not back in operation and where our children  just went back to a full day of school this October after over a year.   I am pleased that the House will be sending a firm message to the  administration that its recent decision not to continue the waiver of  cost share of public assistance to the Virgin Islands would severely  hinder the territory's ongoing recovery.   I also take this opportunity to express my strong opposition to  diverting disaster funds to build a border wall, which would create a  true national emergency.   