 Madam Speaker, I want to begin by thanking the  Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Appropriations  [[Page H10385]]  Subcommittee, Mr. Fleischmann, for his professionalism and partnership  in putting this bill together. I don't believe either one of us is  satisfied with all aspects of the bill, but I am confident that he and  our staffs put their best foot forward in trying to find compromise and  resolution.   When excluding major disaster funding and funding for overseas  contingency operations by the Coast Guard, Division D of H.R. 1158  appropriates $50.5 billion for the Department of Homeland Security.  That total is $1.2 billion below the budget request and $1.1 billion  above the FY2019 enacted level, including an increase of $325 million  for cybersecurity and infrastructure security.   This bill significantly enhances oversight of our immigration and  detention enforcement activities, including increases of:   $10 million for a new Office of Immigration Detention Ombudsman to  conduct unannounced inspections of detention facilities and investigate  and resolve complaints about misconduct by DHS personnel;   $20 million for the Inspector General for oversight of detention and  enforcement activities; and   $14 million for ICE' s Office of Professional Responsibility to  increase the frequency and rigor of detention inspections.   The bill increases funding for the Office of Targeted Violence and  Terrorism Prevention, including $10 million for a grant program to help  communities develop strategies and programs to prevent targeted  violence.   For CBP, while the bill is $43.7 million below the FY2019 enacted  level, it continues to invest in smart border security technologies,  the hiring of customs officers to facilitate trade and travel at the  border, and humanitarian assistance for migrants in CBP custody.   For ICE, the bill increases resources for Alternatives to Detention  to ensure immigrants can remain in our communities while awaiting their  fair day in immigration court, but does not increase detention beds  above the FY2019 level.   There are no increases to hire new Border Patrol Agents, or  Immigration enforcement personnel, and no funding above FY2019 for  border barriers.   The bill provides resources for:   TSA to manage increased passenger volume and to procure advanced  detection technologies to make our airports safer and more efficient;  the Coast Guard to meet increased mission requirements, including a  down payment on a new Polar Security Cutter to advance our national  interests in the Arctic; the Secret Service to manage candidate  protection for next year's presidential election; and increased  resources for FEMA grant programs, including a total of $90 million for  nonprofit security grants.   The bill also includes multiple oversight and reporting directives  related to immigration enforcement and detention, and it authorizes  members of Congress to make unannounced oversight visits to detention  facilities.   The other bills included in this minibus also include priorities I  support, including $7.6 billion for a fair and accurate census; a 3.1%  pay raise for our servicemembers and civil servants; $425 million for  election security grants; and grant funding to address the sexual  assault kit and DNA evidence backlogs.   Unfortunately, the bill does not reclaim Congress's constitutional  power of the purse. House and Senate Republicans refused to include  House bill provisions that would have prevented the President from once  again diverting other funds to augment appropriated levels of border  barrier and detention bed funding.   To be clear, this bill is better for the Department and for  congressional oversight than if we had turned to the only other  alternative, a year-long Continuing Resolution.   Nevertheless, it is an abdication of congressional authority for this  bill to continue allowing the President to routinely ignore and  circumvent congressional funding decisions.   Despite the many good things in this legislation, I cannot legitimize  ceding that authority once again to the President by voting for the  bill.   