 Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague, Gerry Connolly, for his  strong leadership on this issue.   I rise in strong support of H. Res. 790 and in strong support of a  long-overdue cost-of-living increase for Federal civil servants.   Many will remember the President's callous executive order of  December 30, right in the middle of the shutdown, freezing Federal  workers' salaries while hundreds of thousands of them were furloughed  or, worse, working without pay.   Federal employees are not the swamp, as some would have you believe.  Federal employees are the people who make sure that Social Security  checks are mailed on time each month. They are the scientists  researching cures for cancer. They are tour guides in our national  parks. They are FBI agents investigating criminal activity. They are  the air traffic controllers and TSA agents keeping us safe when we fly.   We saw during the shutdown how important every dollar of every  paycheck is for Federal employees to pay their bills, to pay their  rent, to pay their mortgage, to afford childcare, to pay off their  student loans, and, yes, even to feed their families.   It is time to give Federal employees the pay raise and the respect  they deserve, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr.  Clay) for yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 79, which is my resolution  expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that government  shutdowns are detrimental to the Nation and should not occur.   Mr. Speaker, between December 22 and January 25, more than 800,000  Federal workers went without pay because of the Trump shutdown.   Saying that shutdowns harm the American people and the economy should  not be controversial. These facts are not up for debate, or at least  they shouldn't be. But yesterday, members of the Freedom Caucus  basically tried to shut down the House of Representatives because they  objected to a sentence in the resolution that said the President shut  down the government to achieve a legislative end.   Now, he did. We all saw him say it on television, and we have seen it  many, many times since then. But I am a brand-new legislator, and I am  all about getting to ``yes'' and finding consensus, so the offending  clause has been removed from this resolution and should not be a  problem anymore.   For 35 days, our workers were forced to go without a paycheck. That  is two pay periods that workers had to make difficult financial  decisions for themselves and for their families.   Essential services were halted; national parks were shuttered; and  our national security was compromised during this time.    TSA screeners and air traffic controllers were forced to work without  pay. FBI offices had to delay indictments against violent criminals.   The CBO estimated the effect of the Trump shutdown to be $11 billion,  with more than a quarter of that amount permanently lost.   The shutdown also impacted our Federal Government's ability to  recruit and retain career public servants, with many Federal workers  reconsidering their career choices after this shutdown irreparably  harmed them.   On December 20, the President announced that he would refuse to sign  legislation that had been unanimously passed by the Senate just the day  before due to his insistence that Congress provide funding to build a  wall along the southern border.   This was not a priority before Democrats took over the House of  Representatives, but all of a sudden, it was a crisis. This resulted in  the longest government shutdown in American history.   Mr. Speaker, my resolution highlights the substantial burdens that  were placed on the American people from the President of the United  States attempting to use a government shutdown to get a policy win.  Nobody wins when the government shuts down.   My district is home to tens of thousands of Federal workers and  government contractors, and the impact of the shutdown was felt in my  district almost immediately.   I also have heard from people all over the country who were impacted  by the shutdown, including an air traffic controller who told me about  the stress that going two pay periods without pay added to what is  already one of the most stressful jobs in the Nation.   I heard from a family who had to give up their Christmas entirely and  who asked their children to hold their money, because they needed to  make sure they had the funds to buy food during the prolonged shutdown.   I heard from the CEO of a small business in my district that relies  on Federal contracts with the Federal Government who was worried about  how he was going to continue to pay his workers when his invoices from  the Federal Government were not being paid.   Meanwhile, the guidance from the administration to workers without  paychecks was to suggest they take out loans, have a garage sale,  babysit, drive for Uber, become a mystery shopper, or ask their  landlord for an extension on their rent.   On January 24, the Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, made comments  on live news expressing confusion about why Federal employees who have  been furloughed or are working without pay had to receive assistance at  food banks.  [[Page H1309]]    These unreasonable suggestions from the administration and the  comments from Secretary Ross showed just how out of touch the  administration is when it comes to our Federal workers, many of whom do  live paycheck to paycheck.   We have an opportunity to make it clear that shutting down the  Government of the United States is not an acceptable strategy to  resolve policy differences.   Mr. Speaker, after all they have been through, we owe assurances to  the millions of Federal civilian workers, including the hundreds of  thousands who were furloughed earlier this month, that Congress will  ensure continued, uninterrupted operations of the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this resolution.   