 Mr. Speaker, peaceful dissent and the protesting of  injustice are the right of all Americans guaranteed by the  Constitution. It is called freedom of speech. H. Res. 246 renounces the  peaceful promotion of human rights, self-determination, and justice on  behalf of Palestinian people living under Israeli military occupation.  At the same time, this resolution completely ignores the Netanyahu  government's brutality, dehumanization, and subjugation of Palestinian  people at the root of this peaceful movement.   The State of Israel is a sovereign nation, an ally of the United  States, and a military power that occupies Palestinian lands for the  benefit of Jewish settlers. H. Res. 246 originally claimed that the use  of voluntary boycotts, divestment, and sanctions ``undermines the  possibility of a negotiated solution to the Israeli-Palestinian  conflict.'' I am pleased that this language has been removed.   I am also very pleased that resolving clause 3 was added to affirm  the Constitutional right of U.S. citizens to free speech, including  ``the right to protest or criticize the policies of the United States  or a foreign government.''   Israel cannot be delegitimized by any outside movement, it is a  nation-state that is selfgoverned and makes its own laws, its own  policies. Sadly, and I say sadly because I want peace and security for  the Israeli people, it is the actions of the Netanyahu government that  delegitimizes Israel's standing in the world community.   Today's Washington Post ran a headline: ``Israeli demolition of  Palestinian homes provokes outcry.'' Is this the action of a nation  seeking peaceful negotiations? Is the annexation of Palestinian lands  or the military detention and torture of Palestinian children an effort  to seek a negotiated peace agreement?   Under Prime Minister Netanyahu, Israel is engaged in a systemic,  violent, and repressive strategy to annex Palestinian lands and  permanently displace the Palestinian population, not seek a negotiated  peace or a two-state solution. Shamefully, the President of the United  States and the U.S. ambassador to Israel are enabling this effort in a  reversal of decades of bipartisan U.S. foreign policy.   Actions by Congress, like passing H. Res. 246, which ignore reality  and effectively supports military occupation, violations of  international humanitarian law, and the subjugation of the Palestinian  population, does not strengthen Israel, but it does damage the standing  of the U.S. House in the eyes of the world.   It is time for Congress to exercise real American leadership that is  based on our values and the belief that Israel deserves peace and  security, and at the same time the Palestinian people deserve justice,  equality, and an end to Israeli repression and occupation. H. Res. 246  offers nothing but the perpetuation of the status quo, repression, and  conflict.   I am voting to oppose H. Res. 246.   