 Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to get to be here  on this floor, and I get to share my story.   In mid-2013 my husband, Dan, and I went in for our 20-week ultrasound  as excited first-time parents. We were not prepared for what we were  told. We were told our unborn baby had a zero percent chance at  survival. There were no kidneys. It was a condition called bilateral  renal agenesis, or Potter's syndrome. As a result, our baby would  either miscarry or be born unable to breathe because her lungs wouldn't  develop. She would literally suffocate upon arrival if we brought her  to term.   I, of course, was encouraged from physicians to abort my baby. While  there are many reasons that lead women to make that decision, Dr.  Jennifer Gunter, who is a women's health advocate, asserts that  ``terminations after 24 weeks are for severe fetal anomalies.''   Now, our baby's diagnosis wasn't just severe; it was without any  glimmer of hope. Being told that that wriggling, alive, kicking child  in your stomach will certainly die doesn't just take the breath out of  your lungs, it is like hell screaming in your face, and it leads to  fear.   Miraculously, our doctors were wrong. We pushed forward with that  pregnancy and were successful. We had seen something that had never  happened before: my baby developed lungs in utero without kidneys. It  was an impossible outcome to the medical world at that time.   In good faith, our doctors had given us their honest, professional  opinions. But guess what. Doctors aren't infallible.   While we wouldn't have known this if we hadn't tried to overcome this  diagnosis--and through divine intervention and some amazing doctors who  were willing to charter new waters, literally--we now get to experience  our daughter, Abigail, who is holding the Bible for the swearing-in  standing next to me and Speaker Pelosi, a healthy, happy 5-year-old who  is a big sister. She says that some day she is going to be the boss of  Mommy's work.   Look out, Speaker Pelosi.   So since our story became public, I have talked to moms all over the  world who, like me, carried their babies into the second and third  trimesters hoping to deliver and then are given devastating diagnoses.  But what if the doctor is wrong about their babies, too?   Abigail was the first to survive her condition, but because of her  breakthrough, she is not the only survivor now.   Radical legislation in New York and Virginia has recently brought  late-term or partial-birth abortion into the spotlight. But what if we  used this discussion to go on the offensive against the potential  disease instead of attacking the pregnancy itself?   Some parents have been presented with scary prenatal tests that can  produce false alarms. These same earnest, loving, would-be parents have  made permanent decisions based on what could be incorrect information.   What if the baby won't have that significant health condition or  disability after all? Or even if she does, what about the loving  families eager to raise a child in anticipation of her living a full  and fulfilling life?   We got to hear Frank Stephens, an exceptionally joy-filled disability  champion with Down syndrome, describe, at a congressional hearing, how  he is a medical gift to society in that his extra chromosome might lead  to the answer to Alzheimer's. Science bears this out.   Our society celebrates the term, ``diversity.'' Shouldn't that mean  full diversity, which includes all physical and mental abilities, or  disabilities as some call it?   We step onto very shaky ground when we start deciding who lives or  dies based on one's abilities or, possibly, lack thereof in utero  because, despite our best intentions or the best intentions of the  messenger--doctor or otherwise--there is a limit to what science can  predict.   That is not naivete speaking. That is coming from the mom of a child  who was given a zero percent chance of survival based on, at the time,  sound science.   Now this kiddo has a full, adult life ahead of her, and those of us  who know her are privileged, immeasurably.   Do you know what? Every single child, regardless of their ability,  has that same potential if we only give them that chance.   I believe that care, understanding, and compassion are needed at  every stage of a woman's maternal journey. But to me, that means  empowering mothers to dwell in the realm of the possible, not the  impossible, even if it has never been tried before.  [[Page H1561]]    