 Mr. President, this week, America is paying tribute to  more than 19 million people in our country and a half million people in  Michigan who show us every day what service is all about.   America's veterans have served in many ways and on many different  fronts. However, I think they all have a couple of things in common.   The first is that they love our Nation so much that they are willing  to put their lives on the line for our Constitution, our democracy, our  values, and our ideals for our country. The second is that they  understand that patriotism is a lot more than a feeling of pride.  Instead, it is a way of life.   Veterans don't finish their military service, hang up their uniforms,  go home, never to be heard from again. Instead, these are the people  around us who take a good look at their community, their State, our  country, see what needs to be done, and step up.   Not all of us have what it takes to serve in our Armed Forces. Yet  all of us do have the ability to follow the example of those who have  served us, see a need, and raise our hands. Imagine how much better off  our Nation would be if we all had that same dedication to give  something back.   As we have been celebrating Veterans Day this week, we should all  remember that when American men and women sign up to serve in our armed  services, they really sign a blank check to our country--a check that  could include everything, including losing their life. When our Nation  accepts that check, we need to make sure we are holding up our end of  the bargain.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration is failing to provide  veterans with the benefits they have earned, especially when it comes  to healthcare.   Congress passed the VA MISSION Act last year to improve veterans'  access to healthcare and to expand benefits to caregivers, which is so  important. Yet the VA missed the October deadline--missed the October  deadline--to include Vietnam and Korean war veterans in the expansion.   The VA has kicked eligible veterans out of the caregiver program  without explaining why. Meanwhile, more than 60,000 veterans who  received emergency care at non-VA facilities in 2017 are still waiting  for the VA to pay their medical bills.   Perhaps worst of all, this administration turned their backs on more  than 80,000 Vietnam-era veterans who developed illnesses because of  toxic exposure to Agent Orange. We have known for a long time that  Agent Orange exposure has caused many serious health issues.   In fact, I first started working on this issue regarding Agent Orange  and fighting for our veterans when I was in the Michigan State  legislature, trying to get the Federal Government to recognize and  provide VA health coverage for these illnesses. Over the years, some  things have changed and improved, but it has been way, way too slow.   Veterans who have been suffering for years were offered hope in 2017  when then-Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin added bladder  cancer, underactive thyroid, high blood pressure, and Parkinson's-like  symptoms to the list of diseases eligible for Agent Orange benefits  without going through a lot of bureaucracy in order to get their  healthcare coverage. He did so at the urging of the National Academy of  Medicine based on the science--medical science--of the connection.   Unfortunately, veterans with these conditions are still waiting. This  was back in 2017. They are still waiting to get that healthcare, and  that is because the Office of Management and Budget Director, Mick  Mulvaney, quietly ignored the science and rejected the coverage  expansion. Why? We now know, through emails that have been made public,  that he thought it was too costly.   Really? Let me remind you that these veterans each signed a blank  check to our Nation. For veterans who were exposed to Agent Orange, the  check they signed is in the amount of their health and well-being.   A number of colleagues in this Chamber, led by Senator Tester and  Senator Brown, whom I see on the floor, have repeatedly asked the VA to  explain the delay in coverage. Their questions, over and over again,  have gone unanswered.   We only now know what really happened when a veteran trying to get  help, trying to get treatment, finally filed a FOIA request--Freedom of  Information Act request--to get information about who was holding it up  and what was going on. Just recently, we have found out that the Office  of Management and Budget--that Mick Mulvaney blocked the care because  he thought it was going to cost too much.   It is now November of 2019, and Vietnam veterans are still not  getting treatment for these diseases. Yesterday, my friend Senator  Brown from Ohio requested unanimous consent on his resolution, which I  am pleased to be a cosponsor of, that expands the diseases covered by  the VA for Agent Orange exposure. It would fix this and say to the OMB  Director: We want to make sure we are keeping our end of the bargain  for our Vietnam vets who were exposed to Agent Orange.   Once again, Leader McConnell and Republicans chose to stand with the  Trump administration and Mick Mulvaney to stop veterans from getting  this critical healthcare coverage. I was amazed to actually hear the  objection include the words, ``It costs too much.''   It is not enough to praise our veterans with words. We do that all  the time, especially around the 11th of November. Praise doesn't pay  the medical bills. Praise doesn't give a veteran a healthy life, a job,  a home, or opportunities.   This administration, Congress, and our country must keep each and  every promise our country has made to those who have served, period.  Each and every one of them signed that blank check to our country.   Leader McConnell, it is time to hold up our country's end of the  bargain.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S6588]]    