 Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you, Senator Collins.   I rise today proudly wearing a yellow rose in solidarity with 24  other women who serve in the U.S. Senate to recognize what is a very  historic milestone in our Nation's history. Almost 100 years ago, after  decades and decades of struggle by brave women and men, our Nation  finally extended to women the most fundamental right of our democracy-- the right to vote. The struggle for women's suffrage was fought in  every corner of our country, and communities all over the Nation are  planning to recognize their contributions over the next year.   Today marks precisely 100 years to the day that the Senate passed the  19th Amendment. I am proud to state that a week later, on June 10,  1919, Wisconsin became the first State in our Union to ratify the 19th  Amendment. I am always proud to say that my home State was the very  first to ratify women's right to vote, narrowly beating our neighbor to  the south, the State of Illinois, because of a paperwork error. You  know, we are still first. I am especially happy that I will forever  have bragging rights over my friend from Illinois, the co-chair of the  Senate caucus, Senator Tammy Duckworth, because Illinois wasn't quite  quick enough and Wisconsin did it first.   I am also proud today to wear a purple ribbon. This ribbon is in  recognition of the women of color who fought and marched alongside  their White colleagues in the suffrage movement but whose contributions  went largely unsung and many of whom were still denied the right to  vote after the 19th Amendment was ratified.   As we observe and celebrate this historic moment, we must be careful  not to mistake progress for victory. With just 131 women currently  serving in Congress, we are well short of equal representation in  government. Government works best when legislatures reflect the people  they work for--when they look like America. That is why it is important  to increase the number of women who serve in public office. Women are  half the population. We should be half of our Nation's government, too.   When I first entered public service, I had the opportunity to sit on  the Madison City Council. I remember well a meeting when I had one of  those light bulb moments of the difference that women make when we  serve.   The city council that day was debating whether to extend service and  add an additional bus route that went directly to the Madison Area  Technical College's new campus. I remember listening to my male  colleagues and their participation in the debate. There was a lot of  focus on funding and logistics and finger pointing at which body in  government should bear this responsibility. At first, they didn't seem  to think that the city council should take action to add another bus  route.   Then I began hearing the voices of my female colleagues. They began  speaking of and describing their experience traveling to campus. They  spoke about evening classes and having to walk a long distance down a  poorly lit road to get to the nearest bus stop. They spoke about the  dangers of walking home alone at night. Most women can identify with  the fear of walking or commuting home late at night. It seemed that the  men in the debate hadn't thought about it in the same way before that  moment. The whole debate changed as soon as women's voices were heard,  and the city council ultimately voted to fund a new route that went  right to the campus door.   Women bring their life experiences to the job. It helps inform our  debate, our votes, and the policies that we deliver. My experience with  the women of the U.S. Senate, past and present, is that they ran for  office and came to Washington to solve problems. I feel like we are  guided by the idea that our job is to work together and to get things  done. That is what we do, both Democrats and Republicans, as we work  together to deliver solutions.   I worked with my colleague Senator Susan Collins to pass legislation  to better support the more than 40 million family caregivers in this  country who contribute millions of dollars each year in uncompensated  care for their loved ones. I worked with my colleague Senator Joni  Ernst to pass legislation to provide our Nation's farmers and  agricultural workers with the mental health resources they need to deal  with the extreme economic stress that our farmers have faced in recent  years. I worked with my colleague Senator Lisa Murkowski to pass  legislation that will bring more obstetricians to rural areas and  expand access to maternity care to women so they no longer have to  drive hours to get the healthcare they need or to deliver their babies.   I appreciate these partnerships and the many others that I have been  able to experience, and I look forward to continuing to work together  on a bipartisan basis to deliver results for the American people. With  more women in public office, you will see more solutions to the  challenges and problems we face. Women get stuff done.   In 2017, I was proud to lead bipartisan legislation to establish the  Women's Suffrage Centennial Commission and ensure that we give this  important anniversary the recognition and celebration it deserves. I am  thrilled to say that the Commission is now hard at work in developing,  supporting, and  [[Page S3195]]  lifting up commemorative efforts across this country. It is working  with private organizations and government at every level to encourage  and help facilitate their events.   I give a particularly heartfelt thank-you to my friend and former  Senator Barbara Mikulski, who helped to get the Commission started and  is now actually serving as a Commissioner.   I look forward to seeing the great work of the Women's Suffrage  Centennial Commission as we get closer to the formal anniversary  celebration of when the 19th Amendment finally became part of our  Nation's charter.   I am grateful today for the brave women who came before us and fought  for the right of all American women to have a say in their own  government. Thanks to their struggle, their persistence, and their  determination to bring women the right to vote, I stand here today as  one of 25 women who serves in the U.S. Senate and represents the great  State of Wisconsin.   We have more work to do, but in 2018, more women ran for office and  won than ever before in our Nation's history. As a result, we have a  new Congress that is starting to look just a little bit more like the  people it aims to represent. Let's keep building on that progress, and  let's keep working together on solutions to the challenges we face  today.   