 Madam Chair, I support H.R. 1112, the Enhanced Background  Checks Act of 2019 as a commonsense measure to improve the current  firearms background check system and to save lives.   Twenty-five years ago today, we began implementation of the Brady  Background Checks Act. The system it employs to run background checks  on those seeking to purchase firearms from licensed gun dealers has  made us safer.   Now it is time to address the circumstances in which the FBI needs  additional time to investigate information relating to a prospective  purchaser when the records may not be immediately clear as to whether  someone is legally allowed to purchase a firearm.   Under current law, after 3 days, a gun dealer has the discretion to  sell a gun to a purchaser, if the system has not given a green light to  the sale after 3 business days have passed without a denial being  issued by the system. In these circumstances, it is the choice of the  dealer as to whether to proceed with the sale, which we call a default  proceed, or whether to wait for the check to be implemented.   The results of such a choice were tragic in Charleston, South  Carolina, in 2015, when a young man filled with hate shot and killed  nine worshippers at the Emanuel AME Church. The gun used in this murder  had been transferred by a gun dealer to the shooter even though the  check had not been completed by the FBI, but would have resulted in a  denial had the check been finished.   This is not an isolated incident. Since 1994, gun sellers proceeded  with between 3,000 and 4,000 default proceed sales per year. Analyzing  data provided by the Department of Justice, one study found that such  sales are eight times more likely to involve a prohibited purchaser  than other background checks.   In 2017 alone, default proceed sales accounted for more than 4,800  transfers to purchasers who were prohibited from owning firearms. The  FBI reported that, in 2007 and 2008, in cases a licensed seller sold a  firearm through default proceed transfers----    The FBI reported that, in 2007 and 2008, in cases where a  licensed seller sold a firearm through default proceed transfers,  approximately 22 percent of the individuals investigated were legally  prohibited from purchasing or possessing a firearm.   The additional time provided by H.R. 1112 is not too much to ask so  that we may help prevent tragedies such as the Charleston shooting from  happening. This is why I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting  this bill today.   