 Mr. President, I come to the floor to join my  colleagues who were speaking earlier today about the many U.S. citizens  who are Federal employees who are impacted by the shutdown. Coast Guard  PO2 Amy-Erin Hamilton, stationed in Seattle, WA, is one of those  individuals. She is the mother of three children: Sienna, age 10;  Tucker, age 9; and Annabella, age 5. Amy-Erin is married to Dan  Hamilton, who is also an Active-Duty member.  [[Page S251]]    Amy-Erin is a shining example of the service and leadership we see in  our Coast Guard today. In December, she was given a meritorious  advancement, which is rare and an incredible honor. Despite this,  though, she is working without pay and has had to seek outside income  to support that family I just mentioned.   This is the 26th day of a Federal Government shutdown. Yesterday,  55,000 Coast Guard personnel did not receive their midmonth paychecks.  The Coast Guard Commandant issued a letter to the workforce explaining  what was happening, explaining that this is the first time that a  branch of our military has not been paid during a government shutdown.   There are 41,000 Active-Duty members, 6,200 Reservist members, 8,500  civilians, and 50,500 Coast Guard retirees. That is the U.S. Coast  Guard family. Thirty-one percent of the Coast Guard families do not  have enough emergency savings to make it through the shutdown. A junior  enlisted Coast Guard member with less than 2 years of service makes  only $23,200 a year in base pay. That is below the poverty level. Coast  Guard members are currently being deployed overseas--they could be in a  combat zone--and these members are not receiving pay.   I hope our colleagues will take into consideration this issue with  our Coast Guard families. They are working hard to provide great care  for us throughout our country and overseas. When I think about the fact  that a Coast Guard member could be deployed overseas in an area that  has seen combat, an unstable region of the world, and that they are not  even receiving the childcare subsidy and support to make sure their  families are taken care of while they are gone taking care of us, that  is just wrong.   So I come here to join my colleagues who were here earlier today on  the floor giving examples of Americans throughout the United States who  are working hard for us. It is time we work to get them their paycheck  and continue to support them so they can support us.   I know my colleague from Connecticut is here and would like to speak  as well, and I thank him for allowing me to fit in this time to talk on  behalf of the Coast Guard families.   I hope the Commandant's letter can now be seen as an example of why  we need to act. We need to act to give these Coast Guard families their  pay and to make sure we are addressing the shutdown and reopening  government.   