 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Madam Chair, I thank Mr. Visclosky and his staff for their tireless  dedication to putting together such a comprehensive Defense  appropriations bill. The work the gentleman's committee does to ensure  our Armed Forces has the funding it needs keeps America safe. I am  grateful for his dedication to this important task.   I am pleased to offer my amendment that would increase funding for  life support systems on Ohio-class submarines. This program is  important for ensuring the Ohio class reaches its 42-year service life  extension.   Submarines are a critical component of our Nation's nuclear triad,  which ensures the United States has a constant deterrent against  nuclear strikes from nations that would do us harm. To keep this triad  strong, we must ensure that the Ohio-class submarines remain in  operation until the Columbia class can take their place.   Putting modern, low-pressure life support systems on our submarines  is an essential part of ensuring the longevity of this program.   I understand the chairman's concerns about the Navy's implementation  of submarine life support systems. When Congress appropriates money, it  must be spent efficiently and promptly. I believe this program should  be funded at the historic level of $11,968,000.   Madam Chair, I will offer to withdraw my amendment and work with the  chairman to ensure the Navy effectively manages this program and that  Congress provides robust support for it in future years.   I am asking the chairman if we will work together on this important  issue moving forward.    I yield to the gentleman from Indiana.    Madam Chairman, I thank the chairman,  and I withdraw my amendment.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment inadvertently  contains a numerical drafting error that would increase spending.  Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be modified with  the form that I have placed at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Madam Chair, I am pleased to offer my amendment that addresses an  important supply chain issue related to defense electronics.   Driven by environmental regulations outside the United States, the  worldwide $1 trillion commercial electronics industry converted to  lead-free components over 15 years ago. Despite this global transition,  the United States aerospace and defense electronics industry continues  to rely upon lead-based assembly technology because lead-based assembly  is considered structurally superior.   To ensure the reliability and performance of lead-free technology for  defense and aerospace electronics, additional research and development  are needed. Because the DOD electronics market is just a small fraction  of the broader electronics market, commercial industry needs Federal  leadership in this area.   As technological advances in civilian electronics continue to  incorporate lead-free technology, this problem will only become more  acute. As a result, the DOD cannot rapidly integrate state-of-the-art  lead-free components, including semiconductors, for cutting-edge  technologies like hypersonics, artificial intelligence, and robotics  that impact numerous DOD weapons systems.   This disconnect between the defense and commercial electronics  industries can no longer be ignored.   My amendment, which I am offering with my colleague Representative  Brad Schneider, emphasizes the importance of the DOD funding research  to increase the capacity of the defense industry to produce lead-free  electronics that meet the performance requirements of our Nation's  Armed Forces. This research will ensure that American manufacturers can  supply the men and women who keep us safe with modern, resilient  technology that meets their unique needs.   I look forward to working with the DOD and the Defense Appropriations  Subcommittee to ensure funding for the development of this program.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Visclosky).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of  my time.   