 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and  thank her for all the work she has done on the SHIELD Act.   As a former CIA officer and Pentagon official, as the wife of a 30- year Army officer and the stepmom of a current Army officer, I know  that when our country sees a threat, we have the responsibility to act  and to consider ways to protect our country.   I think we have all said it many times here today, no matter who you  are, what political party you are from, we can all agree that  foreigners have no role in our political process.   I am incredibly proud to be supporting the SHIELD Act. Certain  portions of it are modeled off legislation I have been working on since  I first started in Congress in January, the PAID AD Act, in particular.  It is the very basic idea that foreigners should not be able to buy an  ad for or against a candidate in an American political election. That  should be illegal, plain and simple.   Michigan was particularly targeted by these ads. They are divisive.  They are hateful. They are meant to split us apart and stoke fears in  our community. It is a classic in the playbook the Russians have used  in Eastern Europe, and now they are using it here in the United States.   The SHIELD Act closes these loopholes that currently allow foreign  entities to purchase campaign ads. I am thrilled to support it.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of this amendment  to the SHIELD Act, the digital citizenship and media literacy  amendment.   We have said it before. No matter who we are, Democrats, Republicans,  or Independents, we should all agree that we don't want foreigners  manipulating our citizens, sowing discord in our society, and playing  in our political process.   We know that foreign entities continue to target social media ads and  disinformation at voters, particularly in swing States like mine,  Michigan. These ads are horrible. They seek to divide us and influence  our political process.   The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released a bipartisan  report late last month and said that the public needs to be informed  and both understand and identify disinformation that is critical to  preventing foreign influence. This means our citizens, and especially  our kids, need to have the tools to spot this disinformation.   In this new age of digital warfare, we need education. Education is  critical. This study helps us get at this so that we can all understand  how to identify propaganda and flag it.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of an amendment to  the SHIELD Act, which takes a step toward solving a tough, complicated,  outstanding challenge in preventing foreign influence in our elections,  and that is closing loopholes that currently allow lobbyists of foreign  governments to contribute to U.S. campaigns.   Again, no matter who we are or what party we are from, we can all  agree that we don't want foreigners playing in our political process.   I am very proud that the SHIELD Act includes legislation--we have  discussed it earlier--that closes loopholes so that foreigners cannot  buy ads for or against a candidate in an American election. That idea  was very simple. Particularly on social media, this is important.   So why, then, if we are not letting foreign entities buy ads in our  political process is it okay that lobbyists for foreign governments are  able to contribute to candidates, campaigns, and otherwise influence  U.S. elections?   There is some work to be done on this. It is, admittedly,  complicated. But in order to properly close these loopholes, we need to  first understand what those loopholes are and how they impact foreign  entities' ability to influence our elections.   My amendment directs the Government Accountability Office to assess  [[Page H8435]]  existing law to identify loopholes in FARA, the Foreign Agents  Registration Act, and then recommend the right legislative fixes.   The SHIELD Act does a great deal to meet the threat of foreign  influence and interference with robust legislative responses. This  amendment will help us continue that work and get us closer to a  solution to an outstanding vulnerability in our system.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am just shocked because I have them  running, jumping up and down over there.   I continue to think that the gentleman from Illinois doesn't  understand that when he calls our bills wonky and our amendments wonky,  we are deeply proud of that over here. I am thrilled that he is  supportive.   There actually is a bipartisan agreement on the need to reform FARA,  as reflected, I think, by Senator Grassley's bipartisan bill, very  similar language.   I am thrilled. I thank the gentleman for his support and for jumping  up and down, giving us a little energy.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   