 Madam Speaker, today I rise to tell the story of  one of my constituents, Yahey Obeid.   Mr. Obeid was born in Yemen and came to the United States when he was  8 years old. His childhood dream was to become a pilot, and he knew and  felt that in the United States, all things are possible and his dream  could come true.  [[Page H669]]    Mr. Obeid's dream did come true. He has been a Federal employee for  14 years, has two children, and a mortgage for his home in the Morris  Park neighborhood of the Bronx. He studied hard, got his pilot's  license, and is now an air traffic controller supervisor at John F.  Kennedy International Airport in New York City.   I spoke with Mr. Obeid today over the phone. He and air traffic  controllers like him across the country missed their first paycheck  this past week. He was telling me about how stressful his job is. Every  single day, air traffic controllers have thousands of people's lives in  their hands. With weather changes, flight delays, staffing  complexities, and a myriad of other issues, their days almost never go  exactly to plan. His job is to find solutions, analyze and adapt in  real time to keep people safe in one of the busiest airspaces in the  United States and the world.   It is terrifying to think that almost every single air traffic  controller in the United States is currently distracted at work because  they don't know when their next paycheck is coming.   Federal workers' jobs are stressful enough. The rise in New York  City's cost of living is stressful enough. The fact that Mr. Obeid's  family cannot be reunified due to fears over the Muslim ban is  stressful enough. His several-thousand-dollar-a-month Bronx mortgage is  stressful enough. The anti-immigrant sentiment of this administration  is stressful enough.   The truth of this shutdown is that it is actually not about a wall,  it is not about the border, and it is certainly not about the well- being of everyday Americans.   The truth is this shutdown is about the erosion of American democracy  and the subversion of our most basic governmental norms.   It is not normal to hold 800,000 workers' paychecks hostage. It is  not normal to shut down the government when we don't get what we want.  It is not normal for public servants to run away and hide from the  public that they serve. And it is certainly not normal to starve the  people we serve for a proposal that is wildly unpopular among the  American people.   Each and every Member of this body has a responsibility to this  Nation and to everyone in the United States of America, whether they  voted for us or not. This President shares in that responsibility as  well, which means he has a responsibility to my constituent, Mr. Obeid.   President Trump has a responsibility to all air traffic controllers,  FDA inspectors, TSA workers, and he has a responsibility to maintain  the basic functioning of the United States Government.   