 Mr. Speaker, we are standing here today  because the President has decided that a campaign promise is more  important than the safety and security of our Nation.   Earlier this month, the President stole funds from our brave  servicemembers to pay for a costly monument to waste. Instead of owning  up to the falsehood that Mexico would pay for his border wall, Trump  has chosen to degrade our national security.   The continuation of this fake emergency declaration poses a direct  threat to both our military families and America's national security.  It steals from soldiers who must now keep sending children to  overcrowded schools. It forces servicemembers to work on bases where  hazardous materials sit in unsafe facilities.   These Trump cuts sacrifice emergency and fire rescue facilities,  flight simulation facilities, roads, clinics, and dining halls, just to  name a few. This action will make training readiness and life harder  for America's families and hurts our national security.   But don't take my word for it; take the word of a recent Air Force  report that detailed the risk to our troops and national security at  home and abroad with the diversion of these previously appropriated  funds.   ``At Eielson Air Force Base in Alaska, a boiler failure at a facility  that provides all electrical power and steam heat for the base is  `imminent,''' the report says. ``With temperatures as low as 65 degrees  below zero, a failure would be devastating to facilities, and the  missions housed by them within hours. The base would be forced to  evacuate within hours and, once closed, would freeze and require  millions of dollars of repair to return to usable conditions.''   It does not sound like the border wall for a fake emergency is more  important than making sure we don't close an entire base in Alaska.   I will remind Members that this wall was rejected by a bipartisan  majority, and the fake national emergency was rejected by bipartisan  majorities, twice now, in the Republican Senate.   This is using the playbook of an authoritarian, jeopardizing our  military readiness to steal a wall after it could not be lawfully  secured. This is a dangerous precedent. I hope all of my Republican  colleagues join me in terminating this ``emergency'' declaration.   We all should agree that bypassing Congress and the Constitution and  starving the military of funding is not patriotism. It is everything  that true patriots fight against.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this resolution and send a message  to our troops that their safety and our Nation's military readiness  matter more than fulfilling a deceptive campaign promise.   