 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to join over 10 colleagues to  speak in opposition to the so-called Green New Deal.   Merriam-Webster defines a deal as ``a bargain'' or ``an agreement for  mutual advantage.'' By its name, you would think that Americans are  going to derive some benefit from it, but this couldn't be further from  the truth.   The truth is that this proposal is a raw deal for America, especially  our rural communities.   As many of you know, every month I give out a Squeal Award, which  draws attention to outrageous examples of wasteful and reckless  spending of taxpayer money.   With a $93 trillion--trillion with a ``t''--pricetag, which is  roughly $10 trillion more than the entire recorded spending of the U.S.  Government since 1789, this month's Squeal Award goes to the Green New  Deal, which, again, I think is kind of a raw deal.   Just think about that number--$93 trillion. To fund this radical  government takeover, every American family would have to pay about  $65,000 annually. Folks, that is more than most Iowa households bring  in in a year.   The ideas presented in the Green New Deal used to garner support only  from the furthest fringes of the political left--the furthest fringes.  Concepts like rebuilding every building in the country, outlawing  fossil fuels, and guaranteed jobs would never have made their way into  mainstream discourse just a few years ago. Now our Democratic  colleagues are trying to make them mainstream.   In fact, 100 of the 282 Democratic Members of the House and Senate  have signed on to support this plan. This is the creep of socialism  into America.   If you work in a part of the energy industry that has fallen out of  favor, your job has no place in the country. That is what is envisioned  by the Democrats.   The Green New Deal states that one of its goals is to meet ``100  percent of the power demand in the U.S. through clean, renewable, and  zero-emission energy sources.''   Don't get me wrong, folks--don't get me wrong--increasing our  reliance on renewables is a good goal and one that I support, but we  have to be realistic about our current energy capabilities and our  needs.  [[Page S1683]]    Private sector investment and innovation, coupled with government  support and incentives, have contributed to significant advances in  renewable energy.   I am proud to say that my home State of Iowa is one of the Nation's  leaders in renewable energy, with wind providing nearly 40 percent of  our electricity. That is more than any other State in the Nation. With  more wind coming online, coal went from producing 76 percent of our  electricity in 2008 to 45 percent of it in 2017.   I would note that this transition toward renewables happened largely  as a result of State policies and community engagement, not heavyhanded  government regulation.   Another one of the ``goals'' I find most interesting in this  unrealistic proposal is that of providing ``guaranteed jobs.'' What may  be lost on the Democrats is that the best guaranteed jobs program is  not housed in a government building; it is a strong economy like the  one we are living in right now--not one bogged down by job-killing  regulations and punitive tax breaks.    If you want proof of this, look no further than Iowa. Our  unemployment sits at a low 2.4 percent, and we have over 63,000 job  openings and about 40,000 folks looking for work. That is more job  openings than there are people actually looking for jobs.   Lastly, I would point out that as a part of this proposal, our  Democratic colleagues want to overhaul transportation systems in the  United States. If you live in places like New York City, you can walk  to a grocery store, but in rural communities like my hometown of Red  Oak, IA, it can take you 30 minutes to drive to a Walmart. I am not  talking about 30 minutes of driving to a Walmart in city traffic; I am  talking about 30 minutes of driving, probably not meeting any cars at  all on the road.   Everything from combines to tractors and to the trucks that transport  our grains to market would be impacted. The Green New Deal is  unrealistic and would unfairly impact rural communities across this  country.   Folks, we have a clear choice. We can continue to support rural  America and pro-growth economic policies that boost our economy and  create jobs or we can allow socialist fantasies like the Green New Deal  to creep in, take hold, bankrupt our Nation, and devastate our rural  communities.   I yield the floor to my colleague Senator Cornyn.    Mr. President, I will yield.   I do believe that climate change is real, and we have seen climate  change for centuries, Senator Schatz. So, for my colleague from Hawaii,  we have seen climate change; there is no doubt about that.   But what I am debating here today and what we are speaking on is  right here: $93 trillion, and we want to get rid of all fossil fuels  within 10 years, folks--10 years. We can't drive a combine. We can't  harvest our food. For heaven's sake, we have to be realistic.   My home State of Iowa has taken advantage of ingenuity and innovation  and developed a process where wind energy contributes 40 percent of our  electricity.   Now, with the new wind energy field that is being put in by  MidAmerican Energy in the western part of the State, where I am from,  in the next 2 to 3 years, 80 percent of our electricity will come from  wind energy, and it didn't take big government or socialism to put it  into place.   So thank you very much.   I yield the floor to Senator Cornyn.   