 Madam President, the State motto of Georgia is ``Wisdom,  Justice, and Moderation.'' Those three words aptly describe Senator  Johnny Isakson's more than four decades of service to the people of  Georgia and to our Nation.   He has indeed served with wisdom, justice, and moderation, setting an  example for all of us.   I would add to that description that Johnny is extraordinarily  effective and beloved on both sides of the aisle. His life of public  service is characterized not only by his extraordinary integrity,  intelligence, and statesmanship but also by his kindness to everyone.   As was mentioned several times at our luncheon honoring Johnny today,  if ever there were a poll held in the Senate to determine the most  popular Senator, he would win, hands down.   It has been such a pleasure and honor to serve with this remarkable  leader on issues ranging from supporting research and cures for rare  pediatric diseases to improving education. Johnny is always thoughtful,  informed, and determined to achieve a result to make a difference.   As a veteran himself, and as chairman of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee, Johnny has led the way in reforming veterans' healthcare to  make the VA more responsive to those who have served. What a wonderful  legacy to leave, to know that you have been responsible for improving  healthcare for those who have worn the uniform of our country.   Johnny, as we have heard today, has always sought common ground  rather than partisan advantage. I thought it was so telling, as I  listened to his farewell remarks today, that Johnny did not take the  time to list his own legislative accomplishments, even though they are  so impressive and so numerous.   Instead, he posed a challenge to us. He called on us to put aside the  petty bickering that has prevented progress in America. He called upon  us to work together. He reminded us that we achieve the best  legislation when we sit down and negotiate with one another, when we  listen with respect to each other. Those were his final words to us as  a U.S. Senator.   I have had so many wonderful experiences with Johnny, whether it was  working on legislation or having an informal dinner, but perhaps the  most memorable experience occurred this past June on a bipartisan codel  that Johnny led to France to commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-day.   It was a privilege to join him in honoring the American heroes who  began the liberation of Europe from Nazi tyranny.   Johnny, I thank you for your service but, most of all, for your  friendship. You have indeed set an example of civility and  bipartisanship that everyone who serves in this great institution  should emulate.   I wish you and your wonderful wife Dianne, whom I enjoy so much, all  the best, and I want to tell you that I will always miss your friendly  greeting, your big smile, and your even bigger heart.   Thank you for all you have done.   