 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss Senate bill, S.  659, the Biologic Patent Transparency Act. This bill would help  encourage competition in the prescription drug marketplace and begin to  put an end to the harmful patent strategies that block new drugs from  coming to market. I am pleased to be sponsoring this legislation with  my friend and colleague  [[Page S1753]]  from Virginia, Senator Tim Kaine, as well as with Senators Portman,  Shaheen, Braun, and Stabenow, all of whom have joined us as original  cosponsors.   Prescription drugs are vital to the health and well-being of  Americans, especially our Nation's seniors, 90 percent of whom take at  least one prescription drug in any given month. Developing these  medicines is a lengthy, expensive, and uncertain process. It often  takes more than a decade and can cost billions of dollars to bring a  new drug from the laboratory to the patient. Most drugs fail during the  clinical trials. If we want new medicines to reach consumers who need  them, the companies that invest in this research and development and  take the risks necessary must see a fair return on their investment.   To encourage such investments, Congress grants inventors limited  periods of patent protection during which their products are legally  shielded from competition. Rewarding these investments has proven to be  beneficial to many Americans. The past century could be termed the  ``Age of Miracle Drugs,'' with discoveries such as insulin and  penicillin, and treatments for cancer, heart disease, HIV, and other  serious medical conditions. Today, however, we might well define a  ``miracle drug'' as one that has not doubled in price since the last  refill.   Although our country leads the world in prescription drug innovation,  we also lead the world in drug spending. According to one estimate,  U.S. spending on prescription drugs will reach between $580 billion and  $610 billion by the year 2021. In 2017, Americans spent more than $330  billion on retail prescription drugs, and nearly one-quarter of  individuals surveyed reported difficulties paying for the cost of their  prescription medications.   How well I remember standing in the pharmacy line several months ago  behind a couple who were informed by the pharmacist that their copay  would be $111. The husband turned to his wife and said: ``Honey, we  just can't afford that.'' They then turned around, left their  prescription on the counter, and left the pharmacy. I asked the  pharmacist how often that happens, and he told me, ``Every day.'' That  is the kind of onerous burden too many Americans are facing, and it's  causing them to forgo fulfilling a prescription, to stretch out doses,  or simply to choose to buy the medicine and short themselves on food or  be late in paying their rent or mortgage.   Among the most expensive drugs on the market today are biologics.  These are incredibly promising drugs for the health and well-being of  many Americans. They have revolutionized treatment for many serious and  life-threatening conditions, from diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis to  cancer and multiple sclerosis.   Today, fewer than 2 percent of Americans use biologics, yet biologics  account for nearly 40 percent of total spending on prescription drugs.  Last year, the Senate Aging Committee, which I chair and which the  Presiding Officer is a member of, held a hearing to examine the price  increases for one of these groundbreaking treatments. HUMIRA, the  world's best-selling prescription drug, is a biologic that was first  approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis by the Food and Drug  Administration, the FDA, in 2002. In 2017, U.S. sales of this product  generated an astonishing $12.3 billion in revenue for the drug's  manufacturer.   Now, HUMIRA is truly a miracle drug for many patients. It is used to  treat a variety of conditions, ranging from rheumatoid arthritis to  Crohn's disease to ulcerative colitis and plaque psoriasis. So a wide  range of diseases and conditions are responsive to HUMIRA. According to  various reports, more than 200 patent applications have been filed for  HUMIRA, with nearly 90 percent of those filed after HUMIRA was first  approved by the FDA in 2002.   According to the manufacturer's CEO, more than 130 patents are  included in HUMIRA's patent portfolio today. Protections provided by  these patents can block competition and extend the drug's market  monopoly until the year 2034. Keep in mind that this is for a drug that  was first approved in 2002. We're talking about extending the patents  until 2034.   HUMIRA has increased in price yet again this year, and although  biosimilars have been approved by the FDA, patent litigation is blamed  for keeping these lower cost alternatives from reaching the market. And  HUMIRA is not the only biologic to be protected by such an extensive  portfolio of patents--what we call a ``patent thicket.''    Enabling the creation, approval, and marketing of competitive  biological products must be among our top priorities when we consider  ways to reduce the healthcare costs of Americans.   The Biologic Patent Transparency Act is an important step Congress  can take to shine light on the patent thickets that protect these  biologics and to stop some of the gaming that has prevented consumers  from accessing lower cost, FDA-approved products.   So what will our bill do? It has three major components. First, our  bill would require manufacturers to disclose to the FDA the web of  patents that protect their approved biologics from competition by  biosimilar manufacturers--a process that we already know works. It has  worked remarkably well for the small molecule drugs that are governed  by the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984. Although generics accounted for only  13 percent of U.S. prescriptions immediately before the Hatch-Waxman  Act was passed, today they make up 90 percent. These generics often  cost 70 to 90 percent less than the branded product. They have  significantly reduced costs and expanded access to necessary treatments  for Americans. According to one estimate, generics have saved consumers  more than $1.6 trillion in drug costs over the last decade.   Second, our bill would tackle the patent strategies that are  intentionally designed to block competition by limiting the  enforceability of late-filed patents against biosimilar manufacturers  that have already filed applications with the FDA.   According to one estimate, over 70 of the patents covering HUMIRA  were applied for and granted within three years prior to the expiration  of the initial patents.   So here's what is happening. A manufacturer of a wildly successful  drug sees that its patents are about to expire and that a competitor--a  biosimilar manufacturer--is on the way to getting approval by the FDA  for its product. So what that original brand manufacturer does is make  small alterations, frequently, in the product. It doesn't change the  product in a dramatic way. It doesn't come up with a brand new  medicine, but it changes it ever so slightly or decides to patent an  aspect of it that was not previously patented. The whole purpose is to  prevent that biosimilar manufacturer from bringing to market a more  affordable product that consumers could access. That is just wrong.  That is not what patents are intended for. And as I made clear earlier  in my statement, I support a limited period of exclusivity for the  innovator manufacturer. I think we should reward that investment in  research and development and clinical trials, which is often very  expensive. But it is not right for the patent system to be gamed this  way, for it to be exploited and for last-minute patents to be filed for  the sole purpose of precluding a competitor from coming to market with  a less expensive, equivalent drug.   Restricting the enforcement of these late-filed patents that are  filed after the application by the biosimilar manufacturer has been  filed with the FDA will still protect the important investments made by  the manufacturers, while encouraging the biosimilar manufacturers to  bring important innovations to consumers sooner and at a lower cost.   Finally, the third part of our bill would require the FDA to  regularly publish specific information related to approved biologic  products, making it easier for prospective competitors to evaluate and  plan for the development and introduction of biosimilars.   In addition to the name and patent information for all approved  biological products, our bill would require the FDA to publish  information including the drug's marketing status, applicable reference  products, periods of exclusivity, biosimilar or interchangeable  products, and approved indications for usage. The FDA will be required  to regularly update this information as well, so that it is readily  available and up-to-date. So what this will do is allow  [[Page S1754]]  the biosimilar manufacturer to go to what is known as the ``Purple  Book'' at the FDA, take a look at the drug it wishes to compete with,  and learn what existing patents are there, how long they are going to  be in effect, and plan accordingly.   America's system of protecting innovation has provided our citizens  with tremendous benefits, especially in the area of pharmaceuticals. Of  that there can be no doubt. We must provide pharmaceutical  manufacturers with the ability to recoup their investments, but at the  same time, we cannot be blind to the costs of these drugs, nor to cases  where patent laws are manipulated to preserve monopolies and prevent  lower cost, equivalent drugs from coming to market. Passing the  Biologic Patent Transparency Act is a major step we can take to put a  stop to the patent-gaming that blocks consumers from accessing lower  cost drugs. I encourage my colleagues to support this crucial  legislation.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   Seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   