 Mr. President, today we have an economy that is booming.  Unemployment is at its lowest in Iowa since 2000, and wages are up.   In the first quarter of this year, we saw 3.2 percent GDP growth,  which far exceeded expectations, but we know economic statistics alone  don't completely tell the story of the health or wealth of a community.   More than 52 million Americans, including approximately 90,000  Iowans, live in economically distressed communities. Some have dubbed  these communities as ``left behind'' due to low incomes, their high  housing vacancies, people out of work, and not a lot of hope for the  future. For too long, so many of these communities were limited not  because of lack of ingenuity but simply by a lack of access to  opportunity. Folks across Iowa have felt the door to a better job or a  higher wage was closed to them.   The Governor of Iowa, Kim Reynolds, has been doing a tremendous job  working to help these areas through both economic development and  workforce development efforts. Programs like Future Ready Iowa help  folks learn the skills they need to prepare for rewarding careers and  the jobs of tomorrow.   Places like Dubuque, through its Development Corporation and Chamber  of Commerce, are working day in and day out to improve the local  economy, spur on investment, and get workers trained and back on their  feet. They also recognize the challenges unique to the city and its  people, like childcare access and housing.   At the Federal level, we also took concrete steps in late 2017 to  recognize the specific needs of these communities. Senator Tim Scott's  wonderful initiative, Investing in Opportunity Act, was included in the  tax reform package and created what we now know as the Opportunity  Zones Program. I thank Senator Tim Scott for working so hard on this  opportunity for millions of Americans. They are seeing the benefits.  Thank you, Senator, very much.   The Opportunity Zones Program is tremendous. This program  incentivizes long-term investment in these low-income and distressed  communities by allowing private capital to be used to support small  businesses, encourage our entrepreneurs, and to develop dilapidated  properties in ZIP Codes most in need of resurgence.   From the heart of Des Moines to rural areas around my State of Iowa,  opportunity zones are beginning to unleash the economic potential of  Iowa's communities.   Nearly a year ago, the Treasury Department approved 62 opportunity  zones in Iowa, which include the communities of more than 200,000  Iowans.   Last summer, as part of his opportunity zone tour, Senator Scott  joined me in visiting two of these Iowa organizations located in one of  the opportunity zones. He had talked about these briefly. One was the  Des Moines Dream Center, and the other was the Phenix School Apartments  in West Des Moines. Since becoming eligible for private investment, the  Des Moines Dream Center has been able to carry out their mission of  working to restore hope and helping Iowans to pursue their dreams.   Today I am proud to say that with the passage of the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act, we are working for Iowa families and communities to help them  turn a page and to change the rhetoric from ``left behind'' to ``moving  ahead.''   One of the best parts of the Opportunity Zones Programs is that it is  powered by the people on the ground, not by bureaucrats right here in  Washington, DC. That is a very good thing. The 62 designated  opportunity zones were nominated by their mayors and Governors because  folks back home in Iowa know where help is needed the most.   As a result of the Opportunity Zones Program, we are seeing greater  investment in Iowa's small businesses and entrepreneurs, more  educational programs for our children, and affordable housing for our  families.   Opportunity zones can help power a renaissance in communities across  Iowa and reopen doors families once thought were closed. The potential  is truly amazing, and I firmly believe this is only the beginning.   I thank my colleagues for coming to the floor today. I thank Senator  Scott for his wonderful innovation. We look forward to seeing many more  wonderful years of opportunity presented to the Americans who need it  the most.   With that, I yield the floor.   