 HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman- designate Price for recognizing me so that I can express my support for  this legislation and discuss my grave concern about how the government  shutdown is affecting my congressional district and the Nation.   Simply put, this shutdown is an issue of national security and  safety. Many of the approximately 16,000 Federal Government employees  and contractors who live in my district are adversely affected by the  government's closure.   Specifically, the FAA's Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center is one of  the 10 largest employers in Oklahoma, with more than 5,000 employees  and contractors, and up to 2,000 students who attend the air traffic  controller and aviation training school.   The Monroney Center is not only important to Oklahoma City, but it is  a critical piece of our Nation's infrastructure, which supports more  than 45,000 air traffic control centers worldwide.   Today, more than 1,000 employees have been furloughed and another 600  are working without pay. Additionally, all of the air traffic  controller and aviation students have been sent home.   To put this in context, the Monroney Center is the only one of its  kind in the entire United States, but today the doors are shuttered and  all training has ceased. The longer the shutdown continues, the longer  it will take for training to resume.   To make matters worse, the Monroney Center still hasn't recovered  from the 2013 sequester, and currently the FAA is at a 30-year air  traffic controller staffing low.   Yesterday, I met with an air traffic controller from Oklahoma who  expressed his concerns about the immense stress and strain for  controllers that the choked-off pipeline is causing. This is both an  economic and domestic national security issue, and I am very concerned  that the government shutdown may affect the safety and security of our  Nation's air travelers.   My constituents sent me to Washington to work hard on their behalf,  and I am proud to have voted for several measures to reopen the  government since I was sworn in last week.   It is time to get the government back on track. It is time we use  common sense, roll up our sleeves, and do the job that we were sent  here to do.   There is a time and a place to debate border security, which is a  complex problem that I firmly believe must be addressed.    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Speaker, however, we should never  risk the air safety and security of this country. The health and future  of the Nation's aeronautical infrastructure should not be a pawn in a  political game.   Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation to fund the Department of  Transportation, and I urge my colleagues to join me.   