 I thank Senator Murkowski and Senator Cardin for their  leadership today in organizing this floor colloquy, and I thank the  Presiding Officer.   I want to join my colleagues in expressing how urgent it is that we  not only secure our borders but that we open our government. We really  do have to come together. We have two sides of the aisle here, our  Democrat and Republican friends. Certainly we can come to a solution.  We have to figure out a path forward, folks, and I am glad we are here  to do that.   We have a duty to provide for our Nation's security, and it is also  our job to fund the government. We just voted on a sensible and smart  proposal offered by the President that every Democrat and Republican  should have supported, but, unfortunately, it was rejected today.   Back home, hard-working Iowans and, of course, Americans all across  the country are tired of government shutdowns, and they are  disappointed in the dysfunction of Washington, DC. The impacts of this  government shutdown are tangible for families. They feel it. People are  hurting all across this Nation.   Most families don't have a rainy day fund. Money lasts only so long  when you have zero income. Prolonged periods without a paycheck are  unsustainable.   I have a friend who works for Federal law enforcement. Fortunately,  he is up in seniority, but he told me the other day: Joni, our young  Federal workers--they just can't make ends meet.   Children don't stop growing; people don't stop getting sick; and the  obligations of caring for families don't stop just because we have.  Washington has stopped working, folks. We have to get it together.   I have heard from businesses on the brink of collapse. I have heard  from first-time home buyers who are trapped in limbo right now, and  there are serious consequences that I have heard about from our farmers  who work every day with the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the USDA.  Our food banks, churches, and other charities, which spend their time  and resources helping families and communities through these tough  times, helping furloughed workers and those who are in need, are  running out of resources. They are running out of time. It can last  only so long.   We need our DOJ working to stop crime and violence. We need our vital  government Agencies back up and running. We can do that. I support a  stronger border, and I support the President's sensible proposal, which  does include a barrier, manpower, ports of entry, technology, and  infrastructure. I think it is necessary that these investments be part  of an overall deal. Our lack of border security has resulted in a  humanitarian crisis at the border. We have tens of thousands of illegal  and inadmissible immigrants on our southern border every month.   I agree with President Trump and many of my colleagues that securing  our southern border is a must-do to discourage illegal immigration,  curb human trafficking, stop drugs, stop gun trafficking, in addition  to stopping the ability of gangs and terrorists to exploit the holes in  our system.   The American people expect us to do better. We have an opportunity to  step up and do the right thing, and that is to find a solution. We have  to do it by working together.   I again thank all of my colleagues for coming together today on the  floor. Senator Cardin, Senator Murkowski, thank you for organizing the  effort. Hopefully, we will come to a solution.   Folks, the Nation is watching us. We can do better.   I yield the floor.   