 Madam President, the entire Senate Democratic caucus and  I are introducing a resolution that simply asks the Department of  Justice to do what it is supposed to do--defend the duly enacted laws  of this country.   This resolution shouldn't be necessary, but last year, as 19 States  joined Texas in challenging the constitutionality of the Affordable  Care Act, Attorney General Jeff Sessions refused to defend the ACA in  court and, in fact, filed a brief arguing that several vital  protections of the law should be ruled unconstitutional, including  protections for Americans living with preexisting conditions.   In making his decision not to defend a duly enacted law, Jeff  Sessions himself acknowledged that he was going against a  ``longstanding tradition of defending the constitutionality of duly  enacted statutes if reasonable arguments can be made in their  defense.''   Guess what. There are many reasonable arguments for the ACA. Even  conservative lawyers who previously argued against the ACA agree. One  attorney filed an amicus brief in opposition to the Department of  Justice's position calling it ``dangerous,'' ``beyond the pale,'' and  ``effectively [usurping] legislative power.''   The Justice Department lawyer who authored the brief opposing the  ACA, Chad Readler, was just rewarded with a confirmation to a lifetime  position to the Sixth Circuit. In fact, Mr. Readler's circuit court  nomination came on the exact same day that he filed the brief on behalf  of the Department of Justice. Talk about yet another Trump nominee who  auditioned for his position.   The Justice Department's actions were blatantly political and had a  specific outcome in mind: accomplishing through the courts what  Republicans have tried and failed to achieve through the legislative  process; that is, repealing the Affordable Care Act.   Three career attorneys at the Department of Justice withdrew from the  case in protest of their Department's failing to defend the ACA.   In December, a Federal court in Texas sided with the Trump  administration, Texas, and 19 other States in declaring the entirety of  the ACA unconstitutional. Of course, this will be appealed.   The Fifth Circuit--one of the most conservative appellate courts in  the country--will hear the case next. The case is destined for  consideration by the Supreme Court, wherein Trump-appointed Justices  Gorsuch and Kavanaugh will cast two deciding votes on whether to uphold  the ACA or cast it aside. I shudder to think which way they are likely  to go.   The outcome of this case will have a profound impact on virtually  every American, especially the 133 million people living with  preexisting conditions.   This is not a game. Lives are at stake. Without the ACA's  protections, millions of Americans living with conditions as common as  diabetes, obesity, heart disease, or cancer could be charged exorbitant  premiums or denied insurance coverage altogether.   The stakes in this ongoing court battle are incredibly high. Our  resolution simply asks the Department of Justice to do its job, defend  the ACA as a duly enacted act of Congress, and stand up to protect  Americans living with preexisting conditions.   Although many of my Republican colleagues profess to support  protections for those with preexisting conditions, not a single one of  them has signed on to support this resolution.   Under new leadership, the Department of Justice can do the right  thing. During his confirmation hearing, newly confirmed Attorney  General Bill Barr indicated he was open to reassessing DOJ's decision  to oppose the ACA in court. We shall see.   With this resolution, my Democratic colleagues and I urge him to  reexamine the Department's position, consider the monumental impact  this case would have on millions of Americans, and stand up for the 133  million Americans living with a preexisting condition.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee  be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 94 and the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I often say that I like to see when  people reveal themselves.   With this objection today, my colleague from Wyoming has sent a clear  message to Americans living with preexisting conditions that the  Republican Party doesn't care about them. I am disappointed with his  objection, but I can't say that I am surprised. Today's  [[Page S1778]]  action is very consistent with the Republican Party's hostility to the  ACA and their belief that healthcare is a privilege reserved only for  those who can afford it.   To recap, Republicans voted dozens of times over the past 9 years to  repeal the ACA in its entirety. The Senate came within one vote in July  2017 of repealing the law--one vote.   The majority leader and my Republican colleagues from South Carolina  and Louisiana proposed--and came close to passing--a bill that would  have gutted the ACA and cut hundreds of billions of dollars from  Medicaid.   As part of their huge tax cut for the rich and corporations, Donald  Trump and congressional Republicans eliminated the individual coverage  requirement of ACA, driving up premiums across the country.   So the assault on healthcare continues. The American people are  paying attention, and Republicans will be held accountable.   I yield the floor.    Madam President.    Reserving the right to object, this resolution is a  cynical attempt to divide Democrats where no division exists. The  Democratic Party is united behind the principle that healthcare should  be affordable and accessible to all. As far as I am concerned,  healthcare is a right, not a privilege reserved for those who can  afford it.   Medicare for All is one way to get to universal healthcare that is  affordable for everyone, but it is not the only way. While Democrats  are working to build on the success of the Affordable Care Act to cover  even more Americans, Senate Republicans have tried time and again to  eliminate coverage for tens of millions of Americans. This is  particularly evident in the President's budget--a budget that would  make over $2 trillion in cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, programs that  provide healthcare coverage to one out of every three people in our  country.   I call on my Republican colleagues to join us to improve the ACA and  expand coverage to more Americans rather than trying to repeal the  Affordable Care Act time after time.   It is unfortunate that my colleagues would rather offer this  distraction than acknowledge that millions of Americans rely on  Medicare, Medicaid, and the ACA for healthcare. In offering this  resolution, Republicans continue to do nothing except propose cuts to  all three critical programs.   I object.    Madam President.    Very briefly, I simply want to ask my Republican  colleagues whether they believe that healthcare should be accessible  and affordable for all. Apparently, they do not, because they have  offered absolutely nothing to make sure healthcare is accessible and  affordable for all.   In fact, in their continuing efforts to sabotage the Affordable Care  Act and, in fact, eliminate the Affordable Care Act, they would rather  have a healthcare system where millions of Americans are without  healthcare at all.   I yield the floor.   