 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking  member managing this bill, and I thank Mr. Kennedy for his insight.   We are reminded that we have nothing to fear but fear itself.  Franklin Delano Roosevelt offered those great words on the precipice of  World War II, the victory with the United States troops standing side  by side, some of them African Americans who lived and served in the  uniform but in a segregated way. But their blood was the same, and they  shared their blood in the same way; they died in the same way.   Do we want victory or defeat?   Let me be very clear. Allowing transgenders to serve and brushing  them out is a travesty.   Do you realize that it is clear that the RAND report found that  healthcare coverage for transgender military personnel would increase  the military total account by less than zero?   In addition, when all of this was banned by the Obama administration,  we recognized it is honored, the sacrifices of selfless transgender  servicemembers who have endured exclusion, silence, and persecution due  to discriminatory policies and attitudes against LGBT and military  personnel such as Don't Ask, Don't Tell, which was rightfully struck  down under the Obama administration.   We must be against these destructive practices.   Do we want victory or defeat?   There is nothing to fear but fear itself.   Support this resolution to stand with those who want to serve and die  for their country.   I rise in support of H. Res. 124.   Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, July 26, 2017, the fears of the LGBTQ  community were confirmed.   In an unexpected move that immediately sent shockwaves through the  media and LGBTQ+ community, the President tweeted Wednesday morning  that ``the United States Government will not accept or allow  Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S.  Military.''   Scores of individuals, civil rights groups, and military personnel on  all sides of the political spectrum unanimously condemned the  President's announcement as an intolerant and irrational violation of  the sacred right of Transgender Americans to valiantly serve their  country.   In his tweets, the President claimed that ``our military . . . cannot  be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that  transgender in the military would entail.''   This statement directly contradicts the wealth of rigorous evidence  indicating the exact opposite:   According to a 2016 study by the RAND Corporation, allowing  transgender individuals to serve openly in the military poses ``little  to no impact on unit cohesion, operational effectiveness, or  readiness.''   Furthermore, RAND found that health care coverage for transgender  military personnel would increase the U.S. military's total annual  health care expenditures by a mere 0.04 to 0.13-percent.   The President's illogical ban on transgender military personnel  reverses a previous policy set forth by Former Defense Secretary Ash  Carter in June, 2016 that allowed transgender troops to serve openly.   This policy under Obama was a significant step forward that made our  armed services more inclusive.   It honored the sacrifices of selfless transgender service members who  have endured exclusion, silence, and persecution due to discriminatory  policies and attitudes against LGBTQ+ military personnel such as  ``Don't Ask, Don't Tell,'' which was rightfully struck down under the  Obama administration.   Numerous advocacy groups that focus on LGBTQ+ service members and  veterans organizations have decried the President's transgender ban  announcement and criticized the hypocrisy and poor leadership of the  White House.   Officials at OutServe, which provides legal assistance to LGBTQ+  troops and recruits, said Trump's ``pseudo-policy-by-twitter''  demonstrated ``blatant disregard for transgender service members.''   The group then turned the President's hateful rhetoric back on  itself: ``The disruptive burden to the military comes from indecision  in a White House which itself is not focused on victory if it's  targeting service members.   The readiness, effectiveness, and lethality of the Armed Services  comes from the commitment of our troops--not the vagaries and bigotry  of exclusionary policies.''   The Palm Center, an advocacy group for transgender service members,  denounced the President's comments as ``creating a worse version of  don't ask, don't tell'' policy.   Vote Vets, an organization dedicated to opening U.S. military  services to diverse Americans, correctly assessed that ``removing  [transgender service members] weakens our country and our military.''   There are approximately 15,000 transgender service members currently  serving in the U.S. military.   The President's announcement offers no clarity on the status of these  troops who continue to serve their country with honor, dignity, and  excellence.   However, if the President's expression of intent to ``not accept or  allow Transgender individuals to serve'' entails the removal of these  service members from the ranks of the U.S. military--this can only be  understood as a direct violation of the rights and principles laid down  in the Constitution.   Angela Davis once said, ``If they come for me in the morning, they  will come for you in the night.''   Americans of all races, ethnicities, origins, sexual preferences, and  gender identities must realize that the reverse is also true: If the  President comes for them in the morning, he will come for me in the  night.   To the brave transgender individuals who have served, currently  serve, or dream of serving in the military: I recognize your commitment  to protecting this nation with your very lives.   I oppose the President's unlawful agenda of discrimination. I will  not stop until your sacrifices are regarded as equal under the law of  the United States.   To all members of the transgender community: I stand with you. I am  fighting for you. I will not allow your rights to be stripped away by  bigoted men who have lost sight of what it means to be American. That  is why I support H. Res. 124.   