 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment simply removes $1 million from  the Administration for Children and Families programs account, but it  replaces it back in the very same account. My intent in doing this is  to highlight an issue for my colleagues and for the Department of  Health and Human Services.   Before I go into detail on this, I want everyone to know that I was  one of the early participants in the Head Start program as an assistant  teacher. I was there when Head Start was first developed under the  Federal poverty program.   I love Head Start. I understand it very thoroughly, and I wish that  every child that needed the advantages of this program could have it  and benefit from it.   In California alone, the Head Start program serves over 100,000  children. Nationwide, more than 1 million children and families across  the country rely on its essential services.   However, children and families can't receive the care and valuable  benefits of Head Start if we aren't strategic in determining the  organizations and communities that receive aid.   When Federal auditors determine whether a Head Start program must  recompete for funding, they compare the metrics of a program against  national averages. However, a successful program operating within an  urban community must be defined differently than one operating in the  suburbs or a rural community. Comparing providers to national averages  disadvantages those with fewer resources and more obstacles to success.   In my own district, the 43rd Congressional District of California,  there have been six Head Start organizations that serve predominantly  minority communities that have lost their funding in  [[Page H4538]]  favor of organizations operating in more affluent areas.   I fear these closures in Los Angeles may be indicative of a  nationwide trend. There are also reports of Head Start programs serving  minority communities in Detroit, Michigan, and Little Rock, Arkansas,  that have been forced to recompete because they did not rank high  enough when compared to programs nationwide.   Instead of helping struggling programs improve, which would ensure  that families living in those communities still receive uninterrupted  Head Start services, this recompete process forces providers to divert  resources from programmatic priorities to administrative costs  associated with competing for Federal grant dollars. This only  compounds the difficulties faced by the Head Start provider.   The result of this process may be that affluent Head Start providers  are better able to navigate the bureaucratic system HHS has created  while those providers struggling to overcome obstacles, such as funding  deficiencies and higher teacher turnover rates, are shut down.   Further oversight is required. The Department of Health and Human  Services should comprehensively examine its Head Start selection and  evaluation process for any evidence that such processes are having a  disparate impact on either the minority communities that the programs  serve or on minority-operated Head Start programs.   HHS should submit a report to Congress no later than January 1 of  2020--and I am going to be working on that--on its findings and any  changes necessary to remedy the effects of such disparate impacts on  communities of color. We must do everything possible to ensure that all  children, not merely the ones who happened to live in affluent  communities near a well-funded Head Start provider, have access to the  support services they need.   Although I will be withdrawing this amendment, I strongly urge my  colleagues to support a comprehensive audit of the Head Start  application, evaluation, and recompete processes.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms.  DeLauro).    Mr. Chair, I would simply like to say that I think that  the processes that we are examining have unintended consequences that  we think we can straighten out.   I thank Congresswoman DeLauro for her support in taking a look at  this issue. We will be working together.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I withdraw the  amendment.   