 Madam Speaker, let me start by first of all thanking my  colleague, Mr. Castro, for yielding time, and Chairman Engel and  Ranking Member McCaul for their bipartisan leadership.   I am rising in support of a bipartisan resolution brought by myself  and Representative Scott Perry of Pennsylvania denouncing female  genital mutilation and cutting, known as FGM.   Every girl, no matter where she is born, has a right to be free of  violence, and FGM is a barbaric violation of girls' and women's human  rights. It is defined by the World Health Organization as any procedure  that involves partial or total removal of the external female genitalia  or other injury to the female genital organs for nonmedical reasons.   Madam Speaker, there is no developmental, religious, or health- related justification for this harmful practice. FGM poses immediate  risks to girls' health, including severe pain and bleeding, difficulty  in passing urine, infections, and even death due to hemorrhage or  shock.   The practice often leaves girls with long-term scars as well: post- traumatic stress disorder, chronic pain, HIV infection, cysts, abscess,  genital ulcers. I could go on.   Girls who have undergone FGM also face an increased risk of  complications affecting their menstrual cycles, sometimes resulting in  infertility. And as my colleagues pointed out, more than 200 million  women and girls living today around the world, including women right  here in the United States of America, have been cut.   And now here is a horrible statistic: UNICEF predicts that, if there  is no reduction in this practice within the next 30 years, the number  of girls being mutilated each year is going to grow from 3.6 million a  year to 6.6 million a year.   Madam Speaker, I want you to know that, with resources and advocacy,  we can stop this horrific practice. Just look at Jaha, a very, very  courageous young woman from Gambia who was a week old when she was  mutilated and forced into marriage at age 15. Now, she escaped that  marriage. She could easily have fallen into despair. Instead, she spoke  out because she never wanted her daughter or any other child to go  through the suffering of FGM. Because of her hard-fought efforts, FGM  is now banned in her home country.    Like Jaha, we must all do more. So, today, I am asking the United  States Congress to pass this bipartisan resolution denouncing female  genital mutilation, recognizing it as a violation of the human rights  of women and girls, affirming the importance of ending its practice for  the safety and security of women, calling upon the international  community to increase its efforts to accelerate the elimination, and  urging our State Department of the United States, in their gender  programming, to incorporate coordinated efforts to eliminate FGM.   Today, we are going to send a clear message that this practice must  stop; and the United States, as one of the largest donors in the global  health programs, can help end this cruel practice.   There are things that we can do, like allocating resources annually  to continue our efforts to eliminate FGM, codifying the U.S. strategies  to prevent and respond to gender-based violence; and we must--I want to  say this emphatically--we must restore funding to the U.N. Population  Fund, the world's largest program to end FGM, that works with 17  countries and more than 3 million survivors.   Madam Speaker, ending FGM will help millions of girls have a better  life. And when they have a better life, that means that their  communities will be more prosperous and more peaceful, because when  women succeed, the world succeeds.   It is imperative that we end female genital mutilation now. And I  thank my colleagues for joining me in support of this critical  resolution.   