 HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Smith  for yielding.   I rise today to speak about two amendments in this en bloc package  that are critical to the Nation's security and good governance.   The first is a bipartisan amendment that addresses the need for  oversight and accountability in our national security infrastructure.  This bipartisan amendment directs the IG to audit DOD departments and  agencies to determine if excess profit and cost escalation on sole- source contracts has taken place. This is important not only for our  bases and maintenance, but it impacts our Nation's readiness.   While we understand that contractors and suppliers need to make a  profit, that doesn't mean that our taxpayer dollars should go to fund  excess profits and escalations that are well outside of the norm.   This good governance is reasonable and helps us to ensure our  Nation's security while being good stewards of the taxpayer dollars.  [[Page H5655]]    The second amendment in this en bloc package addresses our Nation's  security in a different way: that of the air traffic controllers, who  pay into their retirement throughout their career until they are forced  to retire at the age of 56, many of whom are our Nation's veterans.   Right now, we are experiencing a severe shortage of air traffic  controllers across this Nation, and retired air traffic controllers are  some of the most qualified supervisors and trainers. However, under  current law, all FERS retirees either must work under 1.5 days per week  or full-time, otherwise, they lose their Federal retirement.   This amendment allows all retirees to simply retain their hard-earned  retirement dollars that they have paid in, so we can train the next  generation of air traffic controllers.    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, I offer amendments en bloc as the designee for Mr.  Smith of Washington.    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Dean).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Stanton).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Wild).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2  minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Schneider).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much  time is remaining on each side?    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2  minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Schrier).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my  colleagues to support the en bloc package, as well as the NDAA upon  final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, as the designee of the gentleman from Washington (Mr.  Smith), I offer amendments en bloc.    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Lynch).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to yield 2  minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. Horsford).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1  minute to the gentleman from Washington.    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues  to support the en bloc package, as well as the NDAA upon final passage,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, I offer amendments en bloc as the designee of the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Chair, I yield 8 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Rose).    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance  of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, I offer amendments en bloc as the designee of the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, I currently have no  speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, I encourage my  colleagues to support the en bloc package, as well as the NDAA upon  final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, I offer amendments en bloc as the designee of the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, I have no speakers, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chairwoman, I encourage my  colleagues to support the en bloc package, as well as the NDAA upon  final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, I rise to offer amendments en bloc No. 13 as the  designee of the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, I currently have no  speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chairwoman, I encourage my  colleagues to support the en bloc package, as well as the NDAA upon  final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, I rise to offer amendments en bloc No. 14 as the  designee of the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chairwoman, I currently have no  speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chairwoman, I encourage my  colleagues to support the en bloc package, as well as the NDAA upon  final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chair, pursuant to House  Resolution 476, I rise to offer amendments en bloc No. 15 as the  designee of the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith).    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chairwoman, I currently have no  speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chairwoman, I have no speakers,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Chairwoman, I encourage my  colleagues to support the en bloc package, as well as the NDAA upon  final passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.   