 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her  vigilance and her steadfast leadership in continuing to bring people  together across the aisle on issues of consequence to the American  people and always putting consumer protection at the center of that. I  also thank my colleague, Representative Huizenga, for his partnership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my resolution, which  highlights the important role that State securities regulators play in  strengthening the financial services industry.   The 2008 economic crisis devastated American families everywhere.  But, as we watched the unemployment skyrocket, home values plummet, and  credit disappear, it became clear that the impact of the crisis hit  harder for some. Black families that had only just begun to build  wealth through homeownership watched everything they had worked for  disappear.   And although the recovery has been similarly unequal, it is critical  to recognize those on the front lines protecting the investments of  working families and small businesses alike.   The North American Securities Administrators Association, NASAA,  comprised of securities administrators from all 50 States, are  champions for stronger investor protections and diligent oversight.    My home State of Massachusetts was the first to require the  registration of some securities, helping to lay the groundwork for  other State models that would serve as the foundation for future  Federal securities law.   As the world's oldest international investor protection organization,  NASAA has remained vigilant in its policing of securities trading,  securing over $486 million in restitution to victims of investment  fraud in 2017 alone.   NASAA's work with AARP helps protect seniors from the troubling  upward trends in elder financial abuse. Additionally, they continue to  work with medical professionals on ways to identify seniors at risk of  financial abuse.   NASAA's efforts to spread retirement best practices can help empower  families with the knowledge to invest wisely for generations to come.   My resolution recognizes 100 years of excellence in investor  protection and encourages continued cooperation between local, State,  and Federal regulators to ensure 100 more.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support my resolution.   