 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  Michigan.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the first 100 days of the  116th Congress. In this short amount of time, Madam Speaker, a lot has  surely happened.   At our swearing in, the Congress became the most diverse on record,  including 42 freshman women. And with one in five Members of Congress  being people of color, we have come a long way, baby.   As our Representatives in Congress begin to look more like the  communities we represent, our legislative priorities also more closely  reflect the will of the people.   Our citizens have sent a message loud and clear that Congress should  be giving a voice to our families on Main Street and not to the rich  and the wealthy on Wall Street. As a result, we have been focused on  passing groundbreaking legislation that protects our democracy, expands  our civil liberties, provides for a stronger national security, and  boosts our economy, all while staying true to our values.   Passage of H.R. 1, the For the People Act, is the largest, most  sweeping election reform and campaign finance reform bill to pass the  House in our Nation's history.   It also significantly protects access to the ballot box for every  American; it will shed light on the corrupting influence of dark money  in our campaign finance system; and, finally, it will return the voices  of working-class Americans to our democracy. And the best part:  election day would be a holiday.   We are upholding the promise of equal protection under the law for  our citizens. With the Equality Act, we are finally providing explicit  protections to the LGBTQ community, finally making them equal under the  eyes of the law.   We are keeping our promise to women as well. With the introduction of  the Paycheck Fairness Act, we are finally taking steps to close the  wage gap, where women in Texas still make only 79 cents for every  dollar a man makes, and 44 cents if you are Hispanic.   With the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act, we are upholding  our sacred duty to protect the millions of Texas women who experience  violence and domestic abuse every year.   Perhaps most importantly for my district, we have finally introduced  the Dream and Promise Act, which will provide protections for  immigrants who, in their hearts, are often as American as myself and  anyone else on this House floor.   These young men and women--about 113,100 in my district--whom we call  [[Page H3196]]  family, friends, and colleagues, will be able to continue working hard  in their communities and contributing to our economy--nearly $50  billion a year, by the way--without fear of being separated from their  families.   Unfortunately, during our 100 days, the Trump administration's top  priority has proven not to be for the people. The administration's  recent budget proposal included deep cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and  the SNAP assistance program, all of this to pay for the radical GOP tax  cuts which they have made on the backs of working people, veterans, and  seniors.   After the eventual passage of the bipartisan budget without funding  for a border wall, this administration decided to create a completely  avoidable but devastating government shutdown. The 26-day shutdown cost  families real money and opportunity, maybe more than 800,000 workers  without a paycheck during that time.   Since then, we have seen an illegal national emergency declaration  that seeks to take funding from vital national security needs to build  the President's border wall.   We are also now hearing threats of another shutdown, this time  shutting down the border completely. This is wrong and downright  reckless. Trade through our southern border accounts for $1.7 billion  per day and would hurt our Texas economy.   And, finally, the Trump administration is trying once again to take  our healthcare system, this time through the courts. This move could  leave up to 53 million non-elderly Americans with preexisting  conditions without access to healthcare--320,000 in my district. This  is cruel; it is immoral; and it is just plain wrong.    It should be clear that our work is not done.   I am proud to be a Member of the majority that will fight for the  people, defend our democracy, protect access to quality, affordable  healthcare, and do so with justice and decency.   Madam Speaker, we have accomplished so much in these first 100 days,  but we must make sure that the American people know that we are  resoundingly focused on real solutions that will actually keep our  border safe, help our businesses, and uphold our American values.   