 Madam Speaker, I applaud Chairwoman Lowey and the ranking  member, Ms. Granger, for bringing us to this point today.   I thank the Committee on Appropriations subcommittees being discussed  here now for advancing a conference agreement that provides critical  funding for Defense, Homeland Security, Commerce-Justice-Science, and  Financial Services.   H.R. 1158 and the Defense package address the priorities of  readiness, modernization, and reform, to deter our main adversaries of  Russia and China. Chairman Visclosky has crafted a careful compromise  that ensures our Nation regains the advantage in hypersonic weapons and  many other areas.   The Homeland Security portion of the bill also provides important  investments. It places safeguards on the Department of Homeland  Security to ensure its work is legal, safe, and in the national  interest. The safety of our homeland is increasingly threatened by bad  actors, both here at home and abroad, and this bill protects the 2020  election, a top national security priority.   The bill also provides funding for key issues at NASA, including for  aeronautics; for the regional economic development program; and for  harmful algal bloom research at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric  Administration.   Lastly, the bill provides investments in our Nation's credit unions  and community development financial institutions, and it makes critical  investments in election security grants to harden vulnerable election  infrastructure.   Funding the government and keeping the lights on used to be a norm.  Hopefully, we help restore that today. When the House passes this bill,  we will be restoring the American people's faith in our ability to get  the job done for our country.   Madam Speaker, again, I thank Chairwoman Lowey for her extraordinary  intelligence, leadership, and good demeanor that made this moment  possible.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me  this time. I thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger for  bringing these important measures to the floor.   The Energy and Water division of this bill makes critical investments  in energy and water systems to sustain life on Earth, to combat climate  change, to build public water infrastructure, and to invest in nuclear  security.   I sincerely thank our ranking member, Mr. Simpson, who has been a  truly constructive, able, and amiable partner in these efforts.    I thank our subcommittee staff, these young, gifted, patriotic  Americans who have worked so hard to put this bill together: Jaime  Shimek, Angie Giancarlo, Scott McKee, Farouk Ophaso, Mark Arnone, Mike  Brain, and Marcel Caldwell.   Our bill rejects the President's short-sighted proposed cuts that  would harm our Nation's interests for both today and tomorrow. Instead,  our bill invests in the future to meet serious national priorities.   Addressing the needs of the future both economically and  environmentally requires that our Nation be at the forefront of global  innovation. The Energy and Water division of this bill moves our Nation  forward on that vital front.   Further, American companies require advanced means to produce and  ship goods efficiently in a highly competitive and uneven global  marketplace. We seek to advantage them.   Finally, ensuring water and electricity for millions of Americans  seems fundamental, but there are weighty new challenges. We provide  additional support to meeting those priorities.   We achieve this by providing $7.65 billion for the Army Corps of  Engineers, $652 billion above 2019, likely our Nation's premier  infrastructure bill for 2020.   We provide $1.66 billion for the Bureau of Reclamation, $110 million  above 2019, for the desertification of Western States.   We provide $38.6 billion for the Department of Energy, $2.9 billion  above 2019. Within the DOE, Department of Energy, we responsibly fund  our Nation's nuclear deterrent while providing a significant boost for  vital nonproliferation efforts.   Our bill increases the Department of Energy's Energy Efficiency and  Renewable Energy program; ARPA-E, the advanced research programs; and  the Office of Science to sharpen America's edge to invent the future  and to ensure our Nation's energy leadership, security, and  independence for generations to come, as all of our research labs, both  public and private, across our country are being hacked constantly by  those that seek to steal our patents and our innovation.    In sum, the Energy and Water division of this bill  invests in innovative programs to yield future opportunities and jobs.   Our focus is on ensuring future economic prosperity. We underpin  national security, and we bolster economic security and trade.   Fundamentally, our work together prepares our country to mitigate,  adapt to, and intelligently manage the awesome challenges of climate  change, including the significant water events across our country,  including our Great Lakes region.   Our bill is needed more than ever to move America forward. We are  living in a pivotal era. I look forward to answering any questions that  individuals may have privately.   