 Mr. President, I want to thank my friend and colleague  from Maryland for his powerful words, as well as all of my colleagues  who are here for their leadership on this incredibly important issue.   Climate change is real. Carbon pollution is real. It is having a real  effect in my State of Michigan. We can and must take real action to do  something about it. It is not a time for playing political games.  Frankly, the stakes are just plain too high. We should be coming  together around a resolution that our entire Democratic caucus has put  together that simply says this: Climate change is real; climate change  is caused by humans; Congress must act on climate change. Let's start  there. We can't even get bipartisan support for this, which is so  basic. Let's start there and then take specific action.   I was very encouraged a few weeks ago when Chairwoman Murkowski and  Ranking Member Manchin on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  held a hearing on climate change. It was the first one since I have  been on the committee. It may be the first one ever to talk about the  incredibly disastrous impacts of what is happening in Alaska, as well  as around our country. We should be working together across the aisle  to solve this big problem and to come together with specific actions  after the hearing. I am looking forward to that.   Instead, the Republican leader is playing ``gotcha'' politics with an  issue that is hurting real people from Bristol Bay to the Missouri  River Basin to the Great Lakes. Frankly, it is insulting, and the  people who are having their livelihoods upended deserve better.   You don't have to spend much time in Michigan to see the effects,  unfortunately. The Great Lakes Basin has warmed more over the last 30  years than the rest of the contiguous United States. That is not a  position we want to be in.   Precipitation is up 11 percent since 1900. That means more flooding.  Flooding is worse. Between 2040 and 2060--which actually is not that  far away, particularly when we are looking at our children and  grandchildren--Northern Michigan and the Upper Peninsula could see 500  percent more 100-year floods.   Heat waves in Michigan have tripled compared to the long-term  average. It is estimated that by 2040 the dangerously hot days could  cause 760 people in the Detroit metro area alone to die each year when  they otherwise wouldn't. Rising energy demands will require more than  $6 billion in infrastructure improvements. Cold water fish species  could simply die off, threatening our $5 billion per year sport fishing  industry.   Agricultural productivity could fall to 1980 levels by 2050. Keep in  mind that by then, our planet's population will be double what it was  in 1980. If agricultural productivity is falling at that point, that  will be a disaster, not only for the United States and our people but  for around the world.   These changes are already hurting our people in Michigan and our  economy. Just talk to a cherry grower who has lost an entire crop  because of warm weather in February--which causes his trees to bloom  too early, and then the freeze comes and wipes out all the cherry  trees--or a family whose fishing and boating business is threatened by  invasive species and toxic algal blooms or the family who lost their  12-year-old son when flooding caused the basement of their home to  collapse.   Perhaps you are more motivated by the bottom line. If that is the  case, you should just talk to insurance company executives. Their  companies paid out a record $135 billion from natural disasters in 2017  alone. That is nearly three times as much as the historic annual  average. By the way, after we finish voting on this resolution that the  Republican leader is bringing up, we are going to be asked to vote on a  disaster package to help States and communities that have been impacted  by carbon pollution and climate change. We will only see more of that  if we don't take real action.   It is not time for words. It is time for action. It is time to focus  like a laser on reducing carbon pollution, reversing the damage that  has already been done and creating good jobs at home.   I am so pleased that Michigan right now is leading in green new jobs  in the Midwest. We need to ensure that the United States--not China--is  the global leader on advanced transportation technologies like electric  and hydrogen vehicles. We need to invest more in renewable energy and  the research that is making it more affordable all the time.   I realize my time is up. Let me just say, in closing, we can do  something about this. We have done this before. When we discovered acid  rain about 40 years ago, we put together a market-based program and  were able to fix that issue. CFCs, chemicals that break down into  chlorine and eat away at the ozone layer--today, that hole in the ozone  is closing because of actions we took together. Now is the time to take  real action on carbon pollution, agree to these basic principles, and  then move forward together on behalf of our children and grandchildren.   