 Mr. President, our Nation's economy is booming. Last  Friday's jobs report far exceeded anyone's expectations. It showed that  we added 263,000 jobs last month and that unemployment was sitting at  the lowest since 1969. At the backbone of it all are our small  businesses.   Just look at my home State of Iowa, where 99 percent of our  businesses are small businesses. With our State's  [[Page S2726]]  economy continuing to grow and our unemployment amongst the lowest in  the Nation, it is clear that our small businesses' success is Iowa's  success. These job creators in our State are leading the way by finding  innovative solutions and creating new opportunities for our workforce.  Too often, small businesses struggle to comply with some of the most  costly and burdensome regulations that come out of Washington, DC.   As a way to rein in these regulations and to foster a more thoughtful  rulemaking process, this week, I reintroduced my PROVE IT Act. This  bipartisan legislation gives the Small Business Administration's Office  of Advocacy an opportunity to ask Agencies to prove their regulatory  analyses when proposing a rule that may be economically harmful to  small businesses. It gives Iowa's small businesses a voice in the  rulemaking process.   One increasingly important component of our country's labor market is  women-owned small businesses. Iowa ranks in the top 10 for growth in  employment and revenues in women-owned businesses. However, these  businesses still face many challenges. That is why I recently  introduced the Expanding Contracting Opportunities for Small Businesses  Act, which addresses the discrepancy in sole-source manufacturing  contracts that puts women-owned small businesses at a disadvantage.  This bipartisan bill is a sensible and simple fix to help ensure all of  Iowa's small business owners get a fair shot at competing and  succeeding.   Commonsense deregulation, coupled with tax reform, has helped to fuel  economic growth and has contributed to high levels of consumer and  business confidence. Yet, folks, there is still a lot of work to be  done. While many of Iowa's small businesses would absolutely love to  provide their employees with the option of having paid parental leave,  it is just far too costly. That is one reason I am working with Senator  Mike Lee on a proposal that would allow new moms and dads who work at  one of these small businesses the opportunity to receive paid parental  leave.   As a member of the Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship  Committee, I am excited to celebrate National Small Business Week and  to continue fighting for pro-growth policies and a regulatory system  that encourages innovation and job growth--one in which Iowa's small  businesses are heard loud and clear. As I have said before, when Iowa's  small businesses are successful, Iowa also succeeds.   I yield the floor.   