 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   My amendment would support farmers and ranchers who employ  agricultural practices that help us meet the goals and ambitions of the  Paris Agreement.   In order to combat climate change, we are all going to have to work  together. Ours is a country that has already banded together to take on  the greatest challenges of our times, and this is no exception. This is  a time for the United States to not just partner, but to lead the world  in protecting this planet for our children and future generations.   Now, farmers and ranchers are on the front line of the climate  crisis, and they are stepping up. Droughts, fires,  [[Page H3415]]  and floods are threatening their safety and their livelihoods. My time  on the Agriculture Committee and time spent with growers in my district  have shown me that farmers are deeply invested in addressing our  climate and are eager to be part of the solution.   Farmers are already expanding no-till practices, rotating crops, and  planting cover crops to sequester carbon, fix nitrogen and other soil  nutrients, and reduce erosion. With that healthier soil packed with  organic matter, they are decreasing their reliance on fossil fuel-based  fertilizers, increasing yields, saving water, and reducing greenhouse  gas emissions.   We must recognize and celebrate the contributions of our farmers who  engage in sustainable ag practices. My amendment would support this  agricultural ingenuity and creativity and prevent this administration  from standing in the way of farmers and ranchers who are fighting  climate change.   The climate crisis is an urgent matter, and there isn't one silver  bullet. Let's recognize that the solution will require something from  all of us and support our farmers who can make a tremendous dent in  CO2 emissions.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Engel).    Mr. Chairman, I would just like to reiterate that it is  so important that we all step up.   When I hear my colleagues talking about jobs, needing to do other  things, waiting, this is too advanced. It is frustrating to see that 2  years passed and we saw absolutely no legislation to protect our  climate. Kicking the can down the road further just puts our future in  peril, along with the future of our children.   So I would ask for that step of faith that we will protect jobs. I am  happy to say that H.R. 9 specifically notes that, in addressing our  changing climate, this will create jobs, clean energy jobs, and you can  rest assured that our economy will flourish with addressing our  climate.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   