 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  House Resolution 326. This resolution expresses this chamber's strong  support for the longstanding belief that a two-state solution to the  Israel-Palestine conflict is the best option to ensure Palestinian  autonomy and Israel's survival as a Jewish democratic state.   During my time in this chamber, I have been a firm supporter of a  negotiated two-state solution between Israel and Palestine. While I  believe both parties will have to make difficult decisions to ensure a  long-lasting peace, I believe it can be done in a way that ensures that  [[Page H9307]]  the human rights of Palestinians are respected while also securing the  safety of our closest ally in the region.   This administration's capitulation to Benjamin Netanyahu and his  allies on the extreme right in Israeli domestic politics has severely  damaged the ability of the United States to be considered a fair  neutral party in this conflict. It has made Israel less safe in the  long term and has only driven Palestinians into the arms of bad actors  in the region like Hamas.   In May 2018, this administration chose to abandon our European allies  by announcing the withdrawal of the United States from the Joint  Comprehensive Plan of Action, commonly known as the Iran Nuclear Deal.  Shortly thereafter, the Administration relocated the United States  Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem while subsequently eliminating the  Consulate General office in Jerusalem, which served as a key diplomatic  line to the Palestinian Authority.   Additionally, this administration has stripped funding from the  United Nations Relief and Work Agency. This agency has worked  tirelessly to help Palestinian refugees in Gaza, the West Bank, Syria,  Lebanon, and Jordan, by providing food, housing, education, and other  necessities. Eliminating these funds jeopardizes the ability of the  UNRWA to help these individuals live as normal a life as possible. It  also threatens the security of the Israeli people by ensuring more of  these people turn to terrorist organizations like Hamas when their  basic needs fail to be met.   Last month, Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo, announced that Israeli  settlements in the occupied West Bank did not violate international  law. This drastic change in policy on the issue of Israeli settlements  essentially gives the green light to the Israeli government to  unilaterally annex portions of this region. Any form of annexation  would essentially kill the idea of a two-state solution.   Mr. Speaker, we are voting on this resolution today to show the  international community that regardless of this administration's  reckless actions, the United States can play a constructive role in  resolving this conflict that has lasted for more than 70 years. I urge  all my colleagues to swiftly pass this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4, the  Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2019. This bill restores the full  strength of the Voting Rights Act, after a 2013 Supreme Court Decision  gutted the Act. The result was a flood of voter suppression laws  throughout the country.   The possibility of restoring a democratic process that has stifled  the black and brown vote in the U.S. deserves our support. We must  never allow our constitutional rights to be diminished or even  eliminated.   In 2013, the Supreme Court decision, Shelby County v. Holder, struck  down the existing formula that determined which states and political  subdivisions were required to seek federal pre-approval for their  voting-related changes. This was to ensure they did not discriminate  against minority voters. The Supreme Court put the onus on Congress to  enact a new formula, which resulted in States and political  subdivisions not being required to seek preclearance unless ordered by  a federal court.   H.R. 4 restores the Section 5 preclearance process by including a new  formula for coverage that ensures that only States and jurisdictions  with a recent history of discrimination or use of voter suppression  practices would be subject to review before implementing new voting  laws or procedures.   H.R. 4 protects the sacred rights of minority voters and helps  identity discriminatory voting practices. Congress must protect our  polls and support H.R. 4 to ensure the constitutional right to vote for  every citizen of the United States.   