 Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding.   I want to continue to work with the gentleman and the Appropriations  Committee's Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and  Drug Administration, and Related Agencies to fight the administration's  reprehensible attempts to increase hunger in our country, including  through USDA's proposed and harmful able-bodied adults without  dependents rule.   As the gentleman well knows, SNAP is a critical antihunger program  that helps many families struggling with food insecurity. What I find  so counterintuitive about this rule is that the most common reason for  seeking SNAP is because someone is losing a job, which is even more  critical for those who have barriers to employment or who are already  at the margins of the workforce.   As many experts have testified to Congress, the labor market  experience of SNAP participants, as it is for so many low-paid workers,  is highly unstable, and participants tend to cycle in and out of full- time employment.   This rule would cut food aid for between 755,000 and 821,000  individuals from red States, blue States, and purple States, and from  rural, urban, and suburban communities, without any regard to the  barriers they may face or the fact that they may live in areas or ZIP  Codes or Census tracts that lack jobs, or that companies are moving, or  other unanticipated egresses from the workforce.   No matter what people say, there are still pockets of high  unemployment rates well above the national average. This body must make  crystal clear that we support the vulnerable population of able-bodied  adults who are being targeted here and that increasing hunger does not  increase employability. It does not create new jobs in rural or other  areas with high unemployment. It doesn't remove barriers to employment.  It just simply increases hunger.   While there are so many good things in this package that will help to  attack hunger and food insecurity, I am deeply disappointed that we are  missing the opportunity to use Congress' title I power to block this  rule. Let's not go down as the did-nothing Congress when it comes to  something so common sense as providing food for the most vulnerable.   I am so concerned about this rule's impact on truly vulnerable  individuals. Let's not be fooled because we are calling them ``able- bodied.'' These folks have challenges that make finding work difficult.  This includes veterans, homeless people, children who have aged out of  foster care, and college students.   The vast majority of SNAP participants affected by this proposal live  in deep poverty, with 88 percent of households at or below 50 percent  of the poverty level.   Madam Chair, 1 in 10 are working, although less than an average of 20  hours a week. One study found that 75 percent participate in the  workforce. Of those who do work but sometimes do not, the majority  don't work due to their having lost a job or they couldn't get enough  hours. This rule would do nothing to address those issues.    Of those who are not in the labor force, 80 percent of them said that  it was due to health and disability. This rule would do nothing to  address those issues.   I am also concerned about the impact on States. Despite all the  wonderful claims of a strong economy, we continue to hear that all  boats are not lifted, which is why the existing flexibility to protect  people from hunger when jobs are simply not available in some areas is  so critical.   Almost every State has used this flexibility under the existing  waiver at some point, including some of the most conservative States.  If someone claims to support States' rights, that Governors and local  elected officials know best about what is going on in their States,  especially where we know economic conditions can vary from county to  county, city to city, even ZIP Code to ZIP Code, then you should be  opposed to this rule.   Punishing poor people will not help them get jobs.    Mr. Chair, I rise to thank the chairwoman and committee  for including my amendment to increase funding by $1 million for an  Indian Health Service program combatting domestic violence in Native  communities.   I know the chairwoman understands this issue very well. Protecting  women in Native communities was a big focus on the VAWA reauthorization  that passed this chamber earlier this year. I want to make sure we  provide the strong funding that will be needed to make those changes  reality and protect Native women. This is one program that does that.   The Indian Health Services Domestic Violence Prevention Program is a  small program but it's having a big impact. The DVPP was established in  2015 as a nationally-coordinated program that provides culturally  appropriate domestic violence and sexual assault prevention and  intervention resources to American Indian and Alaskan Native  communities with a focus on trauma informed services.   The vast majority of DVPP grants focus on domestic and sexual  violence prevention, advocacy, and coordinated community responses,  with some supporting forensic  [[Page H4959]]  healthcare services to victims of domestic and sexual violence.   I appreciate the effort made by the subcommittee in the bill to add  funding to bring funding for this program back to the FY 2017 funding  level. Thank you for recognizing the need and prioritizing a response.   But I think we must do better especially when you consider the  staggering need here.   The statistics (as incomplete as they may be) are frightening:  American Indians and Alaska Natives are 2.5 times more likely to  experience violent crimes and at least 2 times more likely to  experience rape or sexual assault crimes than people who are not  American Indians or Alaska Natives. More than 4 in 5 American Indian  and Alaska Native women, or 84.3 percent, have experienced violence in  their lifetime.   There are currently some 83 tribes, tribal organizations, Urban  Indian Organizations, and IHS federal facilities that receive funds  totaling nearly $12 million from this program. These include projects  in my city of Milwaukee as well as in Alaska, Nebraska, and Oregon,  among others.   I understand the constraints that the subcommittee faces. The needs  always outnumber the resources. But this is a pressing priority. This  additional funding will hopefully allow for more grantees serving more  tribal communities that can help begin to turn the tide.   I know the chairwoman has been a champion for Native American  communities and I thank her for her support of my amendment.   