 Madam Speaker, as chair of the Congressional Black Caucus,  along with my fellow CBC colleagues, I am pleased to join Congresswoman  Barbara Lee, Congressman  Bobby Scott, and Congresswoman Alma Adams for  this CBC Special Order hour. Tonight, my colleagues and I will take the  time to commemorate the 400th anniversary of the first enslaved  Africans arriving in the United States.   The transatlantic slave trade was the largest coerced migration of  human beings in the history of the world. An estimated 10 to 12 million  enslaved Africans were transported across the Atlantic Ocean between  the 16th and 19th centuries.   The brutality, murder, rape, disease, and starvation were so high  that some historians assess that around 15 to 25 percent of the  enslaved Africans died aboard slave ships.   Slavery in the United States officially lasted from 1619 to 1865, or  246 years. Enslaved Africans worked 10 or more hours a day, in  dangerous conditions, and also worked 18-hour days in peak cotton- picking and sugar harvest season.   The average lifespan of enslaved Africans who labored on sugar and  rice plantations was only 7 years. Violence on the plantations was  always a danger and threat to the lives of enslaved human beings.   Wealth from the enslaved Africans and their labor established global  capitalism and set the economic foundation for Europe, the Caribbean,  and the Americas.   According to the National Museum of African American History and  Culture, by 1860, 4 million enslaved people produced well over 60  percent of the Nation's wealth, and the slave trade valued them at $2.7  billion. The financial legacy of the slave trade contributed to the  creation of nation-states such as France, Spain, Portugal, the  Netherlands, Great Britain, South America, the Caribbean, as well as  the United States.   One of the contemporary myths that too many Americans believe is that  only the South gained from slavery. However, both the southern and  northern economies of the United States profited from slavery. For  example, in Manhattan, enslaved Black men accounted for one third of  the labor force by 1740.   During Reconstruction, former enslaved Africans made some progress:  The first Black Members of Congress were elected to the House and the  Senate. Nevertheless, Black Members of Congress were still not allowed  to eat in the same cafeteria as their White colleagues and were  segregated, overall, in the institution.   And this went on for many years. There was a period in which there  were  [[Page H7552]]  no African Americans in Congress at all because they were run out.   Black Codes adopted under Reconstruction in the South and some areas  of the North restricted freed Blacks from equal political rights,  access to quality education, and jobs. For example, the State of  Mississippi enacted a Black Code law to arrest free African Americans  who were unemployed and lacked permanent housing. They could be  arrested and bound out for a term of labor if unable to pay the fine,  which means they were just reenslaved, and they used the criminal  justice system to reenslave people.   When Reconstruction ended in 1877, the majority of African Americans  lived in the Southern States; however, the southerners used their power  in State and local governments to pass new laws, Jim Crow laws. Some  people refer to this as U.S. apartheid.   As a matter of fact, when White South Africans were setting up the  apartheid system in the early part of the 20th century, they traveled  to the southern part of the United States to learn what we did so they  could replicate it.   The civil rights movement was born out of the need to resist second- class citizenship and to demand that America deliver on the promises in  the U.S. Constitution.   The 1964 Civil Rights Act granted the Federal Government a new role  in desegregating schools and other public facilities. The progress that  was made and the legislation that was eventually passed in the U.S.  Congress was made because of a massive grassroots movement that we have  come to know as the civil rights movement.   Many laws were passed that allowed for equality or access to  education. But, as soon as those laws were passed, unfortunately, they  were challenged in the Supreme Court.   So, as we remember and honor the 400th anniversary of all the  enslaved Africans' arrival in America, we must never forget the  tragedies, successes, and contributions that all of them made, and that  African Americans are a part of the very fabric of America and have  made significant contributions in every major field.   Oftentimes, we tell the glorious history of the United States, but,  at some point in time, we will embrace all of the history of the United  States and not just focus on the parts that make us all feel good.   