 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    This amendment prohibits the General Services  Administration, the Federal Government's real estate arm, from using  its funds to relocate the Department of Agriculture's National  Institute of Food and Agriculture and the Economic Research Service  outside of the national capital region. Earlier today, the House  prohibited USDA from using its funds to relocate these agencies outside  of the national capital region.   On June 13, 2019, USDA announced it will relocate 547 out of its 644  employees of these agencies from the national capital region to the  Kansas City region.   Many Members of Congress who are opposing this relocation are doing  so not only to protect the employees of these agencies from the  agonizing decision of moving halfway across the country or losing their  jobs, but we are also fighting to protect scientific research and  integrity, uphold Federal law, and ensure compliance with our real  estate procurement process.   The USDA lacks the legal or budget authority to carry out this  relocation. The USDA and GSA have violated the real estate procurement  process. Further, this move is not in the best interests of the  taxpayers.   Don't just take my word for it. The USDA Office of Inspector General  initiated a review of the relocation for the same reasons in November  2018, and that review is ongoing.   This relocation is about ideology and politics, nothing more. The  decision to relocate was made before any cost-benefit analysis was done  of the consequences.   The relocation is about the Trump administration's long-documented  antipathy to nonpartisan, career Federal employees and the objective  research they produce and fund.   The employees of the National Institute of Food and Agriculture and  the Economic Research Service are being punished for doing their jobs,  the jobs Congress mandated. But the country, especially the  agricultural community, is also being punished.   As the Union of Concerned Scientists noted when the location was  selected: ``The damage was already done before Secretary Perdue made  his decision. It was clear from the start that the Trump administration  was systematically hollowing out USDA's ability to produce objective  science. The White House proposed budget cuts to eliminate research  that's inconvenient to its interests, and at the same time, they've  created this unnecessary relocation crisis, which is driving off  scientists who conduct that very research,'' which is necessary.   ``This is a blatant attack on science and will especially hurt  farmers, ranchers, and eaters at a particularly vulnerable time.''   Mr. Chair, we will fight this relocation using every tool at our  disposal. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, why should I think this wouldn't happen this  year? Every single year, there is a move to move agencies out of the  Nation's Capital. Why in the world do you think that the Framers  created a Nation's Capital in the first place?   My good friend offers the notion that he wants to be closer to the  people where agriculture takes place. Well, why don't we move the  Agriculture Subcommittee? Why don't we move virtually everything that  happens here that we deal with nationwide? Because there is a Nation's  Capital.   This is a political move. The other side has shown in the past--and  not once, I must say--that science is not important, and that is  putting it mildly.   They object to the objective science that this agency puts out.  Perhaps some of us do as well, but the Federal Government needs an  objective, scientific provision, and that is what this is about.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   