 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the  desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise to offer amendment No. 21 to H.R. 4863, the United  States Export Finance Agency Act of 2019.   Today's world shows an alarming trend: Human trafficking is on the  rise. A report published earlier this year by the United Nations Office  on Drugs and Crime found the global trend has increased steadily since  2010.   This is an issue found worldwide, in the United States, and in my  home State of New Mexico. Women and girls are especially targeted.   We know that these victims are sexually exploited and forced into  labor, slavery, or forms of servitude by perpetrators who manipulate  them using  [[Page H8894]]  coercion, fraud, deception, and abduction.   That is why New Mexico has launched a number of interagency  initiatives and collaborations with nonprofits and the Federal  Government to prevent, prosecute, and protect sex trafficking  survivors.   That is why the Ex-Im reauthorization bill we are voting on today  includes forcefully stated and required exclusions to prohibit the  Bank's board of directors from approving transactions with end users,  obligors, and lenders involved in sanctionable activities and other  violations of law.   But to reinforce the point about this particularly menacing crime, I  am offering this amendment to make it clear that these prohibitions  against entities and individuals sanctioned for global human rights  abuses include those who recruit, transport, transfer, harbor, receive,  or facilitate the trafficking of men, women, and children.   Sanctions alone are rarely, if ever, the entire solution to human  rights or corruption crises, but they play an enormously important role  to stop money from going to bad actors who seek to do bad things around  the world. Every time we use these tools to disrupt that flow of money,  we keep our country safer.   This applies to individuals, but also to the transnational criminal  organizations which, among other bad acts, manage the networks that  exploit and facilitate the abuse of sex trafficking victims in the U.S.  and abroad.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to join together to support this  amendment and the underlying bill to offer a united, bipartisan front  against human trafficking.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters).    Mr. Chair, I yield the gentlewoman  from California an additional 1 minute.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairwoman  Waters and the advocates fighting for the Bank's reauthorization.   Again, we must ensure that bad actors who seek to do bad things  around the world don't profit from their crimes. I urge my colleagues  to support this amendment and final passage of the bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   