 Madam President, I might be the luckiest person in the  world because I get to wake up on Sunday and spend Mother's Day, well,  being a mom. I will probably spend the morning helping my 1-year-old  take a few wobbly steps and then the afternoon watching my 4-year-old  draw or chasing her around the house, celebrating the holiday  surrounded by the people I cherish the most.   But that isn't the case for far too many other moms and kids around  the country. That isn't the case for women like Denise Reed, Sybrina  Fulton, or Valerie Castile, who lost their children to gun violence.  That isn't the case for the hundreds of children born in the past year  alone whose mothers died from preventable, pregnancy-related deaths.  That certainly isn't the case for the families whom the Trump  administration separated at our southern border and who still have not  yet been reunited, the kids who were thrown in cages because their  parents had the nerve to strive for a better life.   This Mother's Day, I am thinking of those whose hearts are hurting,  those moms who would give anything for another lazy Sunday with their  sons or those daughters who would do anything to hear their mother's  laugh one more time.   The truth is, the women--moms or otherwise--in this country deserve  better than the status quo. We deserve more than the Trump  administration, which in just 2-plus years has already changed title IX  sexual assault rules to favor the accused over the survivor, tried to  defund health clinics that provide prenatal care and mammograms, pushed  forward healthcare proposals that would have gutted maternity coverage,  and handed employers the power to decide whether women should have  access to birth control.   All this--well, it is shocking but unfortunately not surprising  because we knew who Donald Trump was when we elected him. He is the man  who has long made clear that he does not care about women or our  autonomy. He is the man who once argued that women should be punished  for taking up the right to choose; who has taken pride in trying to put  the government between us and our doctors; who would rather throw those  doctors in jail than even pretend to care about the women who make up  51 percent of this Nation; who just 10 days ago stood on a stage in  Wisconsin and lied, lied, lied, prioritizing a roar from the crowd over  the safety of patients and providers at health clinics nationwide; and  who just last week issued two rules that would make it easier for  doctors to either discriminate against women or deny them care  altogether.   So don't tell me that Trump is ``pro-life'' when he is pushing for  rules that endanger women's lives and when he spent years trying to  strip healthcare away from Americans. Don't claim that he is just  trying to protect families when he is the one to blame for the inhumane  policy that is ripping toddlers and babies away from mothers' arms.  Don't you dare argue that he is leading the ``party of life'' when he  will not lift a finger to stop first graders from getting massacred in  classrooms by the dozen. No, Donald Trump's anti-choice stance isn't  about looking out for families; it is about getting a slap on the back  from his base and exerting even more control over women's bodies. It is  sexist, regressive, and flatout dangerous.   But even while this administration's agenda is a travesty, it is not  an anomaly; rather, it is just the latest step in the far-right's long  march to strip away women's rights. I am tired of it, sick of their  trying to shame women when they are the ones who should be ashamed.   So enough with the hypocrisy, with the misogyny, with some men in  hallowed halls in DC arguing that they know better than moms in  Illinois or Arizona or Missouri. We can and we must do better. That  means fighting for everything from equal pay to better parental leave.  It means proving that we care about women every day of the year, not  just on one Sunday in May. That is the least that our mothers, our  daughters, and our sisters deserve.   Thank you.   With that, I yield the floor.   