 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 986, the Protecting Patients with Preexisting Conditions Act.   Quality, affordable healthcare is a fundamental human right, period.  No one should have to face financial ruin while they are fighting for  their life.   When people are using GoFundMe pages to pay their medical bills, when  parents are burying their children who ration their insulin to pay  their student loans, we know that we are in the midst of a moral  crisis. Yet, we must contend with an administration that is determined  to roll back these rights and protections.   Each of us has loved ones whose lives are put in conditional jeopardy  when we erode protections for preexisting conditions. These efforts put  lives at risk, and we are here today to fight back.   In my district, the Massachusetts Seventh, half the residents are  living with preexisting conditions. Families are struggling with some  of the highest per capita healthcare costs in the Nation, even as they  live in the shadow of some of the best healthcare institutions in the  world.   In my district, travel 3 miles from Back Bay to Roxbury, and life  expectancy drops 30 years--30.   Since its implementation, the ACA has provided critical protections  for the nearly 3 million residents of Massachusetts living with  preexisting conditions.   Our families, our neighbors, our communities are depending on us to  uphold the lifesaving protections for people with preexisting  conditions. We can do that today by passing H.R. 986.   Mr. Chair, my amendment to H.R. 986 affirms that women's healthcare  isn't optional. It is an essential benefit every plan must cover. At a  time when more than 67 million American women and girls are living with  a preexisting condition, we cannot--no, we will not go backward.   At a time when life expectancy is declining because of gun violence,  opioid use, and a maternal mortality crisis, we cannot afford to  compromise on these essential services.   Before the ACA, Mr. Chair, typical insurance plans considered  maternity care a luxury benefit, and women consistently paid more for  primary care than men. In fact, women who have given birth, had a C- section, or were living with HIV or a previous breast cancer diagnosis  could be considered to  [[Page H3534]]  have preexisting conditions and denied coverage.   Thanks to the ACA, many women who were previously uninsured gained  health coverage, including vital access to preventative care.   This administration's cruel and dangerous guidance would weaken these  provisions and allow insurers to sell skimpy plans that can exclude  coverage like maternity care and pediatric services.   The ACA is our floor, not our ceiling. We must continue to fight for  universal healthcare. We must continue to push for a healthcare system  that meets the needs of the people we represent, a healthcare system  that sees all people, hears all people, and cares for all people in a  way that promotes safety, dignity, and respect. I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   