 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the Conference  Report to Accompany H.J. Res. 31.   Our country used to celebrate being a nation of immigrants, one that  protected the most vulnerable and those fleeing from violence and  persecution. We are, after all, home to the American Dream.  Increasingly, though, this country's policies have become a nightmare  for immigrant families, adults, and children.   People, including children, have died under our custody, and  immigrants and refugees are being targeted, detained and deported with  little oversight or accountability, and with no regard for keeping  families together. DHS, specifically it's enforcement methods and  immigration policy is out of alignment with our American values, and  instead of increasing its funding to separate families and cage  children, we must step back and conduct an audit of DHS funding and  policies, with an eye towards decreasing its budget and ending the  militarization of our immigration system. More importantly, we need an  audit of our morality as  [[Page H2023]]  a country. Our true test is how we treat the most vulnerable amongst  us, including our neighbors seeking a better life.   Since the creation of DHS in 2003, both CBP and ICE's budgets have  more than doubled, to a total of nearly $24 billion today. Moreover,  transfer and reprogramming authority allow ICE and CBP to siphon money  from other departments to support their activities, leaving their true  budgets largely unaccountable and often illusory. ICE, for instance,  has redirected appropriations to grow its detention camps and  enforcement operations, spending beyond what Congress appropriated.  This deal does nothing to restrict this transfer authority and will see  an increase in immigration detention of more than 11 percent, or 5,000  additional detentions every day, and representing a 25 percent increase  total over Obama Administration levels.   It is unconscionable that our federal budget would be spent on  private detention centers, like those run by Core Civic and GEO Groups,  who hold hundreds of millions of dollars in contracts from DHS for  private detention camps. These for-profit camps are violating human  rights by not providing hot water, serving spoiled food and denying  medical care. Not coincidentally, each of Core Civic and GEO Group gave  $250,000 to President Trump's inaugural committee. Our budget is not a  tool for rewarding campaign supporters, and it cannot be used to  perpetuate human rights abuses or make a profit on the backs of  children and our immigrant neighbors.   The Conference Report also provides $1.375 billion for wall  construction, a complete waste of resources that makes us no safer but  perpetuates environmental degradation and dehumanizes border  communities. It expands CBP's short term custody without any  safeguards, increases funding for Homeland Security Investigation ICE  agents who conduct militarized raids and abuse rights and their  authority, and funds border security technology despite a long history  of DHS abuses.   Once we voted to reopen the government, albeit short-term, a few of  my colleagues and I released a letter declaring that we would not vote  for an increase in funding for the harmful, hateful, and inhumane  actions of some agencies within DHS. We asked that the conference  committee work to cut DHS funding, get rid of transfer authority for  funds so the Trump Administration can no longer use the DHS as a slush  fund, and implement stronger accountability measures beyond just  reporting. It is unfortunate that this DHS funding bill includes none  of this. Instead, it includes money for a wall, an increase in DHS  funding, and lacks necessary accountability measures. We should be  fighting for a just border and a comprehensive immigration system. We  must demand change. We owe it to the American people and those coming  to this country for a better life. A presidency built on  misinformation, fearmongering, and division should not be rewarded for  its threats of shutdowns and instituting national emergencies.   My Democratic colleagues in the conference have negotiated in good  faith with the President and Republican leadership, and even despite  this, Republicans have confirmed that once again President Trump will  ignore the principles that the Constitution has set forth and declare a  National Emergency. Both sides should be alarmed at this continuous  degradation of the rule of law, separation of powers, and disregard for  our Constitution.   I cannot in good conscious vote for this DHS funding bill. On behalf  of my immigrant neighbors, I must reject hateful policies and rhetoric  by the Trump Administration. I am committed to working toward a just  border, a welcoming country, and a comprehensive immigration system  that respects the humanity and dignity of people while inspiring people  to live up to the best of our country's ideals.   