 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it was several weeks ago--actually,  October 23--that here in the Senate we had the opportunity to recognize  a friend of so many of us; a mentor, certainly, to me; and a leader in  Alaska. We recognized the life and contributions of Senator Ted  Stevens.   The Alaska congressional delegation was able to join with members of  the Stevens family, many of his friends, his congressional colleagues,  and a lot of former staff. We were able to unveil a portrait of Senator  Stevens that had been commissioned for him as the President pro tempore  of the Senate. It was a lovely ceremony and a great occasion, and now  his portrait hangs back in the hall, behind where the Presiding Officer  is sitting.   It was a great occasion to be remembering the contributions of Ted  Stevens. He represented my State from 1968 to 2009. He was the longest  serving Republican Senator in Senate history at the time that he left  office.   He left office with considerable policy legacies. Those in the  fishing industry remember the work he did with Senator Magnuson in  creating the Magnuson-Stevens Act, which really has become the  framework for our sustainable fisheries. It is something we continue to  look to. He also worked in sports with the creation of the U.S.  Paralympics. We remember his encouragement and all that he did with  women and girls in sports regarding title IX.   We all know his background and his history. He was a pilot in World  War II. Certainly, here in the Senate, he was a staunch advocate for  our veterans and for all of our military. He worked hand in glove with  his Senate brother and friend, Senator Daniel Inouye, chairing not only  the Appropriations Committee itself but also the Subcommittee on  Defense Appropriations. In that role, he helped to advance so many of  our national priorities.   Today is Ted Stevens' birthday. If he were alive today, he would be  96 years old. Later this evening, there is going to be a gathering. It  is an annual gathering on November 18, when friends of Ted gather to  raise a glass to a wonderful man, a strong leader, a great Alaskan, and  truly a friend of mine.   I think today Ted Stevens would be smiling at what Senator Sullivan,  Congressman Young, and I were able to observe this morning.   The three of us--the full Alaska delegation--were in Fort Worth, TX,  at the Lockheed Martin plant, and we were able to participate in the  signing as we seek to roll off the line the first F-35 that will be  based there at Eielson Air Force Base. It will be the first of two  squadrons with there being a total complement of 54 F-35s. It was a  reminder to all of us of all we have done in the State of Alaska in our  focusing on Alaska's geostrategic position, not in the country but in  the world.   Ted Stevens clearly recognized that. He was a visionary in so many  areas, and he was certainly a visionary when it came to understanding  the promise but also the challenge of the Arctic itself and how we were  to ensure that in this region. It is a region that is pretty remote and  pretty isolated, but it is a region that is prepared and then, with  that preparation, is able to protect.   As we think about that role today that Senator Stevens envisioned for  Alaska in terms of our role in protecting and defending the country but  also our broader, more global role and responsibility, I come to talk  about legislation that I have introduced, along with Senator Sullivan,  to authorize the Department of Defense to create a sixth regional  center for security studies that is focused on the Arctic.   I think it is very, very clear to us that the Department of Defense,  in particular, is keying in on the challenges that we face in the  Arctic. With the growing prominence of the Arctic and global  geopolitical and strategic affairs, now is the time to give the  Department of Defense the tools as well as the abilities that it needs  to foster the research and the dialogue that we think will be critical  to our Nation's security.   Let me give a little bit of background in terms of these regional  centers. Currently, the Department of Defense has five academic  regional centers for security studies. They cover the regions of  Europe, the Asia-Pacific, Africa, Near East South Asia, and the  Northern Hemisphere. What these centers aim to do is to support defense  strategy objectives and policy priorities through a pretty unique  academic forum, as well as to foster strong international networks of  security leaders.   Just to give a kind of basic comparison of what we are talking about  here, in specifics, the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies is  actually fully entitled the Daniel K. Inouye Asia-Pacific Center for  Security Studies. It was established in Hawaii back in 1995, but it is  a DOD institution that provides a forum at which current and future  military and civilian leaders from the Indo-Pacific gather to address  regional and global security issues and enhance security cooperation  through programs of executive education, professional exchange, and  building relationships of trust and confidence. Currently, over 30  countries send participants to engage, to learn, and to really build  those relationships.   The Ted Stevens Arctic Security Studies Center, which is what we seek  to name this Arctic center, will be modeled after the Daniel K. Inouye  Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies. There being the fact that the  two of them worked hand in glove for so many years--really, for  decades--on these issues of national security and national defense from  both the perspective of the far north as well as the Asia-Pacific, it  is only fitting that we model the Ted Stevens Arctic Security Studies  Center after the Arctic center named after Daniel Inouye.   Senator Schatz clearly understands the value of the Asia-Pacific  center, and he has joined Senator Sullivan and me as a cosponsor of  this legislation.   What we are really seeking to do here--the overarching goal of this  Arctic security studies center--is to find solutions for the greatest  security challenges of the circumpolar Arctic region in order to help  promote a greater understanding of the Arctic--we know we have to do  more there--as well as to facilitate greater engagement and potential  solutions for the many challenges that we know lie ahead.   It is an evolving world up there. Let me tell you that it is an  evolving world. As we are seeing the impact from climate changes, as we  are seeing ice recede, as we are seeing waterways open up, as we are  seeing greater access, as we are seeing greater threats, what are we  doing to prepare?   I think it is important to recognize that the proposed center would  be additive in nature. It is not looking to take away from any of the  other very excellent efforts that support the DOD's mission in the  Arctic. What we are seeking to do is to provide additional value while  creating new partnerships and supporting critical research. We hope-- certainly, it is the intent here--to complement current structures,  like the multinational Security Forces Roundtable, led by USEUCOM and  the Norwegian Defence Staff. The center will build on the Arctic Coast  Guard Forum, wherein, effectively, you have senior leaders from the  Coast Guards from all over the Arctic nations gather to discuss defense  and security concerns.    Just this last Thursday, I had an opportunity to be part and spoke  via videoconference of the importance of this strategic dialogue at the  Arctic Symposiums and Arctic Senior Leader Summits, which was held by  NORTHCOM and ALCOM.  [[Page S6619]]    Again, what we are seeking to do here is to help facilitate the array  of international senior leaders and Arctic subject matter experts to  come together for these substantive dialogues on the Arctic. The Arctic  presents an opportunity to expand the DOD Regional Center's model to  study the rapid changes in communications, technology, environment, and  societies in remote and sparsely populated areas with underdeveloped  infrastructure.   I mentioned that this would be additive in nature, that we seek to  collaborate with other current structures that are doing good work, but  we seek to have close partnerships with research centers like we have  at the Wilson Center's Polar Institute, at the University of Alaska  Fairbanks' Arctic Domain Awareness Center, as well as at the Coast  Guard Academy Center for Arctic Study and Policy.   We need to have strong involvement from Native leaders and indigenous  peoples. How we incorporate and how we elevate the Native expertise in  the Arctic that has been informed by centuries of experience of having  lived in the region must also be a priority. The center should also be  used as a joint commanded venue with Canada and other Arctic partners.  This would be effectively replicating the success of the model that we  have with the George C. Marshall Center with Germany.   Since Senator Sullivan and I introduced this bill to establish this  new DOD Arctic security studies center, we have gotten great input. I  am pleased that we have seen a lot of interest from within our State  and outside as well. Several have reached out to our offices to express  their interest in supporting and developing the concept of this center.   I think we see Arctic security emerging as an area of threat as well  as interest, and it certainly remains the likely spillover conflict  area should confrontations occur within Europe or Asia. So great  scholarship, plus international and interdisciplinary engagement from  an Arctic center, would help to advance defense readiness, develop our  awareness, and improve ally and partner capabilities to support  multinational security cooperation across the circumpolar Arctic.   This is something that I am excited to be working on, and I know  Senator Sullivan is as well. I invite other colleagues to join us in  this effort. I think that our friend Ted Stevens would approve of this  as well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   