 Mr. President, I want to join with my colleagues today  in expressing great dismay as we are approaching the 2-year anniversary  of the massive Republican tax giveaway. Middle-class families and  workers have not gotten even remotely close to what they were promised.  Instead, President Trump and Republicans gave the big drug companies,  the wealthiest Americans, and other special interests an enormous tax  cut just in time for the holidays. Merry Christmas to them. But what  did he give the majority of families in Michigan? He gave them the  equivalent of a beautifully wrapped gift box with nothing in it. There  is a word for that, when you make a bunch of promises and fail to keep  them. In Michigan, we call that a betrayal.   President Trump made some really big promises about the Republican  tax giveaway. In his words, it would be ``one of the great Christmas  gifts to middle-income people.'' Unfortunately, President Trump turned  out to be less like Santa Claus and more like Ebenezer Scrooge. The  wealthiest 1 percent of taxpayers received an average tax cut 64 times  the size of the one given to the middle class.   He said--as my other colleagues have referred to--people would get an  average of $4,000 more in their income. We in Michigan are still  waiting for that $4,000 per person who is working to show up. What  happened is, the real number is about $514. And what is even worse is  that bonuses for working people have actually gone down 22 percent  since the tax giveaway passed. Bonuses are down, not up. You don't have  to have the math skills of Bob Cratchit to know that is far from what  was promised.   He also promised that businesses would use their tax windfall to  invest in workers and create jobs. Unfortunately, that has not  happened. We know that in the third quarter of this year, business  investment was a negative 2.7 percent. That is the second straight  negative quarter for business investments despite the promise of  ``tremendous'' business investment. I am deeply worried because we have  had two straight quarters now of contraction on manufacturing, which is  actually the technical definition of a recession. Coming from Michigan,  where we proudly make things and grow things, that is deeply concerning  to me.   Meanwhile, in the first year of the Republican tax betrayal,  businesses rewarded CEOs and wealthy shareholders with more than $1.1  trillion in stock buybacks. What does that mean? That means you do a  buyback of your stock. It drives up the price of the company stock. It  enriches the CEOs and major shareholders but does nothing for the  workers. In fact, corporations spent 140 times as much money on stock  buybacks as they did on increasing wages and benefits for workers. In  2018 alone, the 10 biggest drug companies spent $115 billion--with a  ``b''--on stock buybacks and dividends, but I don't recall seeing the  cost of medicine go down. Instead, they keep raising the prices, which  is outrageous.   Perhaps the most ridiculous promise that President Trump made was on  the national debt. He said: ``We have $21 trillion in debt.'' That is  what he said back in July 2018. ``When [the Republican tax law] really  kicks in, we'll start paying off that debt like water.'' I am not  exactly sure what that meant, but it didn't happen. Instead, the  Federal budget deficit has risen by $319 billion so far, and counting,  since the passage of the Republican tax law.   To add insult to injury, our friends across the aisle doing the  budget used the fact that there was a deficit to one more time say that  we need $1.5 trillion in cuts to Medicaid and $800 billion in cuts to  Medicare to reduce the deficit because, oh my gosh, we have a deficit,  so we should take healthcare away from seniors and families across  America.   On top of all of that, the Trump administration now is implementing  rules that could take food assistance away from up to a million people  who work part time or seasonal work. They get a job at the mall during  Christmas, but then they lose it. They are in and out of the market. By  the way, the average amount of help to these men and women who are  working hard, trying to hold it together, is $127 a month--just barely  making sure they are not starving. As another Republican President once  said, ``There you go again.''   Let me say in conclusion that 2 years ago, President Trump promised  middle-class families, working families across Michigan and the  country, a whole lot of things. He said that the deficit would  disappear, that corporations would pass along their tax savings in the  form of jobs and better wages, and that people would get $4,000 more in  their paychecks, in their income. He said that this giveaway would be  one of the great Christmas gifts to middle-class people. Instead, the  majority of Americans got a lump of coal.   Promises have not been kept. We believe in keeping promises in  Michigan. This is about more than the numbers; it is about making sure  everybody who is working hard is treated fairly and has a fair shot to  care for their families and have the American dream. That is not what  happened with this tax giveaway.   I yield the floor to the Senator from Maryland.   