 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1573 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I am disappointed that the majority  has objected to passing our bipartisan legislation.   Every Senator should support a simple fix to assure veterans enrolled  in the VA system can obtain preventive medications without out-of- pocket costs.   All Americans deserve access to the best healthcare possible,  especially the veterans who signed up to defend our Nation. Yet,  because of this objection, our veterans will continue to pay more for  essential preventive medications compared to every other insured  American.   One of the Affordable Care Act's critical patient protections was  prohibiting insurance companies and other health systems, including the  Department of Defense's own TRICARE, from charging copayments for drugs  that are designated as preventive by the U.S. Preventive Services Task  Force.   The ACA recognized that preventing serious illness, such as heart  disease and breast cancer, may help avoid complex and costly medical  treatments down the line.   Most importantly, preventive medicine may also increase patient  survival odds. That is why the ACA required every insurer to cover  preventive medications at no additional cost to enrollees.   The time has come to expand this vital patient protection to cover  veterans enrolled in VA healthcare. Congress has the power to stop  veterans from being the only ensured Americans who are charged copays  and out-of-pocket fees for essential drugs and potentially lifesaving  preventive health medication. This includes everything from critical  vaccinations to common medications such as aspirin to lower the risk of  heart disease and more advanced drugs such as tamoxifen inhibitors to  lower the risk of breast cancer.   The question is simply, Does the Senate majority in this Congress  have the will to exercise this power to swiftly fix the problem?   Unfortunately, today's objection provided a disappointing answer. I  hope the majority will reconsider its opposition to passing the  bipartisan Veterans Preventive Health Coverage Fairness Act by  unanimous consent.   I am confident that a Democratic House majority would act swiftly to  pass S. 1573 if we can get this commonsense bill to that Chamber. After  all, I am confident that if asked, the majority of Americans--if not  all Americans--would agree it is simply wrong to force veterans to pay  more for essential preventive medications that are critically important  to heart disease and building bone density.   This should not be controversial. It is certainly viewed as a  commonsense legislative update by the veterans community.   That is why my bipartisan bill has been endorsed by the Veterans of  Foreign Wars of the United States, the American Legion, the Disabled  American Veterans, and the Paralyzed Veterans of America.   Making sure veterans enrolled in the VA system can obtain preventive  medications without paying out of pocket should be something every  Senator can agree on.   Senate Democrats certainly share this conviction. That is why every  Member of the Democratic caucus agreed to pass the bipartisan Veterans  Preventive Health Coverage Fairness Act right now.   Unfortunately, today's objection proves that not every Member of the  Republican conference shares this conviction.   With deep disappointment, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   