 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5, the  Equality Act.   I rise on behalf of non-cisgender Americans, on behalf of QPOC  Americans, on behalf of drag kings and drag queens, on behalf of all  non-heteronormative Americans.   I rise today to let you know that you are seen and you are heard, and  I am proud to stand in solidarity with you.   It is our mandate as legislators to protect all Americans, yet we are  failing entire communities. In my home State, the Commonwealth of  Massachusetts, a leader in marriage equality, we have the second  largest LGBTQ population of any State in the country. Even though our  queer pride extends far and wide, 61 percent of transgender Bay Staters  experienced housing discrimination in the greater Boston area, and 65  percent of LGBTQ Bay Staters experienced discrimination in public  spaces, from public transportation to retail establishments, places of  worship, restaurants, and healthcare settings.   As we consider H.R. 5, we must remind ourselves of our values. My  forever President Barack Obama once said: ``When all Americans are  treated as equal, no matter who they are or whom they love, we are all  more free.''   It is true. When we defeat hate with love, we all win.   During a time filled with fear, bigotry, and public turmoil, it is  unconscionable that we are still debating the liberties of people who  ask only to be received as their full selves. It is our fundamental  right as Americans to live happily, peacefully, and unapologetically.  It is our fundamental right to live free of harassment and  discrimination. It is our right to pursue happiness.   I extend my deepest gratitude to Congressman Cicilline, the author of  the Equality Act who has worked tirelessly for years to affirm the  rights and liberties of LGBTQ Americans.   Thanks to the leadership, H.R. 5 takes a comprehensive approach to  making the pursuit of life, love, and happiness a reality for all of  us, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. The Equality  Act ensures that LGBTQ people are protected by a nationwide standard  for nondiscrimination.   It is time for us to live up to our values. It is time for us to  strike out against injustices that devalue our humanity.   Together, we can affirm that our diversity is our strength and that  our collective safety is nonnegotiable.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 5.   