 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues from  Maryland and Alaska for bringing us together today but also for the  work our group has been putting in for the last several weeks to find a  solution to end this harmful and hurtful shutdown.   The voters of Arizona want a government that is lean, that allows  them to pursue their individual interests, and that, above all, does  not detract from their everyday life.   Unfortunately, when the Federal Government is shut down, as it is  today, it detracts and takes away from the quality of life for folks in  Arizona.   Recently, the President asked the Congress to consider appropriations  for border security. I stand in support of working together across the  aisle with my colleagues in the Senate to answer that request. Arizona  needs enhanced funding for border security, and I feel confident that  if given 3 weeks, the Republicans and Democrats together in this body  could find a reasonable compromise that both continues to keep our  government operating in a lean and efficient way, while also providing  for efficient and effective border security.   In Arizona, we bear the brunt of a government that has failed its  duty to secure our border and protect our communities; in Arizona, we  bear the brunt of our country's failure to solve the immigration crisis  we live in today; in Arizona, we have been waiting for over three  decades for the Congress to solve this problem so that we in Arizona  can live our lives free from unnecessary government interference and  with the full freedom our country has promised us.  [[Page S562]]    I believe that if we work together over the next 3 weeks, we can find  a compromise, we can find a solution to this challenge, and we can work  with our colleagues in the House and send a piece of legislation to the  President that will meet the security needs of our country and ensure  that we keep government operating efficiently and effectively for the  people of my State and for this country. I look forward to working over  the next several weeks to solve this challenge.   I request of the President, allow us those 3 weeks to find this  bipartisan solution together.   I yield back.   