 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to  H.R. 4617, the SHIELD Act.   Today the House is discussing and debating how we can safeguard the  integrity of our elections, the bedrock of our democracy. How do we  protect our electoral systems from foreign threats? And how do we  prevent foreign influence over our electorate?   As we stand here today, the number of countries engaged in active  campaigns to mislead the electorate, the American people continues to  grow. According to a new report from the University of Oxford, the  number of countries engaged in disinformation campaigns has more than  doubled in the last 2 years. Additionally, at least seven countries  have used their intelligence or military apparatuses to deploy  disinformation on social media to influence a foreign country and its  people.   As a former intelligence officer, I recognize the risks that these  potential attacks, yes, attacks, pose as we head into the next year's  Federal, State, and local elections. There is a legitimate fear across  our intelligence community that foreign governments will build on  Russia's extensive information warfare strategy. Foreign actors from  Russia to China to North Korea to Iran are eager to undermine the  foundations of our democracy.   Leading up to the 2016 Presidential election Facebook disclosed that  it had found more than $100,000 worth of ads on divisive issues  purchased by a Russian company linked to the Kremlin, and the potential  return on investment is extremely high. As we approach 2020, they have  every reason to follow this playbook again and to strengthen their  disinformation operations.   In the context of these threats, we need to take a serious look at  how we build resiliency against foreign interference on social media  platforms. Digital advertising can be a far less expense and time  intensive as a tool for propaganda, and it can spread disinformation,  confusion, hate, and division at an alarming rate.   The SHIELD Act takes real steps to require large online platforms to  keep records of qualified political advertisements, and I would like to  thank my colleagues for their hard work on this critical issue.   The SHIELD Act would require online companies to keep publicly  available records about online digital political advertisements. It  would require information about the contents of a specific  advertisement, its target audience, and the issue it addresses.   Additionally, it would require disclosure information about those  purchasing the advertisement. Disclosure sheds light on corruption. It  unmasks influence. And it stops our democracy from becoming vulnerable  to foreign governments, nonstate actors, and shadowy influence groups  constantly working to distract and mislead the American people. My  amendment would strengthen this disclosure requirement.   My amendment would add that online platforms need to include a  statement when the person purchasing a political advertisement is  acting as the agent of a foreign principal.   Not only would it include language making it clear that they are  acting on behalf of a foreign entity, but it would require the online  platform to identify the foreign principal involved. That principal  could be a foreign government, a foreign political party or a nonstate  actor.   Fundamentally, my amendment to the SHIELD Act would put the power  back in the hands of the American people. It would help address a  critical underlying question, who is in charge of deciding American  elections? Is it those abroad, working to divide and influence the  American people? Or is it the American people themselves?   By requiring online records of purchase requests that include public  information on the foreign principal behind these advertisements, the  American people will be able to see clearly who is attempting to  influence their decisions.   As Congress acts today to restore the trust of those we serve in our  system of government, my amendment would strengthen our efforts to  prevent the spread of foreign influence in our democratic system.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to H.R. 4617 to increase  transparency in online advertisements, something that should not be  controversial.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the purpose of this amendment is, in  fact, to ensure that the American people are aware when an agent of a  foreign principal under FARA parameters purchases a political  advertisement. We, as Members of Congress, have the ability to set the  parameters under which the transparency and information is available to  the American public. And in doing so, we need to make sure that not  only do the American people know when there is a foreign individual  purchasing advertisements meant to influence them, but when someone  else is purchasing those advertisements on behalf of a foreign entity  as described by FARA.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I also support increasing the  enforcement of FARA.   But this, in particular, is about transparency and the transparency  that it brings as it relates to the underlying aspect of the Honest Ads  Act, which is a bipartisan bill, Republicans and Democrats in equal  amounts. This is about transparency. This is about allowing the  American people to know who, in fact, is purchasing the ads that are  meant to influence them.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   