 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of a great  leader, legislator and servant of the people. A man of principle and  unyielding resolve to be the voice of the people; Congressman Elijah  Eugene Cummings.   A native of Baltimore, Maryland, Congressman Cummings maintained an  unbreakable bond to the community that raised him, fighting for the  people he loved every day.   From his days as Speaker pro tempore of the Maryland House of  Delegates, to becoming Chairman of the powerful House Committee on  Oversight and Reform of the U.S. Congress, Congressman Cummings  defended the less fortunate by ensuring federal government programs  were meeting the needs of the people of his district and this country.  He became a powerful voice for equality and opportunity, a tireless  advocate for affordable healthcare, quality education, civil rights,  and criminal justice reform.   Congressman Cummings committed himself to civil rights advocacy and  social justice. He was known as the gentleman who ``will not yield''  when it comes to educating our children, protecting communities of  color, and migrant families. As his colleague, it was no surprise to  see him take to the streets to extinguish the flames of outrage sparked  by racism and excessive violence by law enforcement in his hometown. He  will forever be remembered as a calming spirit in a time of civil  unrest in the city of Baltimore.   Congressman Cummings' lifetime of public service was defined by  compassion, integrity, and a commitment to empowering the people he was  sworn to represent. His presence will be sorely missed. His legacy of  leadership will continue to be an inspiration to us all. It was an  honor to know him, and call him friend.   Elijah was a man of great and unwavering faith. I can imagine, as he  was making his transition early last Thursday morning, he sang the  words of the old hymn, ``Oh, I want to see Him, look upon His face;  There to sing forever of His saving grace; On the streets of glory let  me lift my voice; Cares all past, home at last, ever to rejoice.''   Farewell my friend. Another soldier gone home.   