 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Lowey for her great  leadership.   It is with, actually, great reluctance that I rise in support of  today's short-term continuing resolution, and I urge my colleagues to  do so as well. While this continuing resolution will keep the lights on  for the government of the United States, surely, this isn't the most  responsible course of action we could follow.   This extension of current funding means Federal agencies are  effectively forced to operate on autopilot. They can't begin any new  programs or respond to shifting priorities. To force our Nation's  government to once again operate on a continuing resolution has been  railed against by our Republican friends as particularly problematic  for the Pentagon. And they are right. But it is the lack of action from  our Senate Republican colleagues who deep-sixed their fiscal  responsibility and their leadership that brought us here today.   I commend Chairwoman Lowey's real leadership, and Speaker Pelosi, and  Majority Leader Hoyer for their prioritization and passage in the House  of 10 of the 12 annual appropriation spending bills. But what has the  Senate achieved? Very little.   Despite Democratic warnings for months about the need for a  bipartisan budget agreement, it took until July to settle on top-line  numbers. Only this very month were our Senate colleagues willing to  advance their first bills.   Why you might ask? Because they are beholden to the White House. But  this White House has consistently demonstrated its lack of regard for  the Federal budget process itself, for Congress' constitutional power  of the purse, and for the constitutional separation of powers when it  comes to Federal funding decisions.   So I suppose there is a bit of time to right this ship of state. But  it will take real courage from congressional Republicans to separate  themselves from the irresponsible campaign promises of the President.  It will take serious commitment in the Senate to produce bills that can  be conferenced with our House versions that are just waiting for  conference.    And by November 21, it will take bipartisan  responsibility to support this body's highest priority to fund the  entire Federal Government for the remaining fiscal year 2020.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this short-term  resolution and demand our Republican colleagues get serious about  reasonable expectations in a divided government. Let us compromise and  let us govern as the people of the United States expect.   