 Madam Chair, I am pleased to rise to join our  distinguished Republican leader, Mr. McCarthy, to honor the dedicated,  distinguished service of an outstanding public servant, United States  Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa.   Madam Chair, throughout 34 years in law enforcement, Police Chief  Verderosa has proven himself as a leader of the highest patriotism and  professionalism and has proudly carried forth the Capitol Police's  nearly two-century history of storied service.   Chief Verderosa has held seemingly every consequential job in the  Capitol Police, from the fields of emergency response, to dignitary  protection, to the highest ranks of leadership.   Through it all, he has distinguished himself for his strong, steady  leadership, particularly during some of the most challenging times for  the Capitol Police force and the Congress.   That outstanding leadership was on display after the 2017  congressional baseball shooting, 2 years ago next month. Chief  Verderosa responded to that attack with courage, vision, and grace,  bringing help and healing to those affected and to our entire  congressional community.   In every day of his tenure, he has led with those same qualities,  navigating everything from mass protests, to the more than 11 million  annual visitors to the Capitol Grounds, to multiple Lying in State and  Lying in Honor ceremonies.   Chief Verderosa has earned the respect of all: the rank-and-file  officers of the Capitol Police, Members of Congress, foreign  dignitaries, and the American people.   On a personal note, as someone who benefits from the protection of  the Capitol Police every day and everywhere I go, I want to express my  gratitude to Chief Verderosa for his hard work and commitment to the  safety of all Members.   In his retirement statement, Chief Verderosa said: ``The mission of  the department is simple. We protect the legislative process.''   Chief Verderosa, thank you for your relentless dedication to  protecting the legislative process and this legislative body, ensuring  that the people's House can do the people's work. We are profoundly  grateful. We wish you well in your well-earned retirement.   Madam Chair, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from California  (Mr. McCarthy), who is the Republican leader of the House.   