 Mr. President, we rise to celebrate Women's History Month.   This month is, of course, very personal to me as a woman, a daughter,  and a mother. One of the sayings I love is: ``Well-behaved women seldom  make history.'' This is so true. I want to reflect on a few of these  fearless females--trailblazers--who have made history and who have  shaped our future.   These are women like suffrage leader Carrie Chapman Catt. She founded  the League of Women Voters in 1920, which was 2 years after she helped  women gain the right to vote. Catt relocated to Iowa when she was 7  years old, and she graduated from what is now Iowa State University, my  alma mater. She was so committed to the cause of women that she helped  found the International Woman Suffrage Alliance to help spread rights  for women all around our globe.   I fast-forward to today, when one can see the fruits of her labor. In  Iowa, we just elected our first female Governor--my friend and a  fearless female, Kim Reynolds. We also gained two new women lawmakers  with the election of Abby Finkenauer and Cindy Axne and a record number  of women in the Iowa State House, led by Speaker of the House Linda  Upmeyer. In Congress, we have a record number of women who serve in the  U.S. House and 25 who serve in the U.S. Senate. While we come from  differing backgrounds and political stripes, I admire these women for  jumping into the arena.   I also reflect on a woman named Deborah Sampson. Sampson is credited  as the first woman to serve in the U.S. Army. This hero, who couldn't  serve openly as a female, disguised herself as a male and joined the  Continental Army in 1781. She led forces on a mission that helped to  capture 15 enemy soldiers. She served as a scout, dug trenches, and  endured battle wounds. She even extracted a pistol ball from her own  leg so no one would know she was a female.   Fast-forward to today, when thousands of women are serving in the  military and are taking on bigger and badder roles. They are all brave,  fierce, and honorable. They are modern-day Deborah Sampsons.   I think of the wonderful women with whom I served in the Army and of  all of those whom I commanded--my wonderful mechanics, my truckdrivers,  my admin specialists. I think of my daughter, who is a cadet at West  Point, as well as Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson, and so many other  women who serve in Active Duty, as reservists, and as National  Guardsmen. They all serve our great Nation.  [[Page S2025]]    Finally, I reflect on Gertrude Dieken. Dieken was from Grundy County,  IA. She was an editor and the first woman vice president of the Farm  Journal--a renowned magazine that is dedicated to farming. Savvy in  business, economics, and journalism, Dieken established a book  publishing division and became the first female member of its board of  directors.   Iowa women are today exercising their girl power, making it happen on  the shop floor, in the boardroom, on the farm, and in every occupation  in between. Iowa is now ranked eighth for growth in the number of  women-owned businesses.   As part of my 99 County Tour, I have met many of these phenomenal  women and have heard their stories and dreams for their futures. I am  continually inspired by these fearless females and the thousands of  other women like them who have paved the path forward and broken-- shattered--that glass ceiling. They are changing lives and are helping  our economy and our communities grow.   We know it isn't always easy today to be a fearless female, just as  it was not easy for the trailblazing women of the past. We must  continue to take on the challenges that confront women from all walks  of life--harassment, abuse, and discrimination. Keeping the economy  strong, along with issues like childcare access, criminal justice  reform, healthcare, and paid parental leave, are areas in which I am  working to move that ball forward.   Melinda Gates often says, ``When women and girls are empowered to  participate fully in society, everyone benefits.'' I believe that to be  true.   The future is bright for women today--in particular, for young  women--because of the sacrifices of those who have come before us. We  have a common bond as females, sisters, mothers, grandmothers, and  daughters. It is easy to look at these historical examples as a mere  recitation of facts and figures, but I view them as a challenge--a  challenge to all women to stand strong and reject the status quo, to  achieve greatness, to be a friend and a mentor, and to prove all of  those doubters wrong. Whether you are a stay-at-home mom or a woman in  America's boardrooms or anywhere in between, you are making a  difference.   As Peggy Whitson--famed astronaut and first female to command the  International Space Station--once said: ``If a farmer's daughter from  Iowa can be an astronaut, you can be just about anything you want to  be.''   I yield the floor.   