 Madam Chair, I thank my dear friend, the chair of the  Appropriations Committee, for yielding me this time.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 268, the emergency disaster  recovery package.   National disasters across our Nation devastated the lives of millions  of Americans this past year. A few ranked as the worst and most severe  incidents around the world.   It is the top responsibility of Congress to provide these hard-hit  communities with the strength, hope, and support to recover. This  supplemental will provide necessary aid to these ailing communities.   This Nation needs a better strategy to mitigate damage in future  disasters, especially as year after year we see accelerating numbers  and severity of national disasters due to climate change. This bill  also includes funds for future mitigation.   From our subcommittee's energy and water accounts, we have seen  recent hurricanes and storms devastate existing infrastructure.  Included in this supplemental is $470 million to repair damages at Army  Corps of Engineer projects across our Nation.   Given the Corps' important role to help protect communities  nationwide and in the territories against national disasters, we also  included $750 million for the Army Corps to accelerate construction on  flood risk mitigation projects.   Americans should not have to worry whether their community can  provide adequate power to our homes and businesses, but across our  Nation, fire- and flood-ravaged communities need funds to repair  extensive damage and to strengthen electric grids. This bill ensures  the Department of the Interior and Department of Energy have the  resources needed for this assistance.   Now, let me be clear. This administration has considered  reprogramming funds appropriated for disaster recovery projects. These  funds are appropriated to rebuild and strengthen America's resiliency  against future disasters. They are intended to protect American  families and communities from natural disasters.   I am actually appalled that this administration would raid money for  communities broken from actual disasters.    Madam Chair, in conclusion, this nation must confront,  head-on, the reality of strengthening storms. We must help all  communities recover from disasters, as we never know when it will hit  our own backyard.    Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the disaster package.    Madam Chair, I thank Congresswoman Velazquez for her  daunting and unparalleled leadership in trying to help the people of  Puerto Rico.   And I thank our very distinguished ranking member for his interest in  helping to solve the real challenge of Cano Martin Pena.   I have to say to the people of Puerto Rico and our fellow citizens,  those who reside in Puerto Rico and those who reside stateside here: We  are very aware, from Congresswoman Velazquez's work, how devastated  Puerto Rico is. She has spent so much of her substance in trying to  educate the membership here. We are very fortunate for her abiding  leadership.    We all need to stand up for the residents of Puerto Rico. I  appreciate her work, and all of our colleagues' efforts, to do just  that.   I am committed to working with her to address any issues with this  amendment as we move forward. Its intent is absolutely on point. I  think that, working together on a bipartisan basis, we can find a way  to help heal our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico and bring a better way  of life there in the future.   