 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, during a recent Oversight and Reform  Committee hearing, of which I am a member, on Ban the Box, an advocate  and formerly incarcerated mother testified that ``People do not go to  prison; families do.''   From personal experience and a career spent in community and  advocating on behalf of families destabilized by mass incarceration, I  know firsthand the trauma that comes from having a parent involved in  the criminal justice system.   We must break the chains that keep families ensnarled by the mass  incarceration system generation after generation. We must end the  prison industrial complex that has brought so much devastation and  trauma to many families and communities.   As many as 2.7 million children have at least one parent in prison or  jail. That is 1 in 9 Black children, 1 in 28 Latino children, and 1 in  57 White children. Too many children are bearing the trauma, the shame,  and the stigma that often comes along with having a parent or caregiver  incarcerated.   In the Massachusetts Seventh, which I am fortunate to represent, a  Boston reentry study that tracked formerly incarcerated men and women  found that over half of respondents had less than $400 in their pockets  upon release from prison; about a third went to unstable or temporary  housing in shelters and transitional housing programs, motels, or on  the street; and fewer than half were in paid employment after 2 months.   Mass incarceration and the lingering effects of a criminal record  have a profound impact on families. From unemployment and financial  instability to eviction and hunger for families involved in our  criminal injustice system, incarceration is, quite literally, a shared  sentence.   As lawmakers, as mothers, as fathers, as brothers, as sisters, we can  and must do better.   My amendment would increase funds to support the Children of  Incarcerated Parents Program and help reduce the harms of parental  incarceration and alleviate generational trauma. In the wealthiest  Nation on Earth, we must ensure that all families can truly have a  second chance. Funding for these programs will help provide that.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment,  which would provide increased funding to support the DOJ's Community- Based Violence Prevention program. This program provides crucial  funding to tackle the epidemic of violence ravaging our communities.   In my district, the Massachusetts Seventh, this program supports the  Boston Public Health Commission's Violence Intervention and Prevention  Initiative. The VIP Initiative specifically operates in neighborhoods  severely impacted by gun violence but  [[Page H4939]]  maintains strong community infrastructure. Each neighborhood has its  own resident coalition that is coordinated by a local organization with  deep ties to the community.   VIP, like other similar programs, empowers communities by providing  the knowledge and resources necessary to create long-term solutions to  the persistent socioeconomic and systemic issues sustaining the public  health epidemic of gun violence.   Violence begets violence. Whether it is domestic violence, sexual  violence, gun violence, or gang and street violence, we must stop  treating it as an issue of law and order but, rather, invest in the  public and social needs of our most vulnerable people and communities.   My amendment will support initiatives that are led and informed by  the community to help stem the violence devastating our communities. It  centers those closest to the pain closest to the power and the  solutions.   Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   