 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler for his leadership  as we navigate this challenging time, not just for our committee and  Congress, but for our country.   It is with profound sadness that I stand here today in support of  these Articles of Impeachment.   President Trump's behavior is exactly what our Founders feared most.  They knew that with the awesome power of the Presidency came the risk  of a President abusing that power for personal gain.   They were particularly concerned about an executive who became  entangled with foreign governments, corrupted our elections, or sought  to avoid consequences for his own misconduct in office.   That is why they included impeachment in the Constitution: to protect  our Republic.   Our colleagues across the aisle have claimed that we are impeaching  the President because we don't like him, but this moment is about more  than disagreement with the President's policies or personality. Those  issues belong in the voting booth.   Our task here is not to judge the President himself. Instead, we must  judge his conduct and whether his actions have undermined our  Constitution.   The President has committed the highest of high crimes under our  Constitution. He used the highest office in our government and taxpayer  dollars to pressure a foreign country to interfere in our elections. He  undermined our national security.   When he got caught, he tried to cover it up, obstructing our  investigation and refusing to produce subpoenaed documents and  witnesses.   A government where the President abuses his power is not ``of the  people.''   A government where the President pressures a foreign country to  undermine our elections is not ``by the people.''   A government where the President puts his own interests before the  country is not ``for the people.''   This isn't complicated. You know it. I know it. The American people  know it.   President Trump's wrongdoing and the urgent threat that his actions  present to our next election and our democracy leaves us no principled  alternative but to support these Articles of Impeachment.   Our Constitution, our country, and our children depend upon it.   