 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his great work as the chair of the Budget Committee. He  knows better than all of us that our Federal budget should be a  statement of our national values and that what is important to us as a  Nation should be reflected in that budget. I thank Mr. Yarmuth for his  leadership and thank his staff for bringing this legislation to the  floor.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank Chairwoman Nita Lowey, the chair of the  Appropriations Committee, and her staff for the important work that  they did to help us get to the place we are today. That place is  bipartisan legislation which reflects an agreement that is bold,  bipartisan, and a victory for the American people.   I think we all agree, including the ranking member, that we all want  to reduce the deficit, so let us work in a bipartisan way. The national  debt, let's work in a bipartisan way to do that.   While we are at it, we may want to eliminate the vote on lifting the  debt ceiling each year as well because the full faith and credit of the  United States of America should never, ever be in question.   This agreement was reached, and it will meet the needs of the people  whom we are honored to represent, investing in middle-class priorities  that advance the health, financial security, and well-being of the  American people, and enhancing our national security.   Democrats have achieved priorities that we set out from the start.  Obviously, we have shared priorities.   We are permanently ending the threat of sequestration. That is a very  important measure. The administration has joined us to end the  devastating sequestration cuts that threaten our investments to keep  America number one in the global economy and, again, ensure our  national security.   We are also limiting offsets to half of what was originally proposed  to those that were accepted in an earlier bipartisan agreement.   We are taking action to avoid another government shutdown, which is  so harmful to meeting the needs of the American people and honoring the  work of our important men and women in our Federal workforce, and also  the collateral damage that a shutdown does to our economy.   We are securing robust funding for crucial domestic priorities, as I  said. We have always insisted on parity in increases between defense  and nondefense. We are pleased that our increase in the nondefense  budget actually exceeds the parity number on defense by $10 billion  over the next 2 years.   We are pleased to be able to say that we have secured an increase of  more than $100 billion in the budget cap for domestic priorities since  the President took office.   Finally, we are safeguarding the full faith and credit of the United  States of America by achieving a lifting of the debt limit until July  31, 2021. Perhaps between now and then, we can work in a bipartisan way  to address removing all doubt about whether the debt limit will be  increased.   It is important to note that this is not about future spending. This  is about paying for what we have invested in already.   It was essential that we reach agreement before the upcoming August  district work period because we were informed by the Secretary of the  Treasury that we might exhaust the full faith and credit during the  district work period in August.   We are pleased to have done so with an agreement that meets the needs  of America's families and our national security and achieves so many of  our priorities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong vote for this bill. As I said, we can  avoid the damage of sequestration and continue to advance progress for  the American people. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   