 Mr. Speaker, this evening, Congress will vote on a bill  I introduced, H.R. 920, the Venezuela Arms Restriction Act. This  bipartisan bill prohibits the export of defense articles and crime  control materials from the United States to the security forces of  Venezuela.   The United States should have no business selling these tools for  oppression to the Maduro regime, as it punishes and kills those who are  peacefully protesting and demanding a return to democracy.   Since Maduro usurped power in January, we have seen headline after  headline:   ``Maduro's Forces Kill, Injure Protestors as Standoff Over Aid in  Venezuela Escalates'';  [[Page H2769]]    ``Four Dead, Hundreds Detained After Venezuela Blackout''; and   ``Venezuela Security Forces Kill, Punish Anti-Maduro Protestors.''   A few weeks ago, I traveled to the Venezuela-Colombia border, where I  heard heartbreaking stories of friends and family members dying of  starvation and treatable diseases, all while a brutal dictator does  everything possible to prevent aid from being delivered.   I met with refugees at hospitals in Colombia and heard their  harrowing stories of being on the verge of death due to a lack of  medical care. There were a number of high-risk pregnancies as a result.   This is a humanitarian crisis that has bled through Venezuela's  borders, and it continues to grow.   This is personal for us in south Florida, where thousands of  Venezuelans who have fled the crisis now call home. We will continue to  push for TPS, because our response to this crisis must include  supporting our friends and neighbors in south Florida and around the  country.   Today, in addition to the Venezuela Arms Restriction Act, we will  vote on bills introduced by my south Florida colleagues to support the  people of Venezuela as they demand free and fair elections. We will  vote on bills to provide humanitarian aid directly to the Venezuelan  people and a bill targeting Russian influence in Venezuela and its  impact on the United States.    Today, Congress will not stand idly by as this humanitarian crisis  rages on. With the passage of the Venezuela Arms Restriction Act, we  will move one step closer to fulfilling our obligations to ensure that  no weapons originating in the United States are used to silence dissent  through intimidation, repression, and execution. Congress, today, will  affirm its commitment to the women and men of Venezuela who are  fighting for democracy and a brighter future.   