 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution  326, a resolution I drafted with Congressman Alan Lowenthal and  Congressman Gerry Connolly to express the support of Congress regarding  efforts to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through a  negotiated two-state solution.   For more than 20 years, U.S. Presidents from both political parties  and Israeli Prime Ministers have supported reaching a two-state  solution that establishes a Palestinian state living side by side with  Israel in peace and security. I am proud to have assisted in drafting  this important resolution, which affirms that commitment.   Our government's established decades-worth of commitment to a two- state solution in order to enhance stability and security in the Middle  East and to ensure the state of Israel's survival while addressing the  legitimate desires of the Palestinian people for a state of their own  reflects our fundamental dedication to promote peace.   This resolution builds on our ongoing commitment and our historic  alliance with Israel. I strongly support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 4, the Voting  Rights Advancement Act of 2019.   This bill restores the full power of the Voting Rights Act, after the  2013 Supreme Court decision in Shelby County v. Holder eviscerated it.  It will also restore critical voting protections to ensure that  discriminatory voter suppression laws do not block Americans from  participating in the electoral process.   The right to vote is fundamental to our democracy. During the civil  rights movement, courageous Americans fought in the courts, marched,  agitated, and gave the ``last full measure of devotion'' for all  Americans to be able to exercise their precious right to vote. The bill  includes provisions that promote transparency by mandating reasonable  public notice for voting changes. It also grants the Attorney General  the authority to request the  [[Page H9326]]  presence of federal observers anywhere in the country to prevent voter  suppression efforts and to address discrimination based on race in the  voting process. In addition, this bill authorizes a federal court to  order States or jurisdictions to be covered under the Act when there  are results-based violations, where the effect of a voting measure is  racial discrimination in voting and blocking citizens from utilizing  their right to vote.   For all these reasons and more, today, I am so proud to stand with my  colleagues and members of the Congressional Black Caucus in support of  the passage of H.R. 4, and want to send a special thank you to my  colleagues Congresswoman Terri Sewell and Congresswoman Marcia Fudge  who have fearlessly and brilliantly led this fight in the House of  Representatives.   