 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  2940, to extend the authorization for the Temporary Assistance for  Needy Families program and the Child Care Entitlements to States  program through the end of the 2019 fiscal year. This legislation will  ensure that families in my district continue to have access to the  important financial and social support offered by these programs.   We know that low-income workers face significant hurdles to economic  security. TANF is a critical tool for making sure that these families  can afford basic necessities like food, housing, and medicine. In fact,  over 11,000 families in Alabama currently receive assistance from TANF,  and more than 20,000 children benefit from this important program.   This bill will make sure that TANF recipients in Alabama receive the  $23.25 million that is expected to be allocated to the State in the  coming months.   This legislation also extends the Child Care Entitlement to States  program, an important tool as we fight to make sure all parents can  have access to affordable, quality childcare. Childcare is one of the  largest expenses facing families, and the matching funds included in  this program are important to support low-income workers and their  children.   I am pleased that this bill will unlock $10.2 million of funding for  childcare in Alabama to help meet the needs of children and families in  my district.   While I strongly support this bill, it should be noted that no one  thinks that this short-term extension of these programs is the perfect  solution. But it is critical that we maintain funding and provide  continuity for working families and children who depend upon TANF and  childcare grant funding.   It is my hope that we will continue to explore ideas to improve these  programs, including increasing funding levels for childcare support  grants and identifying ways that these programs can more effectively  help families in need.   I ask my colleagues to join us in supporting this short-term  extension of TANF and childcare entitlement programs, and I ask that  they support this bill going forward.   