 Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of H.R. 5377  and am an original cosponsor of this legislation.   I am going to put my full statement in the Record, but let me just  say a few things that are top-line--top-line--for my constituents.  There are over 200,000 constituents' households affected by this in my  congressional district.   Now, someone was talking about math. I think the original tax bill  was bad math. It charged $2 trillion to the national debt.   Fair? No. It was an assault on the middle class. Let's be perfectly  clear about this.   And what has the middle class done to anyone here? They are the  backbone of our country. They have four major things to deduct:  mortgage interest, SALT, charitable deductions, and health  expenditures.   So what did the Republicans' tax bill do? It screwed the middle  class, in plain English.   So this restores that deductibility, and they deserve to have it.   This bill is paid for. I think that is good math, and I think it is  fair.   I thank Mr. Thompson and the committee for the work that they have  done on it. Bravo to all of you, and thank you from my constituents.   Madam Speaker, as an original cosponsor of H.R. 5377, I rise in  strong support of the Restoring Tax Fairness for States and Localities  Act.   This legislation repeals the harmful cap on the State and Local Tax  (SALT) Deduction in 2020 and 2021 and fixes the marriage penalty in  2019 by doubling the SALT cap to $20,000 for married couples.   This is welcome relief to the nearly 200,000 of my constituents and  the millions of Americans who are no longer able to deduct the full  amount of State and Local Taxes they pay each year.   The 2017 Republican tax bill took a sledgehammer to the SALT  deduction by capping it at $10,000 annually for both single filers and  married couples, essentially an assault on the middle class, the  backbone of our country.   The SALT deduction is one of the few deductions in the federal tax  code that middle class families depend on, along with deductions for  medical expenses, charitable contributions, and mortgage interest.   Prior to this harmful cap, my constituents claimed an average annual  SALT deduction of $63,083 in 2017. More than half of all taxpayers in  my district claimed this credit in 201 7, and half of these taxpayers  earned between $75,000 and $100,00.   This legislation also doubles the educator expense deduction for  teachers and creates a new deduction for first responders for uniforms,  tuition and professional development.   These hardworking and dedicated professionals are part of the  foundation of our local communities and they deserve this much-needed  tax relief.   I urge my colleagues to vote YES on H.R. 5377.   