 Madam Chair, I would like to start by thanking my dear  friend and colleague, Ms. Foxx, the Republican leader of the House  Education and Labor Committee, for her tremendous work and leadership  on behalf of all American women and families.   Madam Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 7, the so- called Paycheck Fairness Act. This should be called the ``Pay the Trial  Lawyers Act.''   Madam Chair, my State of Wyoming launched the fight for women's  equality and rights when we became the first jurisdiction in the world  to grant women the right to vote 150 years ago. Here in this Chamber,  100 years ago, the House agreed that women should have the right to  vote on a national basis. Leaders of the women's suffrage movement were  fighting on behalf of women's rights. They were not fighting to provide  greater payouts to trial lawyers. We should honor those women, and the  generations of women who came after them, by defeating this sham bill.    The bill my Democratic colleagues have put on the floor today offers  no new protections for women in the workplace. It paints job creators,  many of whom in the Trump economy are increasingly women, as evil.  Republicans know that economic policies that generate growth, create  jobs, and increase wages benefit women and men. Our policies empower  women and facilitate the success of women-owned businesses, which  account for roughly 9 million jobs and $1.7 trillion in revenue.   Madam Chair, today's bill is just the latest example of the misguided  and damaging policies Democrats in this  [[Page H2849]]  body are attempting to pursue. They claim to be ``for the people,'' but  in the nearly 3 months that they have been in charge, they have  embraced socialism; they have enabled anti-Semitism; they have passed  legislation that violates the First Amendment and the Second Amendment;  and they have repeatedly refused to take steps necessary to protect the  lives of babies after those babies are born.   Now, Madam Chair, they are telling us they are fighting for women  when really they are simply fighting for trial lawyers. We have seen  this movie before. The Democrats are not really for the people. They  are for the government and for the special interest groups that support  them. The American people know better, and we deserve better.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote on this bill, and I call on my  Democratic colleagues to come together with us, to work with us, so  that we can actually make real progress for America's women and their  families.   