 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, let me start by thanking the chairman of  the Armed Services Committee, Adam Smith, my colleague, for his hard  work and leadership on this bill.   My amendment requires a series of independent studies to evaluate  potential cost savings with respect to our country's nuclear security  enterprise and force structure.   This amendment is a measured approach to ensuring that our military  spending meets our national security needs while making the best use of  every taxpayer dollar. It would require the Government Accountability  Office  [[Page H5738]]  to examine options for reducing service contracts, reducing the nuclear  security enterprise, rebalancing force structure, and reducing or  realigning our overseas presence.   It would also examine realistic, cost-effective ways to use pre-award  audits to negotiate better prices for weapons systems and services.   Additionally, it would require an updated and comprehensive series of  studies from Federally-funded research and development centers as well  as a nonpartisan, nongovernmental think tank. These would supplement  the GAO studies and look at cost savings resulting from alternatives to  current force structures and our nuclear posture.   Now, I know the other side is going to say that we have done these  studies; there is plenty of information out there. But the reality is  we operate in a different world, and we need an updated, comprehensive  study that deals with our current situation in the world.   Madam Chair, let me be clear that while I do have strong reservations  about the top-line spending level in this bill, my amendment would not  cut from the top line at all. Instead, it looks at ways that we can  make better policy choices; we can better allocate a limited set of  resources down the line.   So, in the long term, I believe our defense spending levels are  unsustainable, inefficient, and unnecessary. But we have to figure out  how to cut that logically, comprehensively, with our national security  in the center of that analysis.   So my amendment is a thoughtful solution to give us some of the data  we need. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Smith), the distinguished chairman of the Armed  Services Committee.    Madam Chair, I just want to say that this amendment is a  smart, thoughtful way to think about how we reduce military spending  over the long term without sacrificing national security.   And, Madam Chair, I don't understand when patriotism got linked to  how much money we give to defense contractors. That is not my idea of  patriotism.   Patriotism, to me, and protecting the troops means that we make sure  that we do not send them into harm's way unless absolutely necessary,  which means that we look at the threats of the future, we assess our  response to that, and we take care of our troops. This bill does that  in many, many, many, many ways.   I have squabbles, as you know, with the top-line spending number  because I don't believe that being patriotic means we just continue to  raise the amount of money that we give. I think we need to be  thoughtful and comprehensive about what our national security looks  like internationally.   And, Madam Chair, I also think that national security should mean how  we treat people here in this country. If we send troops overseas and  yet we cut their healthcare, we take away preexisting conditions for  their family members, we refuse to provide public education, that is  not helping our troops while they are overseas to worry about their  families.   So national security is a big picture conversation. It is not about  how much money we give to defense contractors.   This amendment is thoughtful. It says what we know about the future.   If a private corporation lost track of hundreds of millions of  dollars, its shareholders would find that completely unacceptable. The  reality is that we need to make sure we are thoughtful, and we should  pass this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   