 Madam President, I rise to address the Trump shutdown  and the real consequences that have occurred since 800,000 Federal  workers, including nearly 3,000 Wisconsinites, have been furloughed or  forced to work without pay.   The President said this week that his administration is setting  records. It is true that he now holds the record for the longest  government shutdown in our Nation's history, but every day that it  continues, the Trump shutdown is causing real pain for hard-working  people in my State.   I recently read the heartbreaking story of Mallory Lorge. Mallory  lives in River Falls, WI, and works for the Department of the Interior.  On Friday, Mallory, along with thousands of other Federal workers, did  not receive a paycheck. Mallory has type 1 diabetes. Without her  paycheck, she can't afford her $300 copay to get the insulin she needs  to manage her diabetes and stay alive. Mallory said she is rationing  the two vials of insulin she has left. Her blood sugar rose to a high  level last week, but she said she felt forced to ignore it. Instead,  she said, I just went to bed and hoped I would wake up.   Think about that for a minute. Because President Trump and the  Republicans in Congress refuse to support bipartisan legislation to end  this shutdown and reopen the government, Mallory can't afford to get  the insulin she needs to live. The House has done its job in passing  bipartisan legislation to end the shutdown. Now it is time for Senate  Majority Leader McConnell to stop blocking a vote in the Senate so that  we can fund the government.   We are 26 days into the Trump shutdown. It is not just hurting  Federal workers and contractors. It is also hurting small businesses  and entrepreneurs across the country. In Wisconsin, we make things-- cheese, brats, and, yes, beer. Milwaukee is often called Brew City, but  thanks to the government shutdown, there are craft brewers across our  State that can't make or sell new beer.   Russ Klisch is the President of Lakefront Brewery in Milwaukee.  Lakefront has been making beer in Wisconsin for more than 30 years. The  Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau approves licenses for new  beers and new breweries as well as labels for beers that are sent out  of State, but the Agency is not currently serving craft brewers due to  the Trump shutdown.   Lakefront Brewery has plans to introduce a brand-new beer in mid- February, but those plans are now on hold. This government shutdown  threatens to cut its beer sales and hurt its ability to grow its  business and support the economy. Other breweries across Wisconsin are  impacted as well.   Mosinee Brewing Company opened its doors just last November, but it  can't get approval to start making and selling its new beer until the  government reopens. New ``Made in Wisconsin'' beer is also on hold  until we reopen the government.   President Trump and Majority Leader McConnell can and should end this  shutdown today and ensure that Federal workers like Mallory can finally  get paid and so that small business owners like Russ can keep growing  their businesses.   We should vote in the Senate today on House-passed legislation, and  the President should sign it so we can finally end this useless  shutdown that is preventing our country from moving forward.   I yield the floor.   