 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for giving me this  opportunity to speak on this very important bill.   Rosie the Riveters who are left in this country deserve a  Congressional Gold Medal. In one of the most challenging periods of our  American history, women stepped up to serve this country. Six million  women entered the workforce for the first time during World War II,  offering to build weapons, vehicles, and ammunition that helped us win  the war.   The critical contributions of Rosie the Riveters changed the course  of world history and blazed a trail for today's working women. The  Rosies proved that they could work and succeed in jobs and industries  that had long been male-dominated. African American women challenged  stereotypes and policies of discrimination to contribute to the war  effort. Because of the Rosies, the U.S. Government worked with  businesses to develop support for working moms, like childcare  programs.   The famous image of Rosie the Riveter, sleeves rolled up, muscles  flexed, and a bandanna in place, has inspired generations of women and  girls to embody the strength, patriotism, and ``We Can Do It'' spirit  that radiates from the poster.   But even the iconic image can't do justice to the real-life Rosies  who took on the mantle of the war effort at home, defied expectations,  eradicated barriers to women's participation in the workforce, and made  victory possible. It has been one of the great honors of my career to  work closely with several of these women during my time in Congress.   Phyllis Gould went to welding school from 4 a.m. to 8 a.m. every day  for weeks to get a job working at a shipyard in California. She was one  of the first women accepted into the boilermakers union. At 97 years  old, Phyllis still works tirelessly to make sure we never forget the  sacrifices and the hard work that American women provided during World  War II.   Phyllis' sister, Marian Sousa, went to work at 17 years of age as a  draftsman in the shipyards in Richmond, California. Marian's volunteer  work at the Rosie the Riveter World War II Home Front National  Historical Park preserves the Rosie legacy for future generations.   Mae Krier went to work at Boeing Aircraft right out of high school,  helping to build B-17s and B-29 bombers. Today, she is one of the  foremost Rosie advocates in the country, fighting for recognition of  the tremendous wartime contributions of American women.   Betty Reid Soskin, park ranger at the Rosie the Riveter World War II  Home Front National Historical Park, worked as a file clerk in the  boilermakers' union hall. Today, she is the oldest national park ranger  in the country, dedicated to bringing the Rosies' trailblazing legacy  to life for visitors.   These Rosies are true American sheroes. It is long past time that  they and all the women who served on the home front during World War II  receive recognition from the country for which they sacrificed so much.  I urge my colleagues to stand with us in honoring our Rosie the  Riveters with a Congressional Gold Medal.   