 Mr. President, I come to the floor frustrated--frustrated  by the fact that it has been 327 days since President Trump signed the  USMCA, and the House has done nothing to take it up.   It is not because the House hasn't had time. They have found time to  do a lot of things, like continue on their partisan expedition toward  impeaching the President. They passed a bill without a pay raise for  our troops, spent a lot of ``energy'' on the Green New Deal, and one  Member of the House took the time to show the world she was frightened  by her garbage disposal.   The question is, What is preventing Congress from getting the USMCA  done?   From Humboldt County all the way to Hamburg, IA, at my townhall  meetings or during a visit to a small business or manufacturing plants  and everywhere in between, I have been hearing one thing consistently  and across the board: Iowans want the USMCA now.   These hard-working folks know the impact the USMCA will have on  Iowa's economy and the U.S. economy as a whole. There is no reason  Iowans should be waiting in limbo for this agreement to be ratified.   This trade agreement is a win for the American people, plain and  simple. Mexico has already ratified the deal, and Canada is well on  their way. Our trade partners are ready. The United States-Mexico- Canada Agreement is about modernizing a trade deal with two of our  closest allies that would grow more than 175,000 jobs across this  country.   NAFTA was ratified in 1994. That was 3 years before Wi-Fi became  available to the public, 5 years before USB drives were invented, 12  years before the launch of Facebook and Twitter, and 16 years before  computer tablets were on sale. None of us are living with 1994  technology, so why should we be living with a 1994 trade policy?  [[Page S6072]]    President Trump understands the need to modernize trade with two of  our closest allies, and that is why he negotiated a great trade deal  with Mexico and Canada--the USMCA. Passing the USMCA will allow us to  compete in today's 21st century economy. It will provide folks back  home in Iowa with some certainty--certainty in a time where prices have  been low and markets have been eroded from other trade wars.   Iowans want and need USMCA. Canada and Mexico are our States' top two  trading partners. In 2018 alone, we exported $6.6 billion worth of  products to our neighbors to the north and to the south. Trade with  Canada and Mexico directly increases the value of Iowan exports like  beef, adding $70 in value to each head that comes from the State.   In case you didn't know it, Mexico is the No. 1 consumer of Iowa  corn. I was up in Northwest Iowa a couple of weeks ago visiting with  one Iowa corn farmer, and he said that if we were able to get the USMCA  deal done, it would have a direct impact--positive--on his farm.   It is not just our farmers who will benefit from the USMCA; it is  also our businesses and our manufacturers. I was visiting with some  business leaders at a roundtable in Des Moines, and time and again they  told me how important it is that we get this trade deal done and in  place.   All of this leaves me scratching my head, wondering when the House is  going to do what Americans are demanding. When will they stop  obstructing the good work done by our President to get a deal in place?   House Democrats need to do their job so Iowa farmers, manufacturers,  and business owners can do theirs. Now is the time to pass the USMCA.   I yield the floor.   