 Madam President, I rise to speak about the flooding that  has devastated wide swaths of the Midwest in recent weeks.   A harsh winter, combined with unseasonably warm weather and heavy  rains, created conditions that overwhelmed much of our flood mitigation  infrastructure up and down the Missouri River and its tributaries. In  Iowa alone, the flooding has caused an estimated $1.6 billion in  damages. Thousands of homes have been damaged or destroyed, and nearly  250 miles of levees will need to be repaired or rebuilt. Thousands of  acres of farmland have been impacted, with there being losses to the ag  sector in excess of $200 million. Fremont County, which is our furthest  southwest county in the State of Iowa, has lost $7 million worth of  grain.   I spent much of last week on the ground in Iowa, visiting hard-hit  areas of the State and meeting with local, State, and Federal  officials. In my years as a member of the Iowa National Guard, I was on  the frontlines of several of our major flood events, including the 2008  Cedar Rapids flood and the 2011 Missouri River flood. I can tell you  that what I witnessed in this flood event was the worst flooding and  destruction that I have ever witnessed. The devastation is simply  incomprehensible, with the most severe damage being concentrated in  Iowa's western most counties.   I have spent most of my life in southwest Iowa. So this hits  particularly close to home for me. When I toured the affected  communities last week and this past Sunday, the folks I met with were  not just Iowans and not just constituents. Many of them were friends  whom I have known for a very long time. In this part of the State, down  there in southwest Iowa, I am just as likely to be called ``Joni'' as I  am ``Senator Ernst.'' It was heartbreaking to see what these folks have  gone through. Again, they are not just constituents. These people are  family and friends to me.   It will take a lot of hard work and determination to get our  communities back up on their feet. But do you know what, folks? Iowans  are a resilient people, and I know they are up to the task. Since the  first signs of trouble over a week ago, our State and local emergency  response teams have been working together seamlessly, around the clock,  to keep our Iowans safe.   I credit Governor Reynolds and her office for quickly gathering  damage assessments from all around the State in order to make a strong  case to the President that a Federal disaster declaration was  warranted. I also thank President Trump for recognizing the gravity of  the situation on the ground in Iowa and for swiftly approving our  request. Nearly 60 of Iowa's counties will now have access to much  needed Federal assistance.   In the near term, our focus is on recovery efforts, and I will do  everything in my power to make sure Iowans have every bit of the help  they need. We need to get our farms and small businesses back up and  running as soon as possible so Iowans can do what they do best, and  that is to work hard and take care of their families.   As we move forward, I intend to review the Army Corps of Engineers'  policies and closely examine how they were applied throughout this  flood event. It is important that we study and learn from events like  this so that we can try to prevent these types of devastating events  from happening again in our future.   Once again, I want to say what a heartbreaking and devastating event  this has been for so many of our Iowa counties, our Iowa families, and  our Iowa businesses. My thoughts and prayers are with each one of them  as we move through this event.   God bless you all.   Of course, God bless our great State of Iowa and our great United  States.   We are there for you. We are there with you.   I yield the floor.   