 Madam Speaker, today is day 26 of the Trump Shutdown.  Federal workers missed their first paycheck last Friday, and still  there is no end in sight to this cruel and senseless shutdown. It is  truly shameful that President Trump and Congressional Republicans are  so desperate to secure taxpayer funding for an irrational border wall  that they're willing to harm hardworking Americans and jeopardize  national security by shutting down the federal government.   This outrageous shutdown has furloughed 400,000 federal workers, and  it's forcing another 400,000 federal workers to work without pay. Among  those working without pay are 53,000 Transportation Security  Administration employees, more than 24,000 air traffic controllers and  other Federal Aviation Administration employees, 54,000 Customs and  Border Protection agents and customs officers, 42,000 service members  in the United States Coast Guard, 17,000 Bureau of Prisons correctional  officers, 14,000 FBI agents, and 6,000 Forest Service firefighters.   These dedicated public servants go to work every day for the American  people. These hardworking people keep us safe. They should not have to  worry about how they will keep a roof over their heads and feed their  families.   My congressional district is home to Los Angeles/International  Airport (LAX), the sixth busiest airport in the world and the third  busiest in the United States. In 2017, more than 84 million passengers  used LAX. All of these passengers depend upon the TSA's airport  security screeners and the FAA's air traffic controllers to get them to  their destinations safely.   The Trump shutdown doesn't just affect government employees. An  economic study in 2011 reported that operations at LAX generated  294,400 jobs in Los Angeles County with labor income of $13.6 billion  and economic output of more than $39.7 billion. The economic vitality  of Los Angeles County depends upon the safety and security of LAX and  the TSA and FAA employees who work there.   TSA employees are dedicated public servants who risk their lives  every day to keep our nation's airports and travelers safe. On November  1, 2013, a Transportation Security Officer named Gerardo Hernandez was  tragically killed in the line of duty during an active shooter incident  at LAX. He was the first TSA employee to be killed in the line of duty,  and my colleagues and I passed the bipartisan Gerardo Hernandez Airport  Security Act of 2015 in his honor. Our President has forgotten the  critical role these American patriots serve in our national security.   Today, at LAX and airports throughout the country, Transportation  Security Officers like Gerardo Hernandez are working without pay.   The Trump Shutdown is endangering public safety, national security,  and the livelihoods of the people whose job it is to protect us.   Democrats want to end this shutdown now. On Day One, the new  Democratic House of Representatives passed Senate Republican  legislation to end the Trump Shutdown and re-open government. Despite  the Republicans' relentless obstruction, Democrats have continued to  take further action to re-open government, passing individual Senate  Republican appropriations bills to re-open all government agencies.   American families and workers should not be punished because of a  policy disagreement in Washington, D.C. Donald Trump should stop  holding the safety, security, and paychecks of workers in my district,  and throughout the country, hostage. He must re-open the government  immediately.   