 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for giving us this opportunity to protect and defend the  Constitution of the United States, which is our oath of office.   Let me salute the chairs of the committees of jurisdiction who have  led us down this path of great respect for law, precedent, and the oath  we take: Congresswoman Maxine Waters, Congressman Cummings, Congressman  Nadler, Congressman Richard Neal, and Congressman Eliot Engel, all of  whom have been fighting the fight and gathering the facts to protect  and defend our Constitution.    The oath of office that we take is why we are on the floor today, to  hold Attorney General of the United States Barr and former White House  Counsel McGahn in civil contempt for their refusal to comply with  Congress' subpoenas. We must follow the facts and uncover the truth for  the American people.   At the birth of our democracy, amid war and revolution, Thomas Paine  said the times have found us. We are here today because the times have  found us. While we do not place ourselves in the same category of  greatness as our Founders, we do recognize the urgency of the threat to  our Nation that we face today.   This body has a solemn duty, Mr. Speaker, to protect and defend our  democracy, honoring the oath we take and the Constitution that is the  foundation of our freedom. That Constitution begins with our beautiful  preamble, ``We the People.''   Immediately following those words of the preamble is Article I,  establishing a Congress in which ``all legislative Powers herein  granted are vested.''   The Founders conferred upon the first branch responsibilities that  are sweeping in scope. We set an agenda. We hold the power of the  purse. We write the laws that all of us are bound by, including the  President of the United States and those who surround him.   Fundamental to those responsibilities is oversight of the executive  branch and all the areas essential to the well-being of the American  people.   Oversight is our institutional duty, to ensure against the abuse of  power, protect the rule of law, and expose the truth for the people who  are ``the only legitimate fountain of power,'' in the words of James  Madison.   To conduct that oversight, the Congress is both constitutionally  obligated and legally entitled to access and review materials from the  executive branch, which it can subpoena.   Yet, the President and the administration have shown an unprecedented  and unjustifiable refusal to furnish Congress with that information.  President Trump himself has said, ``We're fighting all the subpoenas,''  and, ``I don't want people testifying,'' and, ``No do-overs.''   His administration has employed every tool it can find to obstruct  legitimate committee oversight, everything from witness intimidation to  blanket stonewalling to spurious claims of executive privilege,  absolute immunity, and lack of legislative purpose.   This obstruction violates decades of established legal precedent.  Throughout our history, the courts have made absolutely clear that the  House has the authority to follow the facts to uncover the truth for  the American people and that ``the power of the Congress to conduct  investigations is inherent in the legislative process.''   Our oversight responsibility continues to be resoundingly affirmed in  the courts again and again. Last month, the U.S. District Court for the  District of Columbia ruled in the Mazars court decision that ``there  can be little doubt that Congress' interest in the accuracy of the  President's financial disclosures falls within the legislative  sphere.''   That same week, the judge ruled in the Deutsche Bank case that  Congress' ``subpoenas are all in service of facially legitimate  investigative purposes.''   The administration's obstruction not only violates long-established  precedent, but it also endangers our very democracy. We need answers on  the many questions left unanswered by the Mueller report, which made  clear that the Russians waged an all-out attack on our democracy, and  the Mueller report documented 11 instances of obstruction from the  White House itself.   This is a grave threat to our democracy, but the President calls it a  ``hoax'' and refuses to protect our democracy. Why is that? We take an  oath to protect our Constitution from all enemies, foreign and  domestic. What the White House and the administration are doing is a  danger and a threat to our democracy.   At the same time, the administration's campaign of stonewalling  extends far beyond the Mueller report. The administration is obscuring  the truth behind its disastrous policy decisions, from attacking  Affordable Care Act coverage for millions of Americans, including those  with preexisting conditions, taking it to court to overturn it while  saying to the American people that it supports preexisting conditions  coverage; to tearing apart vulnerable immigrant families at the border;  to stealing military funds for an ineffective, wasteful border wall; to  rolling back key civil rights protections for women, LGBTQ Americans,  and people of color. The list goes on and on.   In court, they also tried to defend their abuse of power when it  comes to the Census, which the Constitution is very clear about, that  every 10 years the people of the country will be enumerated. They want  to put a citizenship phrase in there to put a chilling effect on our  getting an accurate count.   The well-being of the American people and the integrity of our  democracy are imperiled by this brazen behavior. Senator McConnell  declares ``case closed,'' enabling this campaign of blanket,  unprecedented obstruction.   We see the obstruction in this House to trying to uphold our  proceedings, but we have the votes to proceed. The United States Senate  has a responsibility to protect and defend the Constitution, but they  are ignoring that. As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility to  honor our oath of office  [[Page H4416]]  and strengthen the institution in which we serve for the people.   We have a responsibility under the vision of our Founders and the  text of the Constitution to ensure that the truth is known. No one is  above the law. Everyone will be held accountable, including the  President of the United States.   The people's House will continue to fight to make the truth known for  the American people and will defend Congress' role under Article I.    I urge a strong bipartisan vote for this resolution to hold Attorney  General Barr and former White House Counsel McGahn in civil contempt  for their refusal to comply with Congress' subpoenas and to honor the  oath of office that they take.   I urge an ``aye'' vote.   