 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I stand today with my colleagues  on the Democratic side of the aisle to talk about the real impacts of  climate change.   Climate change is real. It is happening in our communities, and it is  harming our country. It is impacting our economy, and it is threatening  the future of our kids.   You can see it clearly in my home State of Nevada. The last 4 years  have been the hottest ever on record, and we are on track to break that  record again in 2019. In Nevada, we are seeing longer, more dangerous  heat waves, prolonged droughts, and more severe wildfire seasons. Just  this past year, more than 660,000 acres of private, Bureau of Land  Management, and U.S. Forest Service land burned in 138 fires starting  in June of 2018. The biggest fire in our State's history and also one  of the biggest in our country's history happened just this past year.  The Martin Fire burned more than 439,000 acres. That is an area about  five times the size of Las Vegas.   I have heard from Nevada ranchers who are facing the tough choice to  abandon the land their families have worked for generations due to the  cost of recovery and the threat of even worse fire seasons. I have met  with parents in Las Vegas and Reno who are worried about the impact  that worsening air quality, because of climate change and these  wildfires, will have on the health of their children.   It is not happening just in Nevada; throughout our country, Americans  are being displaced and communities are being ravaged by devastating  hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, and floods that are causing millions  of dollars in damage to homes, businesses, and local economies.  Worldwide, carbon emissions levels reached a record high last year,  increasing 3.1 percent in the United States alone, despite evidence  that high emissions are driving changes in our climate and fueling  extreme weather patterns. Yet this administration and the Republican  leader have done nothing to act despite overwhelming support from  Americans who want us to protect our planet and our communities.   In my home State, Nevadans know the stakes. In 2016, Colorado College  polled voters in six Western States about their views on climate  change. At the time, 58 percent of Nevadans expressed concerns that  climate change was a serious problem. In January, Nevadans were polled  again. This time, almost 75 percent of Nevadans expressed serious  concerns about climate change. That is a 16-percent jump in 3 years and  comes months after 60 percent of Nevadans supported a ballot initiative  to expand Nevada's renewable energy portfolio to 50 percent by 2030.   Across the country, Americans are worried about the impacts of  pollution and carbon emissions on our climate, health, and our economy.  They have seen the harm it has caused just over the last decade, and  they are afraid it is getting worse.   You don't have to look far to see that our climate is changing. It is  already happening in our own backyards. We have the evidence. There is  scientific consensus. This isn't a fringe theory or a hypothesis asking  to be debunked; it is a serious crisis that must be met with serious  action. It is clear to younger generations of Americans who  [[Page S1966]]  actually walked out of schools this month to demand climate action from  their representatives in Washington.   Despite overwhelming evidence that climate change is currently  threatening our country, Leader McConnell and this administration are  sitting on their hands. This administration has repeatedly tried to  scrub climate change information from Federal Agency websites,  supported Agency officials with deep ties to fossil fuel industries,  and pulled the United States out of a critical international agreement  that we need to collectively work together to avert climate disaster.   In the Senate, instead of working to find bipartisan solutions to one  of our country's greatest threats, Leader McConnell is setting up a  vote designed to be nothing more than a political stunt. My Democratic  colleagues and I take the threat of climate change seriously. We won't  support the Republican leader's newest political game to address  climate change. We call it a sham vote. This isn't a vote about  legislation; it is a cynical attempt to distract from the challenge  confronting our country.   The fact is, Democrats all agree that we need to take urgent action  to protect our environment and avert climate catastrophe. Senate  Democrats have put forth many new ideas on how to grow our economy and  support American prosperity, while addressing our world's growing  climate crisis. We would be happy to work with our colleagues to debate  them on the floor.   From my seat on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I  am continuing to fight for legislation to tackle climate change by  supporting renewable energy production, protecting workers, and  creating good-paying, green jobs in Nevada and across the country.   I call on Leader McConnell and my Republican colleagues: If you are  serious about addressing climate change, then join us. Senate Democrats  will continue to fight for commonsense policies that reduce our  dependence on fossil fuels and combat climate change, and we will  continue to call on our colleagues across the aisle to work with us to  tackle this challenge in both the House and Senate.   Democrats are working every day to craft smart and effective policies  that will help safeguard our planet and help grow our economy. By  forcing a vote now, Senator McConnell is denying us all the chance to  come together to craft bipartisan, comprehensive climate change  legislation through the legislative process. The American people want  action now.   I won't stand for Republican leaders using this vote in a cynical  attempt to divide Democrats and stall progress. I intend to keep my  promise to fight on this issue and to protect the most vulnerable and  marginalized, who often bear the brunt of the effects of unchecked  climate change.   The American people continue to speak out for action on climate  change, and Senate Democrats will keep fighting because our planet and  our future depend on it.   I yield the floor.   