 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I commend the chairwoman of the Financial  Services Committee and the committee's efforts to support exports in  renewable energy and energy-efficiency technology.   My amendment makes clear that when it comes to supporting domestic  businesses exporting green energy technology, electric vehicles need to  be near the top of that list. It quite simply states that ``energy  efficiency'' includes electric vehicles as well as the batteries and  the charging infrastructure needed to make them move.   Electric vehicles are good for the environment; they are good for the  economy; and they are good for our national security. Zero-emission  electric vehicles will help combat the climate crisis. Since  transportation accounts  [[Page H8868]]  for 15 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions, electric vehicles  are critical for the future of clean energy.   Electric vehicles also present a huge opportunity for the U.S.  economy. We now know that 4 million jobs in the auto industry are  reliant on us continuing to build new innovation. We will lose hundreds  of thousands of jobs if we don't recognize the importance of building  more electric vehicles. The global market will be a strong growth  sector, and letting the rest of the world beat us out will cost us  mightily in economic prosperity and domestic manufacturing.   Though the United States was home to the first highway-ready all- electric car, the Tesla Roadster, Chinese competitors have outpaced us  and are poised to dominate the market. China sells half of all electric  vehicles in the world, while the United States sells a mere 10 percent.   The figures for domestic battery production are even more stark.  China controls a whopping 75 percent of global battery capacity, 15  times more than our 5 percent. Because batteries will be the backbone  of the 21st century economy, they are essential to our national  security.   For a future of clean energy and a thriving automotive industry, I  ask you to support this amendment. And I am proud to be soon  introducing comprehensive legislation to incentivize electric vehicle  use and production and stimulate American jobs.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Michigan  (Mr. Kildee).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I like the fact that we are speaking the  same language. It is wonderful to have that opportunity. I look forward  to working with the gentleman on the other side of the aisle on the  legislation that I am about to introduce. We might see some bipartisan  work here.   This is about green jobs. That is what this amendment is all about.  We have to secure the jobs for the rest of this century in the auto  industry, and we are not going to do it unless we move into electric  vehicles.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   