 Madam President, I rise to discuss climate change, which  is a great crisis currently facing our country and our planet.   Let me start with a statement that is sometimes controversial in this  Chamber: I believe in science.   Here are three simple scientific facts: Climate change is real; it is  caused by humans; and we are running out of time to fix our troubles.   Here are three more scientific facts: The ocean and the air are  getting hotter; storms are getting stronger; and flooding is getting  worse.   These facts are widely accepted throughout the world, but the  President and Senate Republicans refuse to acknowledge these basic  truths. Together, they routinely dismiss the impacts of climate change  and deny the clear evidence that we must take action. They refuse even  to say the words  [[Page S1968]]  ``climate change.'' That is not leadership.   Here is the thing about the facts: Refusing to believe them doesn't  mean that they will go away. While a small handful--a tiny minority--of  my colleagues across the aisle acknowledge that maybe climate change is  real, they say that actually doing anything about it would just be too  expensive, that the problem is too big to solve, and that we should  just give up now--close our eyes and plug our ears again.   Yet ignoring our problems has a much bigger price tag than the  commonsense solutions we should already be pursuing. Our coasts are  threatened by ever-stronger storms that can destroy our homes and  devastate our largest cities. Our food supplies and forests are  threatened by an endless barrage of droughts and wildfires. Even our  naval bases are under attack, not by enemy fleets but by rising sea  levels.   To my Republican colleagues, I say that our biggest problems have to  be our top priorities. Instead of protecting big fossil fuel companies  that continue to guzzle the polluting fuels of the past, we need bold  vision and forward-looking leadership. I support a green new deal that  will aggressively tackle climate change, income inequality, and racial  injustice. I thank my colleague and my friend and good partner, Senator  Markey, for leading the fight on this issue.    This is not the first time America has faced a so-called impossible  challenge. Over half a century ago, President Kennedy said: ``No nation  which expects to be the leader of other nations can expect to stay  behind in this race for space.'' He added that ``we mean to lead it.''   President Kennedy challenged our Nation to lead the space race, and  less than 7 years later Neil Armstrong set foot on the moon. The  impossible had become a reality, and America had led the way.   It is time not only to challenge our country to tackle climate change  head-on but also to lead the world in doing so. If we do not lead, then  others will. China and other countries will win the race to define the  green economy of the future, and we will lose those jobs forever.   I don't accept the Republicans' argument that boldly addressing  climate change and having the world's strongest economy are somehow  incompatible. The exact opposite is true. Tackling our climate  challenges will provide us with the opportunity to grow our economy and  to protect public health. We can propel the United States to become the  world leader in green innovation in the 21st century. We can address  climate change and strengthen our economy by making major upgrades to  our crumbling infrastructure, by building more resiliency along our  coasts and rivers, by constructing more renewable energy, and by  promoting policies that will spur new innovative research. These  investments will protect our planet and will create good jobs with  living wages, strong benefits, and safe working conditions.   It is time for new ideas, not old ideology. It is time for innovative  research, not tired rhetoric. It is time for groundbreaking science,  not political stunts. It is time to roll up our sleeves and get to work  on climate solutions because this crisis is upon us, and it is time to  act.   I yield the floor.   