 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Washington  for that personal story, and I am sorry for her loss of a former staff  member. I think that story is a good place to start because this isn't  just about an isolated bill passing in one State. This is actually part  of a greater effort.   As you look at what this administration has been trying to do since  day one, defunding Planned Parenthood--OK, well, that is where one out  of five women in their lifetime will go to seek healthcare for things  like cancer screenings and for things like contraception. You look at  the fact that over the span of the last administration, we actually  reduced abortions to the lowest level in recorded history. That is a  [[Page S2991]]  good thing. People who are personally opposed to abortion or people who  are pro-choice can agree that that is a good thing. Why did that  happen? Because contraception was available. Why did that happen?  Because healthcare was available that allowed, with more ease, women to  access contraception. So now what do we have? We have three things  going on. These restrictive laws that literally put doctors in prison  for 99 years is what I will talk about today. We have an effort to  defund Planned Parenthood and to reduce access to contraception as a  result. Then we have an effort--a major effort--to repeal the entire  Affordable Care Act, which would allow women to be kicked off of their  healthcare insurance if they have a preexisting condition. Before that  act came into law, in eight States, being a victim of domestic abuse  was considered a preexisting condition. So do not see these laws that  were just passed in these States and are being considered in these  States as isolated. Look at it as a complete package, and it is not a  package that the women of this country want to get in the mail.   I have always believed that a woman's most personal and difficult  medical decisions should be made with her doctor and her family and  that those decisions should not be undermined or politicized by  Government officials. But that is exactly what we are seeing today. In  the last few months, an alarming number of States have passed laws to  limit a woman's ability to seek reproductive healthcare services.  Kentucky, Ohio, Mississippi, and Georgia have all recently passed  measures that basically amount to a ban on abortion. Just last week,  Alabama passed a bill that effectively and in writing banned abortion  completely. The bill which passed the Alabama State Senate--by the way,  without a vote of a single woman senator--would allow a doctor who  performed an abortion to be sent to jail for 99 years. The Alabama  law's only exception is if a woman's life is at risk. It does not even  include an exception for incidents of rape or incest. So what does this  mean? Well, if your kid is in college and gets brutally raped, it means  that she would not have a choice about whether or not she would carry a  baby. That is what that law says in Alabama. And if a doctor  intervened, if a doctor wanted to help in that State, he would be sent  to prison for 99 years--or up to 99 years. This is not something I am  making up or exaggerating; this is what this bill that passed one of  the States and is similar to bills in other States actually says.    What we are seeing, of course, is wrong and unconstitutional. These  bills directly infringe on a woman's right to make her own medical  decisions and the precedent that the Supreme Court set in Roe v. Wade,  which has been affirmed many times over the last 46 years.   You wonder where the public is on this? Seventy-three percent of  Americans do not believe that Roe v. Wade should be reversed. In my  State, I have people who are pro-choice, and I have people who are pro- life. I have people who personally believe they do not want to have an  abortion; however, they don't think that their views should dictate  what happens to their neighbors. That is the problem. That is the nub  of the problem with what is going on in these States.   The precedent in Roe is clear, but these lawmakers have decided that  they want to take away a woman's basic right to make a personal  healthcare decision. In fact, they are passing these bills with the  hope that it goes to the Supreme Court where this administration has  placed judges on that Court where there is a lot of hope, with the  people who are passing these restrictive laws, that they are going to  overturn Roe v. Wade.   After signing the new abortion ban into law, the Governor of Alabama  released a statement in which he said the sponsors of this bill believe  it is time, once again, for the U.S. Supreme Court to revisit this  important matter, and they believe this act may bring about ``the best  opportunity for this to occur.''   So don't tell me this is just one legislature deciding they are going  to do something other people in this Chamber on the other side of the  aisle don't agree with. No. No. No. This has been an effort that has  been going on for years. This is an effort that is going on during an  administration with a President that, in a townhall meeting in March of  2016, said that he thought women should be punished for making that  decision. A few hours later, his campaign tries to dial it back with  the statement: No, he meant that doctors should be punished.   This is not just an isolated incident, which is why so many of my  colleagues have taken to the floor today. We can have individual  disagreements, and we can have our own personal beliefs, but as elected  officials, we must follow the Constitution of the United States.  Overturning Roe isn't just unconstitutional. As I said, it is against  the wishes of the vast majority of the people in this country.   In the last few years, as I have noted, we have seen an assault on  women's access to care. We have seen it with the attempt to defund  Planned Parenthood, even though, during the Obama administration, we  saw a historic decrease in abortions. According to a CDC study  conducted between 2006 and 2015, abortion rates fell to historic lows  near the end of the Obama administration.   What should we be doing? Well, we should be providing more access to  healthcare services, comprehensive health education, and contraception,  not less. We should ensure that women are equipped with the knowledge  and resources they need to make informed healthcare decisions.   In the Senate, I have fought back against efforts to undermine the  ability of a woman to make choices about her own health. I have  cosponsored the Women's Health Protection Act, important legislation  led by Senator Blumenthal, to prohibit laws intended to restrict  women's access to reproductive health services, and I look forward to  cosponsoring this bill again when it is reintroduced.   I thank Senator Murray for her leadership over her many, many years  in this area. It is our responsibility to treat women in every State in  this Union with respect and dignity, instead of using them as political  pawns.   I join my colleagues in condemning these recent efforts to restrict  women's access to healthcare services, and I will continue working to  protect the health and lives of women across the country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   