 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 3055.   Across the country, insufficient rural broadband access is creating a  divide between those who are connected and those who are not. That is  why my amendment increases funding for the USDA's ReConnect Program by  $55 million, representing a 10 percent increase over last year's  funding.   According to the FCC's 2019 Broadband Deployment Report, one in four  rural Virginians lacks access to high-speed internet. This digital  divide can lead to consequences that impact educational and economic  opportunities across our rural communities. This figure is even more  stark when you hear from those affected.   Earlier this year, I sent out a survey to learn more about how the  lack of reliable broadband internet is directly impacting the people I  serve here in the House of Representatives. I received more than 100  responses in a short amount of time from families, students, and  business owners across our district. Take, for example:   Regina from Louisa, who says that the lack of consistent, reliable  internet services hinders everything her family does, from receiving  reliable emergency notifications to paying their bills in a timely  fashion;   Jasmine from Spotsylvania takes online classes at home, but the lack  of access to broadband internet has barred her from accessing  assignments that she needs to complete in order to obtain her degree;  and   Robyn from Amelia County, who works on her family's beef and cattle  farm, says: ``When the internet is down, I can't do simple things like  process payments, send liability payments, or check the radar for our  guys out in the fields.''   For every Regina, Jasmine, and Robyn, there are hundreds of thousands  of Americans with similar stories. To level the playing field for our  rural residents, we need to make sure broadband internet is a component  of our national conversation about infrastructure. That is why I  believe we need to expand existing programs such as USDA's ReConnect  Program.   This program allows communities to apply for Federal funding to  strengthen and expand their regional broadband infrastructure, but the  current scope of these programs is insufficient to meet the scale of  the challenge and the demand. In the first round of ReConnect Program  grant applications this year, USDA saw a nearly 3-to-1 ratio in  application funding requested versus the actual amount of funding  available.   My amendment would increase the funding for the USDA ReConnect  Program from $550 to $605 million, and I am proud to lead this  bipartisan effort to provide greater connectivity to rural America.   This extra $55 million is not the magic solution, but it demonstrates  that one of our priorities here in Congress is to keep our rural  communities strong; and when rural America is strong, it makes our  country as a whole even stronger.   By helping our rural neighbors close the broadband gap, we are  allowing the rural communities to attract new businesses, spur economic  growth, and give their kids an equal opportunity to succeed in a  global, hyperconnected economy.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Bishop).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   