 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation.   Let me thank Speaker Pelosi, Chairman Nadler, Chairwoman Lofgren,  Lucille Roybal-Allard, and Yvette Clarke for all their work on this  legislation.   Today, because of Donald Trump's anti-immigration policies, millions  of immigrants across the country live in constant fear that they will  face deportation and potentially be separated from their families.  Among these immigrant communities are recipients of TPS, or temporary  protected status, or DED, deferred enforced departure.   The portions of this bill I authored say, if you have been here in  the U.S. for 3 years and have been here since January 2017, then you  can apply for legal permanent residence and, from there, pursue  citizenship.   When we talk about our TPS and DED populations, we are talking about  some of our most vulnerable neighbors. These are people who fled  natural disasters or political violence. They came here with the  heartfelt belief that the words inscribed at the base of the Statue of  Liberty, ``Give me . . . your huddled masses yearning to breathe  free,'' are not a hollow tourist attraction.    Those words are a sacred American compact, etched into the character  of our Nation. And, today, as we launch Immigrant Heritage Month, House  Democrats are going to prove to the Dreamers, TPS recipients, and those  in the DED program the words on the base of the statue are a promise we  will honor.  [[Page H4276]]    Madam Speaker, those in the TPS community are our neighbors. The  average TPS recipient has been in the Nation for two decades, and  almost a third arrived in the U.S. younger than age 18; they have built  entire lives here, many have American-born children.   Deporting them will be cruel; it will be inhumane; it will cause  enormous economic disruption; and it would not be the America that we  love and that we know. We cannot let that happen.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to do what they know is  right. Vote ``yes'' on this bill. Let's send a strong message to the  world that we recognize that immigrants make America America.   