 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from  Detroit, Michigan, for yielding time to me.   Madam Speaker, you heard it just a moment ago, those words from the  Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: ``Injustice anywhere is injustice  everywhere.'' That is why I am so proud to support this historic  legislation that will be on this floor tomorrow, H.R. 5, the Equality  Act, that will truly provide equality for members of the LGBTQ  community.   Now, many people might argue, Madam Speaker, that we have made  important strides against prejudice over the last few years, and it has  been amazing. We have had States pass legislation outlawing  discrimination based on a person's sexual orientation. Likewise, we  have had Federal courts that have ruled that discrimination based on  someone's sexual orientation or gender identity is illegal under  existing laws. Yet tens of millions of Americans live in areas where  these laws have not been passed and Federal courts have not made the  same determination.   H.R. 5 is the remedy for making sure that we don't have this  checkerboard of rights and checkerboard of discrimination among our  LGBTQ community.   My district of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the Fourth Congressional  District of Wisconsin, is notable to mention here. LGBTQ youth, in  particular, face significant obstacles and barriers because of their  LGBTQ identification.   We have 500 youth in my district who are homeless, and more than 40  percent of them identify as LGBTQ, many permanently homeless because  they have been abandoned by their families and turned out onto the  streets.   To add to their distress, the overly represented LGBTQ youth in the  foster care system in Milwaukee and around the country face huge  disparities in treatment and higher rates of harassment than their non- LGBTQ peers.   There are many foster care organizations that are turning away  potential loving families and homes based on discriminatory practices  even though LGBTQ couples are seven times--did you hear me, Madam  Speaker?--seven times as likely to adopt and are more likely to adopt  minority children or disabled children as compared to heterosexual  couples.   Here is what we know. Every child wants a loving home. Trans people,  like all people, just want to be treated like people.   For these reasons, and so many others, I fully support H.R. 5, and I  look forward to voting for it tomorrow.   I applaud our leadership's commitment to protecting our LGBTQ  community and all communities from pernicious forms of hate and harm of  discrimination.   We are all in this together, Madam Speaker. And in order to protect  all of our rights, we ought to remember the oath that we take as we  stand under this ``e pluribus unum''--``out of many, one.''   