 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to join again my  colleagues to speak of the need for bipartisan action to address  climate warming.   Throughout the past year, we have received warning after warning  about the warming and about the devastating consequences of climate  change that are coming much sooner than some people actually expected.   I remember when I first got to the Senate. I was part of the  Environment Committee, and we had military leaders come to speak. We  had scientists, and they basically predicted everything that we have  seen coming, from the wildfires in the West to the rising ocean levels,  to weird weather events like more tornadoes, to the type of flooding  that we are seeing in the Midwest as we speak and the type of flooding  we have seen in Florida as a result of hurricanes.   They also talked about the economic consequences of this. I think it  is really important that people don't see this as environment versus  economics. If we do nothing, the economics are bad. If we do nothing,  we are going to continue to see homeowners' insurance increase, like we  have nationwide--a 50-percent increase in the last 10 years.   If we do something and we do it right and we do it smartly, we are  going to see a bunch of new jobs in the field of green energy. We are  going to see more solar. We are going to see more wind. We are going to  see a whole new industry of an electric grid and things that we need to  do to bring down greenhouse gases and be a leader once again in energy  for the world.   Last October, the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate  Change issued a special report explaining the potential impact of  climate change if the Earth warms 1.5 degrees Celsius above historic  global temperature levels dating back to before the Industrial  Revolution started. That report predicted that in just over 20 years,  we could see even more of what we have seen this last year: persistent  drought, food shortages, worsening wildfires, and increased flooding-- damage that could cost an estimated $54 trillion.   Then, in November, the ``Fourth National Climate Assessment'' issued  a special report that concluded that without significant global efforts  to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, climate change will threaten the  health and safety of people, will slow economic growth, will damage our  Nation's infrastructure, which we are seeing right now in the Midwest,  and will impede the production of energy and food.   Finally, in January of this year, the U.S. Department of Defense  released a report on the effects of a changing climate to U.S. military  installations and their operational viability. All of these experts-- yes, scientists, and, yes, military leaders--have made it clear that  inaction is not an option for our economy, for our environment, for our  country, or for our world.   Military and security experts have repeatedly reminded us that  climate change is a threat to our national security. Look at the  examples of refugees coming up from Africa--people who used to be  subsistence farmers who no longer can make their livings. They used to  eek by, which was not easy, but now they are moving up; they are moving  to Europe. That is just one example of what we are seeing.   I am from a State of refugees. Our refugees are a major part of our  economy, but we know we want to have a sensible refugee policy and that  we can't have sudden droves of people moving up because of  environmental catastrophes that are going on in their countries. Yet we  are going to see more and more and more of that. At some point, we have  to realize, you know what, we want thriving economies in Africa; we  want thriving economies throughout the world; and climate change is  going to be an impediment to that.   If you want to close your eyes to the rest of the world and pretend  it is not happening, it is going to come knocking at your door. It is  what is going to keep happening if we don't do something about climate  change. There will  [[Page S2021]]  be more severe weather--heat waves that could reduce our water supply,  extreme rainfall that could damage critical infrastructure, a decrease  in agricultural productivity that could threaten, in my State alone, a  $20 billion ag industry, which ranks fifth in the Nation. We cannot  close our eyes to climate change because it is happening right now  around us.   That is why it is all the more disappointing that the Senate has  failed to seriously consider legislation that would address climate  change. I have been here for these close calls. When I first came to  the Senate, we were so close to getting a renewable electricity  standard put in place nationwide. I had a bill that would have done  that. It would have been combined with the renewable fuel standard, and  I think it would have been a good way to have brought people in from  both parties, from both sides of the aisle, and from all parts of the  country. I remember standing in the back of this Chamber with Senator  Cantwell, bemoaning the fact that we were just one vote short of  getting it done. That was over a decade ago.   Meanwhile, yes, States are taking action. With our having a  Republican Governor at the time, Tim Pawlenty, my State was able to get  a renewable electricity standard put in place--something like 20 to 25  percent by 2025--and we are making that. We wouldn't have made it if we  had not set a goal, which, at that time, seemed bold, and we did it on  a bipartisan basis--with Democrats, Republicans, and the legislature.  We combined it politically with a renewable fuel standard so it would  get some of our farmers and other people on board. We had two  provisions in there--a strong renewable electricity standard and a  strong renewable fuel standard, with a Republican Governor leading the  way. Why? We could see ahead. We could see the effect climate change  would have on our outdoor economy. We could see the effect it would  have on hunting and fishing and recreation in our State.   Here is what happened. We barely missed doing something on the  renewable electricity standard. Then President Obama got elected, and  we were in the middle of a downturn. I had actually hoped we would have  moved on renewable electricity, but the decision was made to go with  cap and trade. I supported cap and trade. In the end, despite its  passing in the House, we couldn't get the votes in the Senate, in part,  because we were in the middle of a downturn.   Since then, we have done a few things on energy efficiency, which  have been good, that Secretary Chu called the low-hanging fruit. We  have done some things in the farm bill with conservation, with the  sodsaver provision that I have with Senator Thune, but we haven't done  anything that significantly makes a difference.   Instead, the administration has taken us out of the international  climate change agreement, which means we are the only country in the  world that isn't in it. When the President first made his announcement,  Syria and Nicaragua were not in it. Now they are. This is not what  leadership is when we are the only country that is not part of this  agreement. No, that is not what leadership is, and it certainly impedes  our doing business around the world when it comes to green energy.   Other countries can go in there and ask: Why are you going to do  business with this country? It is the only one that hasn't signed on to  the international climate change agreement? That happens. I have heard  from businesspeople. That happens. That is one thing that happens.   When it came to greenhouse gases, the standards we had in place at  the EPA were a compromise that had been worked on over years. It is now  on the cutting room floor because this administration went backward.   The gas mileage standard is something else we could do. Again, we  went backward. Instead of working on these things--coming up with more  comprehensive legislation--unfortunately, our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle decided, yesterday, to play politics by bringing up  the Green New Deal resolution with the explicit intention of trying  to create a divide by voting it down.    Do you know what? The resolution, as I have said, is aspirational. It  sets out some audacious goals. We know we can't meet everything that is  in that resolution in 10 years. Yet what has it done that I think is so  good? It has reignited the debate on how the United States can lead the  way in addressing global climate change while building a clean energy  future that benefits American businesses, factories, and workers.   We are a country that sets audacious goals. We put a man on the Moon,  right? We won World War II. We are a country that sets audacious goals.  Sometimes it takes us longer to meet them, which is OK. If we see a  problem, we don't just put our heads down. We look ahead; we look at  each other; and we figure out how we are going to meet the challenge.  That is what we have to do with climate change.   At the same time that our Republican colleagues brought up the Green  New Deal resolution for a vote, they declined to consider the  resolution that was offered by Senator Carper that simply says climate  change is real, that human activity during the last century has been  the dominant cause of the climate crisis, and that the United States  and Congress should take immediate action to address the challenges of  climate change.   The challenges we face are too great to waste time on show votes and  political stunts. For years, we have heard of the things we can do to  make a difference. There is not one approach; it is an ``all of the  above'' approach. We know--and I have seen the models--what we can do  to start bringing the temperature down to an international goal, by the  way, of 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit. That is a lot, but our wanting to stay  under that amount is actually a realistic goal right now.   Instead of spending time debating these kinds of show resolutions, we  should be taking real action to combat climate change. We need a  comprehensive approach that will reduce greenhouse gas emissions and  promote energy-efficient technologies and homegrown energy resources.  That is what we should do. When Senator McConnell brought up what was  an aspirational resolution to bring people together, he did it as a  show to divide people. That is not what we want to do here. We have  people from all over the country who have some different views on this,  and we should be coming together to figure out solutions. As I noted, I  believe we must reinstate the Clean Power Plan rules and the gas  mileage standards that the administration has reversed, which has  rolled back the progress we have made.   I also want to talk today about my home State's work on these issues.   I am proud Minnesota has taken a proactive and innovative approach to  energy use and sustainability, which is critical to addressing carbon  emissions and climate change. As I noted, that 25-percent electricity  standard would be met and is going to be met by 2025. This bipartisan  bill was signed into law by Governor Pawlenty in 2007, and it passed  the House back then.   By the way, that was 2007, right? Since then, everything we have  learned has reinforced what we know, which is that climate change is  happening. Back in 2007, we had not seen this big push against doing  something about it. We had not seen all of the dark money that went in  to take care of not doing something about it and to back up this  inertia we are seeing. Yet, somehow, back in 2007, in my State, I guess  we got it through--we got around some of this--because that legislation  that was signed by a Republican Governor received overwhelmingly  bipartisan support. It passed the Minnesota House by a vote of 123 to  10 and passed the Minnesota Senate by 63 to 3.   Earlier this month, our new Governor, Governor Walz, announced a  proposal that would build on that earlier work by setting a goal of  generating 100 percent of the State's energy from clean sources by  2050. We have also seen other Governors doing this across the country.  I think that is great. Justice Brandeis once said that the States are  laboratories of democracy, which is a good thing. We can't just sit  there and expect States, on an individual basis, to change the national  dialogue. Some of these things have to be done by us in this Chamber in  Washington, DC.   Once we set those goals, which started with the Republican Governor  of Minnesota and then moved on to two Democratic Governors, what we saw  [[Page S2022]]  was Xcel Energy--Minnesota's largest utility--as being the earliest  supporter of the last administration's Clean Power Plan. This is an  electric utility--the biggest one in our State--that recently announced  plans to deliver 100-percent carbon-free electricity to its customers  by 2050. As part of that pledge, it plans to reduce carbon emissions by  80 percent by 2030 in the eight States it serves. It is an electric  company--a power utility--that has realized this is in its best long- term interest and that it is certainly in the best long-term interest  of its customers.   If energy utilities like Xcel understand the need to reduce our use  of fossil fuels and to embrace setting ambitious goals that will  eventually get us to 100-percent clean renewable energy, then so should  we and so should the administration.   We know energy innovation can't really take root--not in any kind of  serious way--without there being certainty, stability, and a clear path  forward. Yes, some of that can happen in the States, and that is  exciting. It can happen in our businesses and in businesses in  Minnesota, like Cargill--the biggest private company in the country-- that looks at the world and sees what is going to happen to its  investors and its employees if we don't do something about climate  change. It has joined in an effort with major businesses to take this  on. So, yes, States are doing things, and Governors are doing things.   Yes, electric utilities are doing things. Some of our small electric  utilities in Minnesota have actually started creating incentives for  solar panels. One of the most innovative ones will give its customers-- this is a very small town in a small county--large water heaters that  cost about $1,000 if, in exchange, they will get solar panels.   Senator Hoeven and I worked on a bill to make sure people in this  Chamber understood that these large water heaters were really helpful  in the basements of farmhouses and that they were actually more energy  efficient. Then this utility--a little electric co-op--took a step  forward and actually offered a free water heater in exchange for buying  a long-term interest in a solar panel. It is not as easy when you are a  small electric co-op. I have a ton of them in my State, and I have  worked with them extensively, but they, too, are starting to see the  future and are starting to do their part.   In my State, we have big businesses like Cargill, big electric  utilities like Xcel, and little electric co-ops. We have our Governors.  We have businesses that are not in the electric business but that see  what is happening to their customers around the world. We have  universities, nonprofits, churches, synagogues, and mosques that want  to retrofit and make their places of worship more energy efficient,  which is another bill I have with Senator Hoeven. When all of this is  going on, how can we just sit here and do nothing and instead have  negative show votes for no reason at all? We are going to keep talking  about this and not let it go because what we need is action.   We need policies that encourage reduction in greenhouse gasses. We  must leave our children with a world that is as good as the one we got.   There is an old Ojibwe saying--we have a lot of proud Indian Tribes  in Minnesota--that says: You make decisions not for now but for seven  generations from now.   You know what. That is our duty. But guess what. With climate change,  it is no longer just seven generations now; it is for the pages who are  sitting right here, because this is happening right now. The  predictions are dire.   I was in Florida just a few weeks ago, and they predict that in a  decade, 1 out of 10 of their homes is going to be flooded in their  State--1 out of 10 of their homes.   You see what is happening in Norfolk, VA. You look at these pages and  you think: This is not just seven generations from now; this is 7 years  from now or 70 years from now. That is what we are dealing with. It is  upon us. So it is our duty, our constitutional duty as elected  representatives, to do our job. It is our moral duty to do the right  thing for this country. So let's get to work and get this done.   I yield the floor.   