 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Virginia  for his eloquence and passion on this issue.   I have never talked to him about this, but there is one thing we had  in common across the country when I was the attorney general for the  State of Nevada and when he was the Governor of Virginia. It was the  Virginia Tech shooting.   As the attorney general, after that horrific, horrific shooting, I  wanted to  [[Page S3822]]  make sure that we were passing commonsense laws so that nothing like  that could ever happen again. So, in the State of Nevada, when I was  the attorney general, I introduced legislation to ensure that when our  courts would adjudicate an individual who was mentally ill, the  information would get to our law enforcement by way of a background  check. We passed that legislation. Yet I am here to tell you that more  needs to be done.   I agree with my colleague in that I would have hoped that the  Virginia Tech shooting would have been the last that we would have ever  seen in this country, but it was not. Almost 2 years ago, hundreds of  people were wounded, and 58 were killed in my hometown of Las Vegas at  the Route 91 Harvest music festival. It remains the deadliest mass  shooting in modern American history. It is not something for which we  would have ever imagined citing a statistic in the State of Nevada nor  could anyone ever want that.   Two weeks after that shooting, I delivered my first official address  on this Senate floor. My maiden speech, I called it. I called for  action to prevent the next mass shooting. Among other things, I asked  for universal background checks on firearms.   Americans support these virtually unanimously, and you have heard the  statistics from my colleagues on the floor today--that 97 percent of  them want sellers to look closely at who exactly is trying to buy a  gun. Yet the Background Check Expansion Act, which is supposed to close  loopholes on background checks, hasn't received a vote in this Chamber.  Not only has it not received a vote, but we can't even debate it. We  can't even come to the floor and debate the issues about which we know  Americans across the country want us to do something. Not only have we  not had a vote on the Background Check Expansion Act, but neither have  we had a vote on dozens of other vital pieces of legislation that would  make us safer.   I have sat here for the last 2 years and watched as the Republican  leadership has been perfectly happy to have stopped the Senate from  voting on these laws. In fact, I have heard, unfortunately, Senator  Mitch McConnell jokingly call himself the Grim Reaper, whose job it is  to bury legislation. That is why we have this legislative graveyard. I  will tell you that the American people don't think that it is funny.  The mothers and fathers of children who have died as a result of gun  violence aren't laughing, and neither is my hometown of Las Vegas--a  community that is still healing from the pain of that night. It does  not have to be this way.   In the State of Nevada, we have closed the loophole that lets private  sellers skip background checks before they hand over a gun. I am so  proud of my State. Voters in Nevada approved this commonsense reform in  2016 for universal background checks. Thanks to our newly elected  Governor Sisolak, Attorney General Aaron Ford, and other fierce leaders  in the Nevada State Legislature, as well as the incredible people in  the State of Nevada, we have finally made it law. This is just basic  common sense. It is supported by Americans throughout the political  spectrum and households with and without guns.   Listen, I support the Second Amendment. We own guns in my family. My  husband is former Federal law enforcement. I come from a family of  sportsmen. Throughout Nevada, we have friends who are sportsmen. But I  will tell you, those Nevadans who are gun owners and almost every  American agree we need to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists,  violent criminals, domestic abusers, and others who may pose a threat  to themselves or their communities. Nevada, with a strong western  history of self-reliance and a culture of safe, responsible gun  ownership, has done this.   It is long past time for the Senate to do what the House has done and  what the American people demand and pass commonsense gun reform. The  Senate majority leader must stop putting a roadblock in the way and let  us act. At the very least, let us have a debate and move this issue  forward--a debate the American people want us to address and an issue  they want us to find a solution for.   Listen, we can't take back what happened that day in Las Vegas or  Orlando or Sandy Hook or Charleston or so many cities and towns all  across this Nation that are scarred by mass shootings and daily gun  violence. We can't heal the pain of those whose friends and family  members were killed. We can't erase the trauma so many survivors  continue to endure. But we can save lives in the future, and isn't one  life saved worth it? Isn't one life saved worth it?   So I ask all of my colleagues, let's stop the delays and denials and  excuses, and let's pass this bill. Let's bring back to the floor of the  Senate the time for debate on important policy issues that address the  problems we see in this country. At the very least, let's save a life.   I yield the floor.   