 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  3224, the Deborah Sampson Act.   This past Sunday, our office honored over 200 Vietnam war period  veterans in my district in northern Illinois at a pinning ceremony to  show our appreciation for their service to our country.   Today, the day after Veterans Day, I am so proud to be on the House  floor to continue our work on behalf of veterans.   I would first like to thank Representative Brownley and my other  colleagues who have worked so hard to compile this important bill in  the House.   In addition to providing better access to resources and benefits  offered by the VA, the Deborah Sampson Act contains several provisions  to ensure that women veterans have equitable access to high-quality,  gender-specific healthcare.   I am proud that my bill, the Caring for Our Women Veterans Act, is  included in the Deborah Sampson Act.   We know that the VA is committed to providing care to all veterans,  but many VA facilities are not sufficiently equipped to provide  comprehensive care to women veterans. The Caring for Our Women Veterans  Act, now sections 305 to 307 of the Deborah Sampson Act, will empower  the VA to fulfill its mission to honor all veterans.   The legislation requires VA to report locations where gender-specific  services are used, how facilities can be improved, and where specialty  staff is most needed to effectively care for women veterans.   This legislation will provide VA with the data it needs to  effectively upgrade clinics and hospitals; to hire, train, and retain  staff; and, most importantly, to provide earned healthcare to women  veterans. These changes are long overdue, and it is now even more  pressing that this legislation is passed.   Women have served honorably in the Armed Forces since the founding of  these United States, and women veterans are the fastest growing group  within the veteran population.   We have a collective responsibility to care for our veterans when  they return home, and the Deborah Sampson Act helps achieve that by  removing barriers that women veterans face on a daily basis. I urge my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support my bill, the Caring  for Our Women Veterans Act, and the underlying Deborah Sampson Act.   