 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this minibus package that by no  means is perfect and that represents, for sure, a tough compromise. But  it makes strong investments to protect our Nation and upholds our  values as Americans.   The Commerce-Justice-Science division of this bill protects children  by increasing the Missing and Exploited Children's Program funding, but  I was deeply disappointed that the House language, which would have  directed $40 million specifically for the Internet Crimes Against  Children program at DOJ, was dropped from the final agreement at the  insistence of Senate Republicans. This is inexcusable.   The New York Times just published an expose detailing the explosion  of child sexual abuse imagery on the internet. It is incumbent on  Congress to provide adequate support for the Internet Crimes Against  Children task forces, which were authorized by bipartisan legislation I  passed, the PROTECT Our Children Act, in 2008.   The Internet Crimes Against Children task forces have successfully  rescued thousands of children, and their success is directly attached  to the amount of funding we provide to them to do investigations.   Notably, the CJS division also restores funding for the Census Bureau  as it gears up for the 2020 Census, providing $7.6 billion to the  Bureau to ensure that everyone in the United States is counted and  represented.   CJS also includes $19 million specifically for research to combat  harmful algal blooms, which have devastated my State's coastal  ecosystems and economy.   I am also pleased that the Financial Services division includes $1.3  million for local pool safety grant programs. Drowning is the leading  cause of unintentional injury and death for children ages 1 to 4 in  this country, which is why I sponsored and passed the Virginia Graeme  Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act to create and fund these grants in 2007.   Additionally, this bill helps us protect and secure our democracy  with $425 million for election security system grants to States, a  vital provision that will help ensure our election security.   The Defense division of this package invests in our national security  and our Armed Forces, providing $622.7 billion in base funding, which  is an increase of $16.2 billion above the enacted and $88.7 billion  above the President's own budget request.   The Defense bill also provides $110 million for peer-reviewed DOD  cancer research funding, a longtime priority under the leadership of  Chairwoman Nita Lowey. I am proud and thankful that the language I  sponsored to specifically include metastatic cancer in the final  agreement is still in the bill. In total, the Defense division provides  almost $500 million for cancer research.   However, I do want to note that I was disappointed about how the  Homeland Security division turned out in this agreement. Chairwoman  Roybal-Allard put together an excellent House bill that included  restrictions on the ability to transfer and reprogram funding for ICE  and CBP. The Trump administration repeatedly violates congressional  intent by shifting funding to ICE beds and to implement the dangerous  and cruel Migrant Protection Protocols. Sadly, the bicameral agreement  strips the House guardrails, though I am glad to see the House bill's  immigration ombudsman position is maintained.     Madam Speaker, the legislation also includes  my language to require on-demand admission to Members of Congress into  DHS facilities so that we can conduct oversight without the  administration whitewashing the reality inside before we arrive. That  accountability is essential.   The American people are counting on us to enact full-year spending  bills that invest responsibly and provide much-needed budget certainty.   The bill also prohibits HHS from turning over immigration information  about potential sponsors of immigrants to our country. That is also  vital to make sure that our immigrants are protected and that they have  sponsors who are eligible and don't live in fear of having their  immigration status turned over to DHS.   This bill does all of this and more. It is not perfect, but no  compromise ever is. I am proud, as a member of the Appropriations  Committee, to join my colleagues in support of it.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Lowey for  yielding.   I rise in support of this funding package which includes Military  Construction-Veterans Affairs funding, which I am privileged to chair,  and seven other appropriations bills.   This package increases funding for our national priorities and  soundly rejects President Trump's unserious and immoral budget. This  package increases funding and makes sure that our bicameral, bipartisan  compromise that we reached on the Military Construction-Veterans  Affairs bill meets the needs of our servicemembers, supports our  military families, and provides for our veterans.   I want to underscore that the agreement does not provide any money  for backfilling the funding that President Trump took--really, stole-- from our military projects after he declared a fake national emergency  for the border wall, and it also denies advanced backfilling by the  administration for their next attempt to steal more funding.   There are zero dollars in the Military Construction-Veterans Affairs  legislation for this wasteful border wall project.   We secured a solid $1 billion in military construction, notably in  family housing improvements, energy resiliency, and child development  centers.   Further, this agreement fully funds family housing construction at  $1.3 billion and includes $140.8 million for costs associated with  mold, lead-based paint, and vermin.   I am disappointed that we could not get agreements from the  administration to limit the transfer of funds from all MILCON dollars,  but I am pleased that we were able to prevent vital disaster funding  from being transferred in the future.   The administration needs to think twice about moving money from  congressionally approved projects to fund a border wall and understand  that there is no back door around Congress' power of the purse.   I am proud that the bill includes $585 million in funding for gender- specific care for women for the first time, as well as additional  funding for homeless assistance programs, whole health, and mental  health and suicide prevention programs.   As a member of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee, I am thrilled by how much this bill invests in water  infrastructure, clean energy, and economic ecosystem restoration--and  by how much this bill helps my home State of Florida.    The bill includes mine and other Floridians' request for full funding  for Everglades restoration at $200 million. Even more, it fully  authorizes the Central Everglades Planning Project, a suite of  restoration projects that aims to fix freshwater flows in south  Florida's ecosystem.   I am also proud to have helped secure six new construction starts and  funding to help major ports like Port Everglades, in my district,  expand and adapt to the modern economy.   As a breast cancer survivor, I am glad that the Labor-HHS-Education  division of the bill includes language that I sponsored to ensure that  young women have access to coverage for breast cancer screenings  beginning at age 40.  [[Page H10594]]    It also includes $5 million to fund my EARLY Act legislation for the  CDC to promote breast cancer awareness for young and at-risk women.   The Foreign Operations division ensures that America helps  Venezuelans who are suffering through instability and economic pain and  includes funding for democracy promotion, human rights, and civil  society programs in Venezuela.   Finally, I am pleased that the minibus also includes legislation that  I sponsored and worked on with my south Florida colleagues. The  Venezuela Emergency Relief, Democracy Assistance, and Development Act  will require greater monitoring and strategies to prevent Russian  meddling in Venezuela's affairs, a bill I sponsored; increased  humanitarian aid; and restrict the exportation of weapons used to  stifle domestic dissent in Venezuela.   I urge all Members to support this bill.   