 Madam Chairwoman, I thank the gentlewoman for her  leadership in presenting the important amendment to the Violence  Against Women Act. I thank the distinguished chairman of the committee  for his leadership in bringing this VAWA reauthorization to the floor.  I commend Karen Bass, the author of the legislation, the chair of the  subcommittee of jurisdiction, and I want to recognize and acknowledge  the work of Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee over the years in terms of  ending violence against women.   Again, we take an oath to protect the American people. Nearly 25  years ago, Congress honored that oath when we enacted the bipartisan  Violence Against Women Act. It united our communities and our country  in a fight against domestic violence in America.   Today, we honor that oath once more by passing strong, bipartisan,  long-term VAWA reauthorization that will save lives.   Again, I want to salute Karen Bass, a champion for women's safety and  security as chair of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism,  Homeland Security, and Investigations, and the many champions of VAWA  in the Congress who have made today possible. Again, I acknowledge  Congresswoman Jackson Lee.   We thank all of the survivors, victims, and advocates who have shown  the generosity of spirit to tell their stories. Nothing is more  eloquent or effective than the stories which show that this is not a  legislative fight or an issues fight. It is a personal fight about  America's families.   I commend Congresswoman Torres Small for this important amendment  that recognizes and ensures that all provisions of the bill comply with  current immigration law. This isn't a bill about immigration, but I  wanted to make that assertion, and I thank the gentlewoman,  Congresswoman Torres Small for this amendment.   We are pleased that the bill is bipartisan. There should be nothing  partisan or political about ending the scourge of domestic violence and  sexual assault, which one in three women faces today.   Madam Chairwoman, with this bill, we are reinforcing what we did 25  years ago, and what we did in 2013. We are making it stronger with the  legislation  [[Page H3075]]  today, with lifesaving updates that reflect the voices of victims and  survivors and the input of experts.   With this bill, we are empowering law enforcement and making new  investments in prevention. We are improving lifesaving services to  victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and  stalking. We are supporting survivors with protections against  discrimination in the workplace and supporting their financial  security.   We are closing dangerous loopholes in our laws that right now allow  those who have been convicted of stalking or dating violence to obtain  firearms. These are commonsense reforms that will save lives and that  no one should object to.   We are strengthening protections for Native American women because  every woman everywhere has the right to live free from abuse. We thank  the Indian Country and the Native American women for their input on  this. And aren't we blessed now to have for the first time in American  history, two Native American women serving in the Congress of the  United States: Congresswoman Sharice Davids from Kansas, and  Congresswoman Deb Haaland from New Mexico, and they have already made  their presence felt.   This bill has historically been bipartisan. We urge all Members to  join us in a strong bipartisan vote for this bill, which honors our  oath, upholds our values, and saves lives. Again, I urge a ``yes''  vote.   