 Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for  yielding time and for bringing my bill, the Veterans' Access to Child  Care Act, to the floor for consideration; and I thank Ranking Member  Roe for his support of the bill.   As a member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, I believe that  it is critical that veterans have the support they need to ensure they  are able to access needed healthcare services at the VA.   For many veterans, the lack of access to childcare is a barrier to  receiving healthcare, especially mental healthcare and intensive care  services. Research has shown that women veterans more commonly face  this barrier, as they are more often responsible for caring for young  children. That said, we know that the problem is not unique to women  veterans, as male veterans have also reported lack of available  childcare as a barrier to making their healthcare appointments as well.   In 2010, Congress passed legislation directing the VA to start a  pilot program to provide free childcare at a small number of VA medical  centers and clinics throughout the country. Since then, this pilot  program has been successfully implemented and hugely popular at several  locations across the country.   In 2015, the VA reported that the pilot program had provided  childcare assistance to more than 10,000 children, and since then, many  more veterans have benefited.   The pilot program has been popular among the veteran community, and  there has been strong support for its continuation from veterans  service organizations. That is because we all believe that veterans  should not be forced to choose between getting necessary healthcare and  caring for a child.   My bill, which we are debating today, would make the VA childcare  pilot program permanent and expand the program to VA facilities all  across the Nation.   Like the original pilot program, my bill is narrowly tailored for  veterans who are full-time caretakers of children and who need  intensive medical care or mental health treatments and for those  veterans who might otherwise miss their appointments because of lack of  available short-term childcare during their appointments.   For instance, a veteran who is undergoing cancer treatment cannot  afford to miss these critical and intense medical appointments, and  they need a safe place to leave their young child while they receive  chemotherapy or radiation therapy.   Likewise, veterans who have regular mental health appointments would  need a place to leave their young children, because it would be  inappropriate for young children to be present for tough conversations  with a therapist about military sexual trauma or other battlefield  trauma.  [[Page H1421]]    Like the pilot program, my bill also gives VA flexible authority to  determine how to provide childcare assistance during veterans' medical  appointments. Options include:   Providing the benefit through stipend payments directly to veterans  to pay for their childcare expenses;   Direct provision of childcare at VA facilities;   Direct payment to childcare providers;   Collaboration with other Federal departments and agencies; or   Other appropriate forms of assistance that the Secretary determines  are appropriate.   Passage of this legislation will benefit veterans of all areas who  are primary caretakers. In fact, many of the caretakers who have used  the pilot program have been women and older veterans, including  grandparents who take care of a child during the day and would  otherwise be unable to make their appointments.   This bill will guarantee these veterans receive the healthcare they  need, while ensuring a safe, reliable, and cost-free option for  childcare during those appointments.   For our colleagues who are new to this body, I would note that  similar legislation passed the House in the 115th Congress by voice  vote. I urge my colleagues to again support this legislation.   I especially want to thank my colleague Mr. Higgins from New York,  who has been a tireless advocate for expanding and making permanent the  childcare pilot program. His partnership has been invaluable in moving  our bill forward.   I also want to thank Senator Patty Murray from Washington, who has  introduced similar legislation in the Senate.   