 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R.  9, the Climate Action Now Act.   My amendment includes findings recognizing the importance of the  Paris climate agreement's task force addressing the impact of climate  change on displacement and the global refugee crisis.   The United States is responsible for nearly a third of the excess  carbon dioxide in the atmosphere today and, thus, bears more  responsibility for the climate crisis than any other country. But the  climate crisis is a major contributing factor of yet another  devastating crisis we are facing today: the global refugee crisis.   In 2017, more than 60 percent of the internal displacements in the  world was a result not of conflict but of natural disasters. Since  2008, an average of 24 million people has been displaced by  catastrophic weather disasters each year.   Within three of the most vulnerable regions of the world--sub-Saharan  Africa, South Asia, and Latin America--143 million people could be  displaced by climate change impacts by 2050.   We do not need to look that far from home to know this. At least  400,000 residents of New Orleans were displaced by Hurricane Katrina  for at least a few days, and many were displaced permanently. A  disproportionate number of them were Black Americans.   We saw it happen last year in Puerto Rico when 3,000 people died  because of Hurricane Maria and our current administration failed to  help them recover.   At a time when climate change is making droughts and famines worse,  making conflicts fiercer and repression more brutal, our country is  resettling historically low numbers of refugees. The United States  should be offering protection and support to climate change refugees.  Instead, we have capped the number of refugees that we resettle to only  30,000 people next year.   Citizens of some of the countries that have been hit hardest by  climate change, including Yemen, Iran, and Somalia, are currently  subject to an arbitrary and racist Muslim ban. We cannot be willing to  turn our backs on those suffering because of the effects of global  catastrophes.   We have to acknowledge that this tragedy is not going to go away any  time soon. As food security, drinking water, and energy supplies become  scarcer, more and more families are going to be forced to leave their  homes.   Countries that are responsible for perpetuating the climate crisis,  like the United States, should rise as leaders in offering protection  and refuge for displaced communities. It is our duty, as one of the  richest countries in the world, to support the Paris Agreement and its  task force on the impact of climate change on displacement and the  global refugee crisis.   Mr. Chairman, I ask for support for this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the student debt  crisis that is holding back our students, our families, and our  economy.   Last year, American's collective student loan debt surpassed $1.5  trillion. The shackles of debt keep former students and their families  from seeing the economic prosperity promised to them by their  education.   More than 40 million Americans now have student debt, and the amount  of debt that the average student carries is rising. Student loan  balances have more than doubled real terms since 2005. Average real  student loan debt per capita for individuals between the ages of 24 to  32 has risen from $5,000 in 2005 to $10,000 in 2014.   It is driving down home ownership rates, especially for young people.  One study found that a $1,000 increase in student loan debt causes a 1- to-2 percent drop in home ownership rates for borrowers in their late  twenties and early thirties, threatening to undermine the long-term  financial stability of an entire generation.   Young adults who graduate college with a student debt now have  negative net worth with a median net worth of $1,900, down from $9,000  in 2013.    Student loan debt does not only impact young people. The number of  people over 60 with student loan debt has quadrupled in the last four  decades. Parents are increasingly jeopardizing their retirement to pay  off loans they took out to pay for their kids' education.   The source of student debt does not affect all Americans equally.  Students  [[Page H3399]]  of color face a higher risk of defaulting on their student loans and  struggle to find jobs to pay off these loans due to discrimination in  hiring practices.   First generation and immigrant college students face much higher  default rates, and women own two-thirds of the $1.4 trillion total of  student debt.   The burden of this debt will be intensified postgraduation by the  gender gap. It is time we started treating student debt like the  national crisis it is. We need urgent action to address it. That is why  I support debt free and tuition-free college and will be introducing a  bill to cancel all student debt.   Our Debt-Free College Act would make debt-free college a reality for  students within 5 years. We can ensure that students graduate debt free  and are not at a competitive disadvantage as a result of the burden of  student loan debt.   Making public 2-year and 4-year colleges free and accessible to all  is essential in investing in an equitable future. It would also provide  an enormous middle class stimulus that would boost economic growth,  increase home purchases, and fuel a new wave of small business  formation.   Student debt is not the result of bad choices or behaviors. It is the  result of a system that tells the students to get an education, go to  college in order to have a stable life, but then does not provide the  resources so that they can afford that education.   But I believe together we can reform that system.   