 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly support H. Res. 432,  condemning the attacks on the Sudanese people peacefully protesting  their right to have a civilian-led democratic government in Sudan. The  legislation emphasizes a positive and productive relationship between  the United States and Sudan and demands significant political reforms  and more accountability.   The situation in Sudan escalated in December 2018 and has been  unstable ever since. The Transitional Military Council used Sudanese  security forces to shoot peaceful protesters, leaving bodies in the  Nile River. They shut down the internet for a month to try and  disparage citizens from a united front and blocked journalists from  doing their jobs, a clear violation of the freedom of the press.   The people of Sudan have the right to assemble and demand that the  Sudanese security forces negotiate without being killed or wounded. The  international community and its partners must continue to demand that  the security forces stop assaulting their own citizens and adhere to  the July 5 agreement.   The recent attempted coup was a ploy to try and deter the agreement,  and the Transitional Military Council nor the civilian-led faction must  deviate from this process. This agreement is too important, and the  future of Sudan is at stake.   The agreement would potentially end months of atrocities and gross  human rights abuses that have destabilized the country. The negotiated  deal would have five Military Council members, five civilian members,  and one civilian member chosen by both parties. The military member  would lead the council for the first 21 months and then transition into  a civilian-led council thereafter. This is a step in the right  direction because both the Transitional Military Council and civilian- led groups negotiated the settlement.   I am also calling on the Sudanese Traditional Military Council to  immediately open up the internet because it was a clear violation of  the freedom of the press. Journalists must also be able to do their  jobs and report and write on stories without being intimidated or  physically harmed.   I support this resolution because it encourages the rights and  freedoms of all Sudanese people and their right to peacefully protest  and assemble and their right to a civilian-led government.   