 Madam Chair, I rise to support the en bloc  amendment, which includes my amendment to protect Water Conservation  Areas in the Everglades from oil wells.   It is important to point out that as of last year, the Federal  Government and the State of Florida had spent more than $3.7 billion to  restore the Florida Everglades, the river grass. I am here to say, by  offering this amendment, I want to ensure that we not roll back that  progress.   My amendment would ensure that avaricious oil companies who care for  [[Page H4742]]  nothing but profit, cannot turn our famed river of grass into an  industrial oil field.   An investment company has applied to drill an oil well just west of  the city of Miramar in Broward County, my home county, much of which I  represent.   Drilling an oil well in the middle of a Water Conservation Area that  is 20,000 acres wide, between two canals, when you have 8 million  people who rely, for their drinking water, on the aquifer beneath the  Florida Everglades, is the definition of insanity.   My amendment would ensure that the Army Corps of Engineers could not  issue this heinous permit when it is applied for.   We have, under the Federal and State Comprehensive Everglades  Restoration Plan, water managers who want to connect two conservation  areas that are part of southern Florida's hydrological system. A  lawsuit that is pending in Federal court argues that drilling violates  the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan, and I agree, and this  amendment would ensure that the Army Corps must deny the permit.    Madam Speaker, in the beginning of the 116th  Congress, we elected more than 80 new Members; and so, in order to  welcome you to the 116th Congress, the women of the Congressional  Women's Softball team want to make sure that everyone knows that the  game is finally here.   The 11th Annual Congressional Women's Softball Game is tomorrow night  at 7 p.m. It is at Watkins Recreation Center, 420 12th Street,  Southeast.   The reason I refer to the 80-plus new Members is that many of you may  not know that we began playing this game 11 years ago, after I made an  announcement, a public announcement that I had been through breast  cancer at 41 years old. I was diagnosed, at 41 after doing a self-exam  in the shower.   One day I was the picture of health; the next day I was a cancer  patient. And, subsequently found that I was also BRCA2 positive,  meaning that I had a genetic mutation that made it infinitely more  likely that I would have a recurrence, and that I would very likely get  ovarian cancer at some point.   So, after a year, 15 months really, of hell, and seven surgeries, not  sharing it until I was all the way through the other side, I shared my  story.   We introduced the EARLY Act, the Education and Awareness Requires  Learning Young Act, which has been law since 2010, which is a law that  now raises awareness in young women, an education and awareness  campaign that has been funded every year with $5 million, to make sure  that we can help young women be aware of their breast health.   So many young women work for us on our staffs. We have a team that we  play against, the common adversary of all of us, the press corps, the  female press corps, and they generally are much younger.   So, Madam Speaker, we raise money for the Young Survival Coalition at  this game. It is an organization that helps young women who deal with  the challenges that they face when they have breast cancer.  [[Page H4752]]    We encourage you all to come out and cheer on Team Congress so we can  beat the press and beat cancer.   I am a founding cocaptain of the Congressional Women's Softball team.  Jo Ann Emerson, our former Republican colleague, was my cocaptain.   Martha Roby is one of our cocaptains this year and, unfortunately,  ladies, the only Republican currently playing on the House side. So  there is always next year.   But I would like to turn over the podium, briefly, to my cocaptain,  Martha Roby. I encourage everyone to wear pink, and come out and cheer  on Team Congress tomorrow.   