 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  bill. I have heard a lot of rhetoric today about the role of Congress  and the role of the administration in recognizing or not recognizing  Tribal lands, Tribal governments, reservations, and the ability of  Tribes to participate in whatever kind of economic development they so  desire.   I have also heard a lot of talk and discussion. I am pleased to hear  talk and discussion on this House floor about the need to make sure  that Tribes are recognized, that Tribal sovereignty is recognized, and  that this government needs to do right by Native people and indigenous  people to this land.   But the basis for support of this bill today is not necessarily  rooted in whether or not we are doing the ``right thing.'' Congress has  a duty to properly exercise our plenary power over interactions with  Tribal people and with Tribal governments. The Constitution gives  Congress plenary power over interactions with Indian Tribes. What is at  stake here today is how Congress and the Federal Government are going  to continue to interact with Indian Tribes.   Tribes don't need Congress Members' sympathy. What Tribes need is for  us to properly exercise our duty. This bill does that. This bill  exercises Congress' proper power to recognize a Tribe, to recognize  Tribal reservation lands, and it has nothing to do with what happens  afterwards.   This bill wouldn't abrogate or alter the application of the Indian  Gaming Regulatory Act or any other piece of legislation. This bill  would simply do exactly what Congress' job is to do: recognize the  Federal-Tribal relationship that exists and the Tribal lands that are  properly held in trust and should be held in trust for an Indian Tribe.  That is what we are doing right now.   All the talk and discussion about other pieces of legislation that  might be called into question after this bill is passed should be  debated later. That has nothing to do with what this specific bill  applies to.   Our role here is very simple. We have got to recognize the Mashpee  Tribe's reservation. We have got to recognize their sovereignty and  their self-determination.   