 Madam Speaker, I come to impeachment with deep sadness.  The facts of this case are painful and indisputable. We know that the  President illegally held up congressionally appropriated aid to  Ukraine. We know that he conditioned the release of this aid on  Ukrainian President Zelensky's opening an investigation based on a  debunked conspiracy theory about his political rival and foreign  interference in the 2016 election.  [[Page H12120]]    We also know that the President has actively blocked congressional  attempts to determine the extent of his misconduct by ordering  executive branch officials to defy subpoenas and withhold information.   Despite the unprecedented obstruction from the President, the  evidence in this case is powerful enough that to delay this vote any  further would risk interference in the 2020 election and the permanent  erosion of our system of checks and balances.   Madam Speaker, this is not a matter of politics. This is a matter of  protecting the integrity of our democracy for the next generation.   As we labor to pass on to future generations many of the great  hallmarks of our society, we must also work with active stewardship and  vigilance to pass on a vibrant and functional democracy.   If we don't do our duty to protect the Constitution, the republic  that we hand to our children will be less vibrant. If we do not do our  duty to protect the Constitution, the republic that we hand to our  children will be less resilient and less effective than the system that  we were so fortunate to inherit.   Democracy is fragile. Its survival depends on the strength and  courage we display in maintaining it.   But this fragility is also a strength. It requires our public  servants to put our nation's interests ahead of their own and to hold  each other accountable to the high standards democracy demands.   That's why we take an oath to defend the Constitution. If protecting  the Constitution were trivial, we wouldn't have to take an oath.   For over 200 years, honesty and vigilance have won out as generations  of public servants have adhered to their oaths of office and met the  standards of service that our democracy demands.   We cannot let this legacy die on our watch.   