 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Ohio for raising  these issues about the skills gap. This is something that is very  important in Minnesota, as well, and I agree with him. I think this  should be a place where we could find some bipartisan agreement. So I  thank him for his words today.   Mr. President, today I rise to talk about another gap that I would  like to ask my colleagues for help in filling.   For many Americans, the 35-day government shutdown during the last  holiday season is a distant memory. The national parks have reopened  with their usual programming; airports are running normally; and  Federal employees are back on the job with the backpay they had lost  through no fault of their own because of the Federal Government  shutdown.   But for one group of workers, things are not back to normal. These  are the low-wage workers employed by Federal contractors serving in  cafeterias, providing building security, and keeping Federal buildings  clean. These Federal contractors work shoulder to shoulder with Federal  employees, and though they are often invisible, they play a crucial  role in keeping the Federal Government working for Americans.   Thousands--potentially hundreds of thousands--of these workers at  Federal facilities all across the country were not allowed to work  during the Federal Government shutdown. They went without paychecks  during the height of  [[Page S6213]]  the holiday season. They skipped Christmas gifts. They missed tuition  payments. And they even, in some cases, were unable to afford the  insulin they need to stay alive if they live with diabetes.    Unlike Federal employees, these employees of Federal contractors  didn't get backpay when the government reopened. They were ready and  willing to work every single day of those 35 days of the shutdown, but  they couldn't, through no fault of their own, and they paid the price.  That is just not right.   Making ends meet in a low-wage job is hard enough, and making ends  meet when you miss two paychecks--when those paychecks are taken away  from you--is nearly impossible. Families who didn't get the income they  were expecting were forced to borrow from friends. They were forced to  rely on the help of others. They had to make difficult choices, and  many of them are still in a financial hole that was not created by them  and that they can't dig themselves out of.   So, colleagues, I rise today to ask you to help me in righting this  injustice, and I am glad to be joined on the Senate floor by several of  my colleagues who also have been strong advocates for these workers.  Senator Brown from Ohio, Senator Van Hollen from Maryland, Senator  Kaine from Virginia, along with many of my colleagues, have helped to  try to right this wrong. In this way, we have introduced bipartisan  legislation to provide modest backpay to these workers.   The House included our backpay language in the appropriations package  that is on the Senate floor today. It is in the bill that the House  passed. Unfortunately, Senator McConnell's substitute amendment strips  out this critical provision that would provide backpay to these Federal  contract workers.   Today, what I am proposing is that we come together in a bipartisan  way and that we add back the backpay language--put it back in the  legislation--and I have filed an amendment that would accomplish this.   I have talked with many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  here in the Senate Chamber, and I have to tell you, I have not found a  single person who was willing to say--who even wants to say--that these  Federal contractors don't deserve backpay. In fact, more often than  not, when I talk to my colleagues, they will say: Didn't we take care  of that?   Well, colleagues, we didn't take care of that, and now we have an  opportunity to fix this gap. We have an opportunity to do something for  these Federal contract workers who are proud Federal Government  employees in almost every sense of the word.   Our proposal would allow contractors to fund backpay for their  employees through a well-known and often-used contracting process known  as equitable adjustment.   Often people will say: Oh, Tina, this is a good idea, but it would be  so difficult to accomplish this.   Well, actually, there is an existing mechanism for accomplishing  exactly what we need to do here, and it is called equitable adjustment.   I have also made clear to my colleagues who have asked questions  about this that I am happy to work with anyone who has suggestions for  what we can do to further improve this proposal. But we have been told  across the board that this is a good way of accomplishing this--an  equitable way, a way that would have good accountability--and that it  would work.   Over the last 10 months, I have been proud to stand with Federal  contract employees who have been fighting for this amendment and to  stand with so many others around the country.   Tragically, in July, one of our strongest voices for these workers,  SEIU 32BJ President Hector Figueroa, passed away unexpectedly at age  57. Hector was an amazing advocate for workers all over this country.  He knew how important it is to solve this Federal contractor backpay  problem, and he understood viscerally exactly what difference it would  make in the lives of people who lost that income. It should not be lost  forever.   Hector led 170,000 janitors, food service workers, and others in  their efforts to secure decent wages and better working conditions, and  he played a crucial role in making sure that these workers' voices were  heard on Capitol Hill and in State legislatures. Hector was a source of  inspiration for both workers and public officials, and I miss him as a  partner in this effort.   Colleagues, recently we also lost another partner in this fight.  Chairman Elijah Cummings from Maryland was a longtime champion for  Baltimore workers, and he was the leader of the primary House committee  on Federal workplace issues.   In March, Chair Cummings led a letter with 48 House Members saying  that ``we must act to ensure . . . federal contractor employees are  made whole.'' So I rise today to urge my colleagues that Federal  contract workers should be made whole, as Chair Cummings worked so hard  to accomplish.   Let's not forget Chair Cummings' message. Let's not forget the  passion and the work of Hector Figueroa. Let's not forget about these  workers. Let's follow on the advocacy of these people and so many  others to pass backpay for Federal contract workers and make sure that  these hard-working Americans get the backpay they deserve.   I am so grateful to be joined on the floor today by several of my  colleagues, including Senator Chris Van Hollen, who has been such a  strong advocate for Federal Government contract workers in making sure  that they do not have to pay the price for this shutdown, which  happened through no fault of their own. I am very glad to be here with  Senator Van Hollen today.   I yield the floor.   