 Mr. President, I rise today on behalf of nearly 25,000  workers and retirees in Wisconsin who have paid into the Central States  Pension Fund. More than 4 years ago, thousands of Wisconsinites started  receiving letters in the mail telling them that their pensions--which  they had worked for, planned on, and earned--would not be paid out in  full as was promised to them.   Instead, those letters said their pensions would be slashed by 50  percent, 60 percent, or sometimes 70 percent. Since then, those  retirees have organized. They have organized at home. They have called  on their Members of Congress. They have come to Washington countless  times to remind us of the promises that were made when they earned  their pensions and to fight for a solution to the pending crisis.   I have been proud to work side-by-side with these Wisconsin workers  and retirees, and with my colleague Senator Brown to introduce the  Butch Lewis Act.   This legislation will put failing multiemployer pension plans,  including Central States, back on solid ground, and it does so without  cutting the pensions that retirees have earned. It does so without  cutting the pensions retirees have earned. This is not just good policy  for workers and retirees because putting these pensions back on strong  footing would also protect the small businesses that employed them from  the threat of closing their doors if these plans are allowed to fail.    Compounding this looming crisis is the reality that the Pension  Benefit Guaranty Corporation, known as the PBGC--the government's  insurance for multiemployer pension plans like Central States--is on  its own path to insolvency by 2025. This week, I reintroduced  legislation to help address the financial challenges of the PBGC. The  Pension Stability Act would add funding to the Pension Benefit Guaranty  Corporation's multiemployer program by imposing a fee on financial  firms convicted of financial crimes.   This weekend, I was in Endeavor, WI, with retirees who meet once a  month at the fire station to update one another on our progress here in  Washington. I have been to many, many such meetings like that across  the State. In the months since the House passed the Butch Lewis Act,  there hasn't been much other progress to speak of. The Senate hasn't  taken up the bill, no other proposals have been offered, and all the  while, retirees and workers in the Central States Pension Fund continue  to doubt their retirement security.   Today, I am asking my colleagues in the Senate to join me and pass my  Pension Stability Act and to help generate new revenue to help  safeguard the retirement security of millions of Americans. If  Washington does not act, workers and retirees will face massive cuts to  the pensions they have earned over decades of hard work. I have come to  the floor many times to remind this body about the retirees--some of  whom stand to lose more than 50 percent of their pensions--and still,  nothing has been done. So I am here once again to remind my colleagues  that this is about a promise that must be kept.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the HELP Committee be  discharged from further consideration of S. 2598 and the Senate proceed  to its  [[Page S5872]]  immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, my message to my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle today is simple: If you will continue to object to my  proposal to help shore up the PBGC and the proposals from me and other  Democratic colleagues to put failing multiemployer pensions back on  solid ground, then please bring up your own plans. Bring your ideas to  the table, and let's work together to solve this pension crisis and  protect the retirement security of Americans because just objecting to  our plans is not an option for the 25,000 workers and retirees I am  representing here today. Doing nothing is not an option. If we don't  act, we will be breaking a promise made to 1.5 million workers and  retirees nationwide. Pension promises must be kept.   Once again, I will say Washington needs to act, and we need to do it  now.   I yield back.   