 Madam Speaker, I thank the vice chairman  of our conference for his very, very kind words. We are neighbors in  North Carolina, friends, and colleagues here who are concerned about  the very same issues that face our country.   We are worried about many, many, many things. We worry about the  absence of a wall. We worry about the need for more national security.  I know that we also worry and share the concern with what has happened  in this Chamber in the last few weeks when we have heard a few loud  voices whose rhetoric has completely departed from the bipartisan  consensus on policy toward Israel.   Just last May, for the 70th anniversary of Israel's independence, the  House passed, by unanimous consent, a resolution that I introduced with  two of my Democrat colleagues supporting robust, bilateral relations  with Israel globally and fairness in its treatment in multilateral  fora.   The House of Representatives unanimously sent a message to the U.N.  and the world that respect for Israel's national sovereignty and broad  recognition of its statehood is a priority for U.S. national security  and achieving peace in the Middle East.   Over the past couple weeks, though, some new Members of this body  have cast a cloud over this Chamber's long-time priority of the U.S.- Israel relationship. I has been suggested that support for Israel  represents a betrayal of one's patriotism and that Israel has no right  to exist.    I reject that position. The simple truth is that, throughout history,  Israel has made numerous concessions in the pursuit of peace while  seeking only the right to exist. Opponents of the Jewish state don't  seem to understand that supporting our ally is a matter of national  security.   On that basis, anti-Israel bias runs counter to advancing our  national interests in the Middle East. Perpetuating the false  narratives that there is an occupied Palestinian territory and that the  Jewish people do not have any connection to the land only undermine the  efforts to bring peace and stability to the region.   Other statements that Israel has ``hypnotized'' the world harken back  to an age of extreme insensitivity to Israel at best and a new  acceptance of anti-Semitic norms at worst.   By our own State Department's definition, applying double standards  that require Israel behave in a manner that is not expected or demanded  of any other democratic nation and denying the Jewish people their  right to self-determination are anti-Semitic beliefs.   We must reject this rhetoric and continue to support Israel as the  major strategic partner that this body has long enshrined in our laws,  our policy priorities, and our hearts and minds. With that, we are also  improving our national security.   