 Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R.  728, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2019.   As the first registered nurse elected to Congress, I know how  essential the federal nursing workforce development grant programs are  to the development of the next generation of our nursing leaders. These  Title VIII programs, administered through the Health Resources and  Services Administration, have supported the recruitment, retention, and  distribution of our nation's nursing workforce for over five decades.   Title VIII programs have supported nursing education at all levels,  from entry level preparation through graduate study. They have provided  support for institutions that educate nurses for practice in rural and  medically underserved communities, thus representing a direct  investment in our nation's health.   With the support of our House and Senate colleagues, we must continue  to elevate and strengthen our nursing workforce for the wellbeing of  our nation. I wholeheartedly urge my colleagues to support the Title  VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2019.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the  life and legacy of a distinguished public servant and colleague,  Congressman John James Conyers, Jr., who passed away this weekend.   Congressman Conyers was born and raised in Detroit, Michigan, to  parents Lucille Janice (Simpson) and John Conyers. He graduated from  Northwestern High School before answering his country's call to service  and joining the military. Congressman Conyers served three stints in  the military; in the Michigan National Guard from 1948 to 1950; in the  U.S. Army from 1950 to 1954; and in the U.S. Army Reserves from 1954 to  1957. Following his military service, he attended Wayne State  University where he earned a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws.   Congressman Conyers had the opportunity to represent three  Congressional Districts in the U.S. House of Representatives during his  52 years in office; Michigan's 1st Congressional District, 14th  Congressional District, and 13th Congressional District, respectively.  During his time in Congress, he chaired the powerful House Oversight  and Judiciary Committees, served as Dean of the House, and notably  hired Rosa Parks as a staffer in his district office. Additionally,  Congressman Conyers is marked as an original co-founder of the  Congressional Black Caucus and was the first to introduce a bill  calling for the recognition of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday as a  national holiday. At the time of his retirement from public office, he  was the longest-serving African American Member of Congress in our  history.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in extending sympathies  to Congressman Conyers' wife, Monica Conyers, sons John Conyers III and  Carl Edward Conyers, and all whom he influenced over the course of his  life. May he rest in peace.   