 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 1585, the Violence  Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2019.   This bipartisan measure was introduced by myself and my colleague,  Mr. Fitzpatrick, the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Several other Members  have supported this effort and were inadvertently left off the sponsor  list due to a clerical error. To remedy that, I will furnish a separate  statement for the Record that includes those names, respectively.   H.R. 1585 will reauthorize the VAWA of 1994, a landmark piece of  legislation  [[Page H3009]]  first enacted and signed into law by President Clinton in 1994. This  was a direct response to the epidemic of violence against women that  plagued our country at that time.   While we have made significant progress, we still have much to do.   It is estimated that more than 2 million adults and more than 15  million children are exposed to domestic violence annually. These  alarming figures make it imperative that we reauthorize VAWA now.   We concluded our celebration of Women's History Month in March, but  our job to protect women is not complete.   Movements like #MeToo across this country demand Congress' attention  to better deal with the gaping holes left unfilled in current law  around the issues of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual  assault, harassment, and stalking.   The VAWA efforts will have the same profound effect on a victim  survivor and their families no matter one's party affiliation. Hence,  these are human problems, period.    This is our opportunity to respond to the basic needs of victims and  survivors everywhere, absent discrimination based on their race, sex,  religion, or nationality.   That is why this law has been reauthorized three times since  enactment, in 2000, 2005, and 2013, with strong bipartisan approval and  overwhelming support from Congress, States, and local communities.   H.R. 1585 continues that tradition, which reflects a reasonable and  compromised approach to reauthorize grant programs under VAWA. For  example, this bill includes various pieces of bipartisan legislation,  Republican amendments from our committee markup, and Republican  amendments through the rules process.   H.R. 1585 is intended to make modifications, as Congress has done in  the past to all previous reauthorizations of VAWA.   For example, in South Los Angeles, part of my district, the Jenesse  Center helps hundreds of people every year. VAWA funding has supported  the growth of Jenesse's legal department, which provides direct legal  services that not only assist survivors in securing immediate safety,  but also helps them achieve long-term goals of stability and self- sufficiency.   VAWA funding is integral to Jenesse's transitional, or bridge,  housing program for survivors. After overcoming the initial crisis  phase, people need space and time to rebuild family bonds, secure  education and vocational training, and receive the mental health  counseling needed to heal from trauma.   H.R. 1585 is inclusive, sensible, and responsive.    Mr. Chair, this bill is about preventing and responding to  domestic violence, sexual assault, dating violence, and stalking. That  is why I urge my colleagues to exert courage and stand with victims by  supporting this bill.    Mr. Chair, a number of my colleagues who requested to be  added as a cosponsor to H.R. 1585, the ``Violence Against Women  Reauthorization Act of 2019'' were not listed as cosponsors due to a  clerical error.   I wish to thank all my colleagues for their enduring support of VAWA.  The  [[Page H3012]]  reauthorization of VAWA is vital for domestic violence survivors. VAWA  is a landmark piece of legislation first enacted in 1994 and signed  into law by President Bill Clinton as part of the Violent Crime Control  and Law Enforcement Act of 1994.   This legislation was enacted in response to the prevalence of  domestic and sexual violence, and the significant impact of such  violence on the lives of women. It is estimated that more than two  million adults and more than 15 million children are exposed to  domestic violence annually. VAWA provides essential resources to those  who need it most, which is why this piece of legislation is so  essential.   For the record, the following Members have expressed their support  for H.R. 1585, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2019''  and would have been added as a cosponsor to H.R. 1585 but for a  clerical error.   Colin Allred   Ami Bera   Sanford D. Bishop, Jr.   G.K. Butterfield   Andre Carson   Matt Cartwright   Joaquin Castro   Emanuel Cleaver   Gerald Connolly   Jim Costa   TJ Cox   Charlie Crist   Sharice Davids   Danny K. Davis   Rosa DeLauro   Mark DeSaulnier   Theodore E. Deutch   Michael F. Doyle   Eliot Engel   Dwight Evans   Abby Finkenauer   Jimmy Gomez   Alcee L. Hastings   Jahana Hayes   Kendra S. Horn   Hakeem Jeffries   Henry C. ``Hank'' Johnson, Jr.   Marcy Kaptur   Daniel T. Kildee   John Larson   Al Lawson   Barbara Lee   Mike Levin   John Lewis   Ted Lieu   Nita M. Lowey   Ben Ray Lujan   Elaine G. Luria   Tom Malinowski   Stephanie N. Murphy   Richard E. Neal   Joe Neguse   Michael San Nicolas   Donald Norcross   Bill Pascrell, Jr.   Ed Perlmutter   Scott Peters   Dean Phillips   Mark Pocan   David E. Price   Harley Rouda   Raul Ruiz   Bobby Rush   Mary Gay Scanlon   Robert C. ``Bobby'' Scott   Brad Sherman   Mikie Sherrill   Darren Soto   Abigail Davis Spanberger   Mark Takano   Bennie G. Thompson   Rashida Tlaib   Norma J. Torres   Xochitl Torres Small   Marc A. Veasey   