 Madam President, I come to the floor today to honor  some of the Founders of our Nation who all too often don't get their  due--  [[Page S3190]]  Founders whose gender or skin tone may not be represented on Mount  Rushmore but whose brilliance, whose resilience, helped ensure that the  democracy we have today is strong and true.   This democracy wasn't just built by George Washington or Thomas  Jefferson. It wasn't perfected in the 18th century when the ink dried  on the four original pages of the Constitution.   It was shaped by women like Abigail Adams, whom I named my first  daughter after. It was strengthened by suffragists like Sojourner  Truth, who worked tirelessly to better the country that had kept her in  chains, who used her emancipation to call for freedom and a voice for  all women--Black, White, you name it. It was formed by Illinoisans like  Ida B. Wells, who demanded that women of color have a place at the  forefront of the suffrage movement. It was forged by women like Mary  Livermore, who channeled her frustration over women's inequality into  action, spearheading Chicago's first-ever suffrage convention 150 years  ago and marking Illinois as a leader in the fight for women's rights.   Our democracy was sharpened by a group of Illinoisans who traveled to  Washington, DC, in 1913, joining thousands of other women in their  march down Pennsylvania Avenue--protesters who were vilified, berated,  jostled, tripped, and even jailed but who withstood it all to call for  a constitutional amendment giving women the right to vote.   This Union was made more perfect when the 19th Amendment finally  passed Congress 100 years ago today.   These women raised their voices on the picket lines so that we could  make ours heard at the polls. They risked safety and security,  withstood hypocrisy and overcame misogyny, refusing to stay silent so  that their daughters and their daughters' daughters would inherit the  democracy they deserved. For that, we are forever in their debt.   Of course, every American's right to vote wasn't truly secured that  day in 1919, nor was it secured later that week, when Illinois became  one of the first States to ratify the amendment, or in 1965, when  Lyndon B. Johnson picked up a pen and signed the Voting Rights Act into  law.   It still is not secure today--not when voter suppression tactics  still block so many people of color from the ballot, when voter roll  purges are still common and some in power are still fighting to install  modern-day poll taxes.   So we can't get complacent. What began at Seneca Falls continues with  us today, as it now falls to our generation to keep alive the work of  yesterday's suffragists, to keep pushing for bills like the Voting  Rights Advancement Act to ensure that bigoted State laws don't  disenfranchise any American. It falls on us to keep fighting for that  more perfect Union, to keep making our voices heard--whether that is  here on the Senate floor or anywhere else--so that finally, some day  soon, every American can make theirs heard at the ballot box.   I yield the floor.   