 Madam Speaker, I thank the chair of the Rules Committee  for yielding me the time, and I thank his fellow committee members for  the hard work that they do and their staff putting in so many long  hours around this appropriations process.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for H.R. 3055. I would  like to focus my remarks on the fiscal year 2020 Agriculture, Rural  Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies  appropriations bill.   This bill includes robust funding for the U.S. Department of  Agriculture and the U.S. Food and Drug Administrations, two Federal  agencies that touch the life of every single American.   I am proud to serve on the subcommittee that oversees this bill, and  I am grateful to Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member Fortenberry for  working together to come up with a bipartisan bill that supports the  diversity of American agriculture.   As an example of the growing diversity of growing techniques that are  used by American farmers, in Maine, organic food sales increased 39  percent between 2012 and 2017. Producing food free of toxic chemicals  is better for the health of consumers, for the farmers, and for our  environment.   This bill supports growing markets, including organic and locally  grown food, by increasing the funding for the National Organic Program  to $18 million and providing $23.4 million for the Local Agriculture  Market Program.   The bill also boosts USDA efforts to reduce food waste by including  $1 million for a new composting and food reduction pilot program, as  well as $400,000 to establish the first Food Loss and Waste Reduction  Liaison at the USDA. This is important because 30 to 40 percent of the  food in this country is wasted. If food waste were a country, it would  be number three in admitting global greenhouse gases.   Additionally, the bill acknowledges that farmers are an integral part  of playing a positive role in climate change solutions. There is report  language urging the USDA to look at carbon markets for agriculture,  supporting the USDA's Regional Climate Hubs, and encouraging the USDA  to look at other opportunities to support farmers dealing with the  effects of climate change.    Lastly, Madam Speaker, the bill includes language  preventing the USDA from relocating the National Institute of Food and  Agriculture and the Economic Research Service.   I am deeply disappointed that the administration is moving forward  with this ill-conceived plan, and I will continue fighting on this on  behalf of NIFA and ERS employees.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the rule for H.R.  3055.   