 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following my  remarks on the floor, Senator Brown resume his remarks.    Mr. President, conservative, rightwing forces in our  country are engaged in an all-out assault on working people. Their  target? Private and public sector workers and the unions who are  fighting on their behalf. While private sector unions at least have  some protections under the National Labor Relations Act, public  employees have been historically forced to rely on Supreme Court  precedent to protect their basic rights.   That is why the Court's decision last year in Janus was so damaging.  In one fell swoop, the Court overturned more than 40 years of precedent  from the Abood decision and barred public sector unions from collecting  fair share fees from employees who had opted out of the union but whom  the union is still legally required to represent.   The Supreme Court's decision in Janus was not unexpected. Its  decision was the culmination of decades-long efforts by groups like the  Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation to undermine settled  precedent in Abood in order to weaken public sector unions. These  groups worked methodically to achieve their goals.   First, Justice Alito all but invited a challenge to Abood when he  wrote his decision in Knox v. SEIU Local 100 and Harris v. Quinn. He  called the justification for allowing a union to collect fair share  fees ``an anomaly.'' He said ``the Abood Court's analysis is  questionable on several grounds'' and laid out the grounds as he saw  them for someone to bring a case to overturn Abood.   This was an open invitation to conservative groups to then go looking  for a plaintiff to do just that--to create an opportunity for the  Supreme Court to overturn Abood. They funded Friedrichs v. California  Teachers Association, which was fast-tracked to the Supreme Court in  2016, where ``the signaler,'' Justice Alito, awaited the case. Public  employee unions received a temporary reprieve in a deadlocked 4-to-4  decision because of Justice Antonin Scalia's unexpected death.   The well-funded conservative interests then saw a huge opportunity to  fill the vacancy with a Justice to their liking. From applauding  Senator McConnell's single-handedly blocking the nomination of Merrick  Garland to spending millions to confirm Neil Gorsuch, they wanted a  Justice who was on their side.   They got it in Neil Gorsuch, who delivered the decisive fifth vote in  Janus, torpedoing 41 years of precedent under the pretext of protecting  ``fundamental free speech rights.'' Justice Elena Kagan saw right  through this argument. In a strong dissent, she said: ``The majority  overthrows a decision entrenched in this Nation's law . . . for over 40  years . . . and it does so by weaponizing the First Amendment, in a way  that unleashes judges, now and in the future, to intervene in economic  and regulatory policy.''   Undermining public employee unions and, in fact, all unions has  gained momentum because of the conservative majority on the Supreme  Court. With this narrow majority, we are likely to see a lot more 5-to- 4 decisions on ideological, partisan lines. This is not good for the  country and not good for the credibility of the Court. We need a  Supreme Court that strives to achieve consensus as often as possible,  not one pursuing a hard-right ideological agenda.   In the face of these onslaughts from the Supreme Court and  conservative interests, unions are fighting back. We have seen tens of  thousands of teachers taking to the streets in cities and States across  the country demanding and in many cases securing more investment in  schools, smaller class sizes, and a living wage for teachers.   In the year since Janus, public sector employee unions like AFSCME  are adding thousands of new dues-paying members energized to fight back  against the conservative assault on unions' very existence.   Our public employee unions are doing their job to stay in the fight  and Congress needs to do its part. That is why I joined 35 of my Senate  colleagues and 27 of my House colleagues this week to introduce the  Public Service Freedom to Negotiate Act of 2019.   This legislation affirms to all 17.3 million public sector workers  nationwide that we value their service to the public and that we are  fighting to protect their voice in the workplace.   Our bill codifies the right of public employees to organize, act  concertedly, and bargain collectively in States that currently do not  afford these basic rights.   Under our legislation, States have wide flexibility to write and  administer their own labor laws, provided they meet the standards  established in this legislation, and it will not preempt laws in States  that substantially meet or exceed this standard.   The right to organize shouldn't depend on whether or not your State  has robust worker protections, like the State of Hawaii, and workers  shouldn't be held captive to the anti-union bent of the Roberts Five on  the Supreme Court.    The fight to protect the right to organize is not an abstract issue.  Unions have lifted people into the middle class, especially women and  people of color.   I speak from personal experience. When I was a young child, my mother  worked for years in low-wage jobs that provided no job security, no  healthcare, and no stability. We lived paycheck to paycheck. That all  changed when my mother and her coworkers organized and formed a union.  That union happens to be the CWA.   Unionization brought job and economic security to our family. Our  public employee unions are fighting on behalf of millions of people  across our country who are serving our communities. They are our  teachers, our firefighters, social workers, EMTs, and our police  officers. They are us.   These are not normal times. We all need to come together to fight  back against an all-out assault on working people.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, today I wish to discuss Senate amendment  No. 861, offered by our colleague from Utah.   The author of the amendment, Senator Romney, and others have made  clear that this language does not constitute an authorization of the  use of military force, or AUMF. I agree with that assessment.   While this amendment appears to restate existing Presidential  authority to defend the country in the event of an attack, it includes  other language that could be interpreted to provide more authority to  the President. That concerns me, which is why I voted against this  amendment.   