 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from California for  yielding and commend her for her extraordinary leadership in having a  purpose and a mission to our national security. Her leadership on  having an authorization for the use of military force has been  unsurpassed in the Congress, and I thank her. I know she will have  amendments to that effect this legislation, as well.   Mr. Chair, I want to salute so many members of the Armed Services  Committee, starting with Chairman Smith, for his relentless efforts to  advance this strong bipartisan defense authorization legislation which  honors the values of our country, strengthens our security, and  advances America's leadership in the world.   One week after our Nation celebrated the birth of our democracy, the  Democratic House is proudly honoring that oath, the oath we take to  support and defend the Constitution and to protect the American people.  The Democratic majority is bringing forth responsible budgeting needed  for safe, strong, and smart defense.   This legislation keeps America strong with vital action to improve  the economic security and well-being of our servicemembers and  families, including a much-needed pay raise.   It keeps America safe with critical steps to promote collaboration  with our allies, harden our defenses against hostile foreign powers,  and meet the challenges of the future, including the climate crisis,  which is a national security issue.   And it keeps America smart by reaffirming Congress' constitutional  oversight responsibility over the President's military actions,  including by prohibiting funding for the deployment a new low-yield  nuclear missile warheads.   We applaud Representative Ro Khanna and the many bipartisan  cosponsors for their amendment to prohibit Federal funds from being  used for any military force against Iran without congressional  authorization.   As I rise to support the bill, I also rise to support Mr. Khanna's  amendment.   The bill--getting back to the bill--also is about family. It is about  survivor benefits. It protects children at the border who are facing an  appalling situation that is beyond the pale of civilized behavior.   I always say the same thing when people ask me what are the three  most important issues facing the Congress. I say the same thing: the  children, the children, the children.   This legislation prohibits Department of Defense funds from being  used to House unaccompanied children forcibly separated from their  parents or legal guardian by Customs and Border Protection near the  border or a port of entry. And it creates oversight, requiring DOD to  submit a certification that any housing provided to unaccompanied  children meets Department of Homeland Security standards, including  those provided in the Flores settlement.   We must take every action we can at every opportunity we find to end  this situation of the children and improve the health, safety, and  well-being of the children in custody.   In coming weeks, we will advance Congresswoman Escobar's legislation  to bring more accountability to the Department of Homeland Security and  medical care standard legislation, led by Congressman Ruiz, to ensure  the health and safety of children and/or adults in custody.   We support our Members who have led visits to the Border Patrol  stations to find the facts and who are leading the battle cry of action  on behalf of America's values about what we stand for.   So I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this important  legislation. Keep America strong. It is about a pay raise for our  troops, survivor benefits, about protecting our children, in addition  to, again, helping us honor our oath of office to protect and defend. I  urge a strong bipartisan vote for this bill to uphold our values and  strengthen America.   Mr. Chair, I again thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   