 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished woman  for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in reluctant support of this continuing  resolution, which would keep the government open until December 20,  2019.   As has been stated, but can't be stated enough, the House has done  its job. We passed our appropriations bills earlier this summer.  Unfortunately, the Senate failed to act in time, and now we are kicking  the can down the road yet again with a second CR.   A CR is destructive for our Federal agencies, but we need to keep the  government open, obviously. Fortunately, this CR has a few provisions  that make this bitter medicine more palatable.   It once again includes critical health extenders for Medicare and  Medicaid programs and for other benefit programs like Temporary  Assistance for Needy Families.  [[Page H9040]]    Notably, the bill also restores necessary funding for the Census  Bureau as it gears up for the 2020 Census, and it includes a 3.1  percent pay raise for our troops. As chairwoman of the Appropriations  Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee, I happily support this necessary pay raise for our  servicemembers.   But let me make this clear: We cannot responsibly govern by an  endless series of destructive continuing resolutions. These Band-Aids  keep the lights on but serve as de facto spending cuts for our Federal  agencies, and they handcuff short and longer term budget and project  planning.   Instead of locking ourselves into a series of CRs, it is imperative  that the Senate work with us in good faith to come to agreement on top- line funding numbers, and do so without taking all their marching  orders from the White House.   Passing CRs also abdicates our congressional power of the purse. The  Appropriations Committee put a lot of work and countless beneficial  provisions into our bills. We must not toss all of that thoughtful work  aside.   Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this CR. Our businesses, families,  and local communities deserve and need that budget certainty.   But I urge Congress to work out amongst ourselves a concrete path  forward to fulfill our appropriations responsibilities and resume  orderly funding of the government.   