 Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I want to thank our majority leader for designating his  time in managing the floor on the heels of the passage of today's  historic vote.   Today is a beacon of hope for so many families who have been burdened  by the outrageous costs of prescription drugs in this country.   Lower Drug Costs Now Act lowers drug costs now for the families who  are counting on us, the families who are burdened with exorbitant costs  of prescription drugs that they cannot afford. Lower prescription drugs  for the parents of a child with a rare disability who are wondering how  they can afford to pay that bill. Lower prescription drugs for the  retired American who worked all of their life and now cannot afford to  pay for that medication. Lower prescription drugs now for the senior  who is afraid to go to the pharmacy to pick up that prescription drug  because of what it might cost. Lower prescription drugs for a third of  Americans who do not get their prescription drugs because they cannot  afford them. That is what we are here today to do.   Some have chosen to listen to the drug companies. Some have chosen to  take their cues. Take it from somebody who worked in an innovation  research lab about the plight of research and development in this  country and the investments that go into funding basic innovation  research and how that gets done through public-private partnership. But  do not put the American people at the expense of that plight because we  know that our basic research dollars rest within the National  Institutes of Health, that they rest within the work that we are doing  in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.   This legislation today, my friends, this legislation appropriately  named after our beloved colleague, Elijah E. Cummings, someone who was  never afraid to stand up for what was right and who led by true and  pure example, we were so blessed to have stood in his light. And while  serving as the Chair of the Oversight Committee, he showed us the way  by uncovering many of these corrupt practices that have caused drug  prices to be out of reach for so many.   I am also especially pleased to highlight provisions in this bill  that were long championed by one of my great friends and mentors,  former Congressman Sander Levin. These provisions for the first time  will allow our Nation's older adults to receive coverage for dental,  vision, and hearing under Medicare. I hope Mr. Levin is proudly  watching as the House in which he served for 36 years, this very body,  delivers on this effort.   I can speak for members of the freshman class, who have stood on the  shoulders of the Members who have come before us to say that we were  sent to Washington with a mandate to bring down the cost of  prescription drugs and to deliver for the American people.  [[Page H10132]]    H.R. 3 is a long overdue change to the way we do business around  here. This will untie the hands of the Federal Government to negotiate  prices for the oldest and most expensive drugs in Medicare part D and  apply those prices to all Americans.   In my district, in Michigan's 11th District, southeastern Michigan,  H.R. 3, the Lower Prescription Drugs Now Act stands to benefit over  100,000 people enrolled in Medicare part D alone, as well as over  600,000 people who are enrolled in private health insurance.   We all know someone who has had their life impacted by cancer,  whether it be a parent, a cousin, a relative, a dear friend. For the  9,000 women diagnosed with breast cancer in Michigan this year, H.R. 3  will lower their medication by 65 percent from $69,000 to $23,000 per  year. For the 4,500 Michiganians diagnosed with prostate cancer this  year, H.R. 3, the Lower Prescription Drugs Now Act will lower the cost  of their medication from over $100,000 to $37,000 per year. And the  list goes on.   Many of these patients live as close as a 10-minute drive from Canada  in Michigan where Canadians are paying cents on the dollar for the  exact same drugs. We ask why should that be in a country as wealthy, as  prosperous, as innovative, as creative, and successful as ours? Drugs  like insulin. H.R. 3 will finally level the global playing field for  Americans.   The tremendous savings generated from H.R. 3, the Lower Prescription  Drugs Now Act, will go right back into the research to develop new  drugs with some of the savings also bringing us one step closer to  stemming the devastating tide of the opioid epidemic.   I ask my friends to join me in commandeering this opioid epidemic  that is ravaging far too many communities across this beautiful  country. Far too many communities. Where recent graduates from high  school say we go to our high school reunions in graveyards, in  cemeteries because of this opioid epidemic.   I am proud that this historic piece of legislation also includes a  bill that I had the privilege of authoring to lower prescription drug  costs for lower-income, older adults, who are enrolled in the lowest  cost part D plan that covers their medication needs.   The time is now, and I urge my colleagues, I implore them, to follow  the will of their constituents and pass H.R. 3, the Lower Drug Costs  Now Act of 2019.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Washington (Ms. DelBene).    Madam Chair, I think we are all here to make sure that  every Alzheimer's patient and every family affected by Alzheimer's has  access to the lowest, most affordable prescription drugs possible,  which is why we are so pleased to be ushering in today's piece of  legislation.   Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr.  Horsford).    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Crow).    Madam Chair, I yield myself 30 seconds.   As a subtle point of clarification, today, as we embark on a historic  moment, we are looking to pass the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs  Now legislation, not the invest in R&D act. Embracing the status quo  for the millions of Americans who are counting on us is certainly fully  and wholly unacceptable.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Arizona (Mrs. Kirkpatrick).    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Rouda).    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 30 seconds.   Mr. Chairman, it is a fact that pharmaceutical drug companies spend  more on marketing than they do on R&D.   It is a fact that life expectancy in this country is going down, and  it has gone down for the third year in a row.   It is a fact that we are in a moment of crisis, and now is the time  for us to pass the Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Mrs.  Lee), who is my good friend.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Slotkin), who is my dear friend.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Rose), my friend.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House.    Mr. Chairman, if the gentleman from Texas is prepared to  close, I am prepared to close.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chairman, we have heard compelling argument today. We have heard  compelling argument around the need and the reason to lower the costs  of prescription drugs now. We are taking bold and reasonable steps  today to bring down the costs of prescription drugs in this country. It  is a significant and historic day that ushers in a beacon of hope for  so many.   The answer from our Democratic majority today is solutions, solutions  based on fact, solutions based on the guiding principle of the people,  who we represent, to deliver for them.   The question is, when will we do something? Today, our legislation,  the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act, that is what we are  going to be passing, lowering drug costs now for the people who cannot  wait, for the child of parents who are pushed to the brink, for the  older American who is afraid to go to the pharmacy to pick up their  prescription drug because of what it might cost, for the senior who is  afraid to go to the doctor just to get that prescription, for the one- third of Americans who forgo their prescription drugs because of their  costs.   President Truman said that America is not built on fear. America is  built on imagination. America is built on courage. And America is built  on the willingness to do the job at hand.  [[Page H10140]]    That, my friends, is what our majority is doing here today, tackling  a solution for the millions of people, the countless number of people,  whose voices only make their way into this Chamber by those who  represent them, not the large multinational company that has more money  than it knows what to do with. It is for the individual, hardworking  American, which is why, today, I ask my colleagues to join me in  passing the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act for every  American, for the people, by the people.   This is a historic and proud day, Mr. Chairman, and this is what we  came here for.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   