 Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Speier), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I not only rise in strong support of this  amendment proposed by my colleague, Congresswoman Speier, but I rise  today as a survivor of sexual violence.   Let me be clear: Every single survivor of sexual assault and sexual  violence deserves justice and deserves  [[Page H4574]]  healing. For far too long, we have made excuses about a culture that  tolerates violence, discredits survivors, and looks the other way.  Justice has been delayed.   Today, we are fighting to change that. We are speaking up. We are  standing up. We are speaking out, demanding that we end tolerance of  rape culture.   The CDC's Rape Prevention and Education program has been woefully  ignored and underfunded. Our amendment increases critical funding and  puts us one step closer to treating sexual assault as the public health  crisis that it is.   Using a public health frame to tackle this systemic issue can have a  transformative impact on the lives of the women, men, and nonbinary  individuals affected by sexual violence.   Our prevention approaches must be grounded in data and the lived  experiences of our constituents. We must teach consent, promote  understanding, and reshape the status quo in our workplaces, our  households, and our schools.   To my survivor tribe, we hear you. We see you. We are fighting for  you. This one is for you.   I thank the gentlewoman from California for her partnership on this  issue, and I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I rise today in support of this amendment  and applaud my friend and colleague, Representative Jeffries, for his  leadership in the fight against this calloused administration and its  efforts to roll back critical civil rights protections for millions of  students across this country.   Under Secretary DeVos' failed leadership, OCR has scuttled more than  1,200 civil rights complaints, hastily dismissing cases, closing  investigations, and depriving students and families of justice.   At the same time, the Education Department has taken one action after  another to make schools less safe for Black and Brown students, queer  and trans students, students with disabilities, and sexual assault  survivors.   The Department has rescinded critical Obama-era guidance intended to  protect students from excessive disciplinary practices that  disproportionately push out Black and Brown students and students with  disabilities and exacerbate the school-to-prison pipeline.   The agency has proposed rules that would make it harder for survivors  of sexual violence to seek justice and easier for K-12 schools and  universities to sweep these cases under the rug.   Instead of ensuring that all students have access to quality  education, she embraces and promotes private schools and voucher  schemes that would funnel Federal funds to schools that explicitly  discriminate against LGBTQ students, all while defanging the very  office intended to enforce the law and do right by students and  families.   Our amendment would block Secretary DeVos' efforts to dismantle this  office. We finally say enough is enough.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, a school nurse saved my life. Throughout  grade school, I was a frequent flier at the nurse's office, not because  anything was physically wrong with me, but because the nurse's office  was a place of refuge from the destabilizing, predatory abuse that I  was experiencing at the hands of people charged with my care.   Instability, abuse, food insecurity, and violence are serious  systemic issues that are significant barriers to learning. Trauma is a  barrier to learning.   According to the National Child Traumatic Stress Network, more than  25 percent of American youth experience a serious traumatic event--such  as sexual abuse, community violence, displacement--by their 16th  birthday, and many children suffer multiple and repeated traumas.   Health and education are inextricably linked, and it remains one of  the greatest public health challenges of our time.   As a Boston city councilor, I fought for equitable access to school  nurses in the Boston Public Schools system, and as a Member of  Congress, I plan to do the same.   My amendment provides $5 million to fund high-quality healthcare for  children and young people in schools and  [[Page H4624]]  to support school-based health centers, a critical safety net for our  Nation's youth.   School-based health centers provide excellent, accessible, trusted  healthcare and information for students.   I firmly believe students who are present and healthy are best  prepared and able to learn. That is true for children across my own  district in the Massachusetts Seventh and all districts throughout our  country.   Today, nearly 4 million children are uninsured and lack access to  necessary healthcare services. There are children living in poverty for  whom school-based health centers and nurses are their only source of  accessible primary and mental healthcare.   Rates of suicide, childhood chronic illness, and community gun  violence are on the rise. This is a public health crisis. It is  downright irresponsible, unconscionable for us to ignore it.   In addition to funding high-quality and accessible healthcare, my  amendment leverages the safety and convenience of neighborhood schools,  like those across the Massachusetts Seventh, to improve the health and  well-being of students and help families access the quality healthcare  they need.   School-based health centers provide comprehensive healthcare to  children and young people in a setting that they trust, a setting that  is familiar, and a setting that is accessible at their school.   It was a school nurse who picked up on the signs. Like so many  children, some act out and some shut down, and I was one of those who  shut down. Were it not for a school nurse who saw the signs that I was  exhibiting of distress and trauma, I doubt that I would be here  standing before you today.   There are young people like Sofia, a junior at a Boston public high  school whom I spoke with recently, who visited the school nurse and  revealed that she was depressed, suicidal, and missing school. The  proximity to the school nurse's staff made her feel safe and listened  to, and they helped her brainstorm ways to talk to her parents. Within  a week, she was in school-based counseling, with the consent of her  parents, as well as working to manage her assignments.   Unfortunately, Sofia's story isn't unique. There are many students  who struggle under the weight of mental health and trauma every day.   It was a former Surgeon General who once said: ``We can't educate  children who are not healthy, and we can't keep them healthy if they  aren't educated.''   It is our moral imperative to support children in their health and  wholeness. My amendment asks Congress to do the right thing, the smart  thing, and invest in school-based health centers to improve the health  and well-being of our Nation's youth.   Madam Chair, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from Connecticut  (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I could argue that this amendment will  actually find administrative savings to cover healthcare costs.   Further, it has been my experience that the elders and the  grandparents I work with are deeply concerned about the state of their  grandchildren and the growing chronic illness, mental health, substance  abuse issues, rates of suicide.   Furthermore, persistent disparities exist in my district and  districts throughout the country where ZIP Code determines your health  outcomes.   Children in Dorchester are two times more likely to be hospitalized,  three times more for asthma, than children in more affluent parts of my  district.   We should leverage every tool available to us to ensure that all  children, regardless of where they live, have access to the health  services they need to thrive.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   