 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, let me first thank our Appropriations  Committee chair, Mr. Price, as well as the members of the Rules  Committee for making this amendment in order.   This is a budget-neutral amendment that would increase the funds  dedicated to Federal homeless assistance grants by $1 million. These  grants fund programs that have been shown to play key roles in  addressing homelessness. In my hometown, for example, these funds  support providers like Catholic Housing Services, which supports people  who are formerly homeless, and like Plymouth Housing, which offers  housing using the highly effective evidence-based permanent supportive  housing model.   In my district, Mr. Chairman, we have 11,000 homeless folks, people  who are experiencing homelessness, and they need help. We need more of  these programs across the country.   Across the country, neighbors are experiencing homelessness and  housing instability, and that instability can take many forms. It can  be the veteran sleeping under an overpass, the child whose family is  staying with friends and relatives, the low-wage worker who just can't  even earn enough to leave the shelter, or the former foster youth who  bounces in and out of cheap motels.   Some of these forms of homelessness are highly visible, others, like  the housing instability experienced by families and by people living in  rural areas, are often much harder to see, but every form of  homelessness is deeply harmful.   That housing instability harms children's health. Kids and families  facing housing instability had an almost 20 percent increased risk of  hospitalization. Being homeless exacerbates physical and mental health  issues and causes illness where, before, people had been healthy. And  women who are unstably housed face high rates of rape and sexual and  physical violence.   This suffering is cruel and unnecessary, and it is preventable. We  all lose a piece of our humanity when we leave our unhoused  neighborhoods behind. I hope we can do better with this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price),  our distinguished subcommittee chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   