 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we have finally completed our work on  S. 47, the Natural Resources Management Act. We had a good day  yesterday. We had a good day here in the U.S. Senate. We passed this  significant bill--really, a landmark piece of legislation--out of the  Senate by a vote of 92 to 8. That is pretty strong. You don't see a lot  of that in the Senate anymore--every now and again, and this was one of  those every now and agains. I appreciate all the work.   We have now sent this over to the House of Representatives, and it  has some good momentum. We are looking forward to being able to work  with the House. I encourage them to move quickly on this important  measure and see it enacted into law.   I want to take just a few moments this afternoon, while I can, to  thank so many who have been key in getting us to this point. I want to  start my comments with acknowledging the former ranking member of the  Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Senator Cantwell from  Washington. We have spent a lot of time together. We have spent a lot  of time over the years working on these lands bills. We did it in the  public forum through the committee process. We had hearings on hundreds  of bills. We worked to refine and reach agreement on them and to report  them from committee. So there was all of that process, which went on  throughout the committee, and then the two of us sitting down with our  staffs on noncommittee time, just working through these particulars, in  many meetings in my office and in her office. We really did this on a  bipartisan basis. We stuck together. There were times when the  prospects for this package did not look so good, and then there were  moments when it looked even worse than not so good. But we kind of  pulled one another along. I think that is a tribute to the commitment  we made as colleagues and partners in this to advance not just to a  message but to a product. I truly think that is a tribute to Senator  Cantwell and her willingness to work together to find a path forward.   Then we weren't able to finish things at the end of the year. Senator  Cantwell moved over to another committee, and I had an opportunity to  pick up with Senator Manchin. He picked up.   Here he comes in, a new ranking member, and he has a bill to help  manage on the floor with some 100-plus bills. But he helped us in a way  that I am most, most grateful for. He kept us on track and helped us  secure a very strong final tally here.   I am also very grateful to my other corners, the chairman and ranking  member of the Natural Resources Committee on the House side, Chairman  Grijalva and Ranking Member Bishop. I thank them for their exceptional,  exceptional work on this package and look forward to working with them  as we finish this out.   Next on my list are Leader McConnell and Senator Schumer. The  minority leader is here. We had a conversation on the floor just about  where he is sitting--this was back in December. But the two leaders  gave their commitment to take this bill up early this year. They kept  that commitment. They made it happen. I thank them for what they did in  recognizing that this public lands, resources, and waters bill deserved  early attention in this new Congress.   I mentioned on the floor that there were many colleagues on both  sides: Senator Heinrich, Senator Gardner, Senator Daines from Montana,  Senator Wyden from Oregon, all of whom have been great partners here on  the floor.   It is important to briefly mention the staffs, who put in the long  hours--the work and the family life they gave up.   The first person on my list to recognize is my deputy chief counsel,  Lucy Murfitt, who is truly an expert, a true expert on the lands issue.  She has poured her heart and soul into these issues, and it is no  exaggeration to say they would not have happened without her efforts.   I also thank my staff director, Brian Hughes; my chief counsel,  Kellie Donnelly; the members of my lands team, Annie Hoefler, Lane  Dickson, and Michelle Lane; our communications team, Nicole Daigle,  Michelle Toohey, and Tonya Parish; our support staff, including Melissa  Enriquez and Sean Solie; then Brianne Miller and Isaac Edwards, who  basically kept the committee running while everyone else was focusing  on this bill.   While I am proud of my team, we had great partners on the other side  of the aisle. Sarah Venuto and Lance West joined the committee with  Senator Manchin, and they have been great to work with. Sam Fowler,  David Brooks, Rebecca Bonner, Bryan Petit, Camille Touton, Mary Louise  Wagner, and Amit Ronen also played key roles.   Then on the House side, we had David Watkins and Brandon Bragato of  Chairman Grijalva's staff, along with Parish Braden and Cody Stewart,  who has now left the Hill, of Ranking Member Bishop's staff.   I have to give a shout-out for the floor staff. Laura Dove and her  team were fabulous. We also appreciate our Parliamentarians, Elizabeth  McDonough and Leigh Hildebrand; Terry Van Doren with Leader McConnell;  and Aniela Butler at the Senate Budget Committee.   Two of the individuals who probably put the most time into this  package, Heather Burnham and Christina Kennelly, are in the Office of  Senate Leg Counsel. I also thank Janani Shankaran, Kim Cawley, and  Aurora Swanson at CBO.   Great members, great team--we could not have done this great work  without them.   To Senator Schumer, I say thank you for allowing me to complete this  in its entirety. I appreciate your indulgence.   