 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment.    Mr. Chair, the Violence Against Women Act is the  cornerstone of our Nation's response to domestic violence, sexual  assault, dating violence, and stalking. VAWA's community response model  helps abuse victims find safety and receive services, while holding  thousands of perpetrators accountable for their actions.   I would like to commend Congresswoman Karen Bass, Congresswoman  Sheila Jackson Lee, and leadership for their commitment to making this  legislation a priority of this Congress.   Mr. Chair, the U.S. territories, including my district of the U.S.  Virgin Islands, along with Puerto Rico, Guam, the Northern Mariana  Islands, and American Samoa, are eligible for the Violence Against  Women Act programs under the Departments of Justice and Health and  Human Services.   For example, the Sexual Assault Services Formula Grant authorized  under VAWA provides funding to support rape crisis centers and assist  individuals who have been sexually assaulted. The Office on Violence  Against Women awards no less than 1.5 percent of the total amount  appropriated for the program to each State, the District of Columbia,  and Puerto Rico. The Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, and the  Northern Mariana Islands are awarded a base amount of 1 quarter of 1  percent of the total appropriation.   In fiscal years 2017-2018, the smaller territories each received just  $60,000 in funding under the Sexual Assault Services Formula Program.  My amendment would double the minimum amount made available to these  U.S. territories under the program. This funding is sorely needed at  this time.   According to mental health professionals in the Virgin Islands, a  recent increase in domestic violence cases can partially be attributed  to the residual stress of the disastrous hurricanes of 2017. Even  before this uptick, however, the territories were massively  underequipped to shelter and protect the victims of violence, and the  situation has only worsened since.   Mr. Chair, my amendment would similarly double the minimum amount  made available to the small territories for transitional housing  services, including housing for victims for whom emergency shelter  services are unavailable or insufficient and to move individuals into  permanent housing.   In the Virgin Islands, assistance for emergency and transitional  housing is crucially important, as the territory has seen housing costs  skyrocket since the aforementioned disasters. Without this assistance,  many women have no hope of escaping life-threatening situations.   There is currently one domestic violence and abuse program on St.  Thomas offering a hotline and emergency shelter. On the island of St.  Croix, there is one program which offers a hotline and emergency  shelter to victims.   Undeniably, there is a need for more funding to provide additional  services. This amendment takes a positive step towards addressing the  additional funding needs to adequately assist and protect women and  children of the Virgin Islands and other territories who lived through  the horror of violence this bill seeks to protect them from.   I would like to acknowledge and thank the Women's Coalition and the  Virgin Islands Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Council on St.  Croix and the Family Resource Center on St. Thomas for their passionate  and continued work to provide services and training on prevention to  the victims of abuse and their families.   I would also like to acknowledge and thank my colleague across the  aisle, Congresswoman Aumua Amata Coleman Radewagen of American Samoa,  for cosponsoring this amendment to improve services for women and  children in the U.S. island territories.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I just want to thank my colleague and my  good friend--indeed, my sister--from the neighboring island of Puerto  Rico for her support of this legislation and, as a member of the larger  island, speaking on behalf of the smaller islands and territories.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   