 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  bipartisan bill and the accompanying conference report for the National  Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020.   As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Intelligence and  Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am proud of our oversight and  legislative activities this year.   The bill before the House incorporates four broad subcommittee  themes.   First, it recharges our national security innovation base to confront  emerging threats and advance our science and technology ecosystem,  while also making it easier for small businesses to engage with DOD. We  authorize the establishment of new partnerships in the field of  hypersonics and quantum sciences. We extend unique hiring authorities  to the Joint AI Center and to DARPA to ensure that the best talent  available is made available to solve our hardest national security  problems. This bill also establishes a White House working group to  protect Federal research and intellectual property from foreign  interference, espionage, and theft.    Second, this bill recognizes the urgency and importance of U.S.  leadership in 5G technology and mandates the development of a DOD 5G  strategy.   Third, this NDAA strengthens congressional oversight of cyber  operations and enhances the Department's cybersecurity strategy and  cyber warfare capabilities. It builds upon the work of previous NDAAs  to ensure cyber is a fully integrated warfighting function across the  Department. It increases congressional notification requirements for  military cyber operations and improves cybersecurity cooperation with  the Defense industrial base.   Finally, this bill contains important authorities for sensitive  military operations and activities, including cyber, counterterrorism,  and intelligence. These authorities are vital to meet the  [[Page H10086]]  threats identified in the National Defense Strategy.   Before I conclude, I would like to thank Ranking Member Thornberry,  Chairman Smith, Senator Inhofe, and Senator Reed for their leadership  through this conference process.   I particularly want to thank my partner and the subcommittee chair,  Congressman  Jim Langevin from Rhode Island, for his strong partnership  and what we have delivered from this subcommittee.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   