 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in honoring Judge  Damon J. Keith, who passed away last month.   The grandson of slaves, Judge Keith served more than 50 years on the  Federal bench, where he consistently ruled to uphold civil rights and  civil liberties.   Judge Keith leaves behind a legacy of fostering equal opportunity and  fighting for the little guy. Unfortunately, this legacy is under  threat.   The Trump administration is proposing yet another idea that will hurt  working families. The administration wants to change the way poverty is  measured to artificially reduce the number of people who are considered  poor. That means fewer people will be eligible for programs like SNAP  and WIC and Medicaid.   I am disappointed, but I am not surprised. The latest attempt to gut  the social safety net just goes to show how out of touch this  administration is with the needs of everyday Americans.   This administration has proposed cutting nutrition benefits for an  estimated 755,000 people just because they cannot find jobs. They have  threatened to take money away from the Pell Grant Program that provides  a pathway to higher education for millions of low-income students.   The President has consistently tried to cut funding for essential  programs like Medicaid, public housing, Head Start, and more. And while  passing a tax cut to benefit corporations and millionaires, the little  people have been left out.   We need serious solutions to combat income inequality. Pretending  that poor people don't exist is not the solution at all. Instead of  changing the way we measure poverty, we need to strengthen programs  that help people who are struggling.   We need to raise the minimum wage. We need a living wage. Working  hard is not enough if you don't make enough.   We need to expand access to quality nutrition and housing, and we  need to make sure that students have equal access to higher education.   I am proud to stand tonight with my colleagues against the  administration's ongoing attacks on working people and families and so  proud to praise and honor Judge Damon J. Keith, who worked so hard to  preserve our rights.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to continuing our efforts to make sure  that working families and low-income Americans have access to all of  the services that they need.   