 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   I respect my Committee on Energy and Commerce colleagues, but I  cannot support this motion to recommit. What we have today is an  opportunity to live up to our promise.   Democrats promised.   Republicans promised.   Even the President promised to lower prescription drug costs.   Let's not get this confused or mixed up. Colleagues, I want to just  make it plain: The Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act, H.R. 3,  is about three things: Fairness, hope, and legacy.   Fairness: Is it fair that the United States pays 2, 3, or 60 times  more for the same drug as other countries?   Is it fair that in a capitalist country our government can't  negotiate? We can negotiate for planes, but we can't negotiate for  insulin?   The Congressional Budget Office says that H.R. 3 will lower out-of- pocket costs and premiums for those on Medicare and it will reduce  premiums for 180 million Americans who have private insurance. American  households will save $120 billion over 10 years.   Let me put it another way: These same Americans will see their cash  wages increase by $116 billion. It is about fairness. H.R. 3 is about  hope.   As AARP has shared, it gives seniors hope that with savings from this  bill, we will modernize and expand Medicare and cap part D out-of- pocket costs. The $2,000 cap could be the difference between a  lifesaving pill and somebody's rent.   Hope: With the savings generated from this bill, we can expand  Medicare coverage to include hearing, vision, and dental.   Hope: We can accelerate the great American tradition of innovative  research for scientific breakthroughs and cures for the National  Institutes of Health.   And with H.R. 3, we will provide patients like David Mitchell, who  testified before our committee about his personal experience with  cancer. And what he said is that it taught him something: Drugs don't  work if people can't afford them. In other words, if you can't afford  it, you don't have it.   So, lastly, this will provide us a legacy.   