 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 256, the Esther  Martinez Native American Languages Programs Reauthorization Act.   There are many critical needs in Indian Country, and the Federal  Government has an obligation to fulfill our trust and Tribal  responsibilities. This commitment includes reauthorizing the Esther  Martinez Immersion grants so that Congress ensures Indian students have  the opportunity to study, learn, and speak their Tribal languages.   The National Congress of American Indians says it best: A language  ``encompasses and expresses a worldview shaped by centuries, in some  cases tens of thousands of years of experience, knowledge, practices,  spiritual beliefs, and relationships between a people, its neighbors,  and its environment, which cannot be replicated in any other tongue.''   Language is paramount to one's identity. The gift of language allows  a person to carry their culture from their ancestors to the present and  on to the next generation to come.   Esther Martinez grants have empowered Tribes to establish immersion  programs, making it possible for more Tribal communities to maintain  their Native languages and pass along centuries-old cultural heritage.   These grants will benefit not only Native American Tribal Nations  across the country but also Native Hawaiians, Native Alaskans, and  Pacific Islander communities, giving them the ability to protect and  rejuvenate indigenous languages.   Without urgent action to reauthorize these grants, too many  communities risk losing the Native languages of their ancestors.   As chair emeritus of the Native American Caucus, I have worked to  increase funding for Esther Martinez programs, and I will continue to  make Native languages and their preservation and education a priority.   Mr. Speaker, as the 116th Congress moves forward, we must prioritize  our Federal trust and treaty obligations. We must do so in a way that  respects Native culture and strengthens Native communities.  Reauthorizing the Esther Martinez Native American Language Preservation  Act brings us one step closer to this goal.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  legislation, and in the words of the Ojibwe, ``miigwech.''   