 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to this  administration's nomination of Chad Wolf to be Under Secretary for  Strategy, Policy, and Plans at the Department of Homeland Security. I  stand here today opposed not only to Mr. Wolf's nomination but also to  the way in which this administration is circumventing the  constitutional requirement of advice and consent to make Mr. Wolf the  head of the third largest Department in the Federal Government.   By the President's own admission, Mr. Wolf is slated to immediately  be appointed to serve indefinitely in the position of Acting Secretary  of Homeland Security. Thus, our votes tonight and tomorrow are  effectively to confirm Chad Wolf to be Acting Secretary of the entire  Department of Homeland Security, despite limited vetting, no committee  vote, and no confirmation hearing for this position.   But this is about more than just an egregious attempt to bypass the  Senate's role of advice and consent for Cabinet nominees. Rather, this  evening's vote will advance a nominee who played an integral role in  this administration's cruel family separation policy, and tonight's  vote is about the refusal of this administration to address its  treatment of detained children.   That is why I was so disappointed to see cloture filed on Chad Wolf's  nomination. I placed a hold on Mr. Wolf's nomination to be Under  Secretary as a result of the ongoing humanitarian crisis at the  southern border, which began and grew during Mr. Wolf's tenure as chief  of staff to DHS Secretary Nielsen.   Between July 2017 and June 2018, while Mr. Wolf held the position of  chief of staff, 2,800 migrant children were separated from their  parents and held in DHS custody under this administration's cruel, so- called ``zero tolerance'' immigration policy.   Even today, we don't know the extent of the damage. Just last week,  reports identified 1,500 more children who were separated from their  parents during that time. We do, however, know from emails that Chad  Wolf played a leading role in developing, suggesting, and implementing  this inhumane policy.   When I asked him if he had helped to develop the administration's  family separation policy, he said: ``No, ma'am.'' When I asked him if  he had concerns with the policy of indefinitely separating children  from their parents, Mr. Wolf said: ``My job wasn't to determine if it  was the right or wrong policy.''  [[Page S6499]]    When I asked him how he became aware of the policy, he stated that he  learned about it in April of 2018. Emails now show that Mr. Wolf had  been participating in meetings discussing family separation as far back  as December of 2017. The emails showed that Mr. Wolf provided then- Secretary Nielsen a list of 16 options to limit immigration, one of  which was to separate families.   Even before these emails came to light, I found Mr. Wolf's failure to  take responsibility for his direct involvement in the administration's  cruel family separation policy to be both misleading and disingenuous,  which is why I voted against his nomination in committee.    I also placed a hold on both Mr. Wolf's nomination and that of DHS  CFO nominee Troy Edgar until the inhumane and substandard conditions  for children at CBP processing and detention facilities improved  significantly. Reports from journalists, attorneys, and advocates  detailed ongoing horrific conditions, making it clear that DHS was not  taking the actions needed to care for and treat migrant children at the  southern border.   I witnessed these conditions firsthand. When I toured detention  facilities at the border earlier this year, what I saw was entirely  consistent with the news and DHS inspector general reports about the  horrific and inhumane conditions there: children freezing, scared, and  unsure of what would happen to them next. The children didn't know if  they would ever see their parents again. Even the parents didn't know  when their next meal would be, when their next shower would be, and how  long they would be there. The anxiety and despair was palpable.   Amidst this crisis at the border, I placed a hold on Mr. Wolf. My  requests of the Department were simple--that every child under the care  of the United States of America be treated humanely. I requested that  DHS hire more pediatricians for CBP facilities, that they bring on  child welfare professionals to care for and provide services to the  children in CBP custody, and that they increase NGO access to CBP  facilities.   Regarding these specific requests, DHS has not adequately addressed  the concerns. This is why I maintain my hold on Mr. Wolf's nomination  and why my hold on Mr. Edgar will remain until these conditions  improve.   With this in mind, we cannot allow a nominee like Mr. Wolf to move  forward, especially when we know he is going to be moved right up to  Acting Secretary, a position where the President can keep him  indefinitely without a confirmation hearing and without the advice and  consent of the Senate.   It is an end run around our constitutional role, one of the most  important checks we have on the executive branch. It is also not the  process we should accept for filling a Cabinet-level position in the  third largest Department in the Federal Government, one charged with  the critical job of protecting our homeland.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote against  cloture on Mr. Wolf's nomination tonight and against his confirmation  tomorrow, and I pledge to work with all of you and the administration  to identify nominees to lead the Department whom we can all support.   I yield the floor.   