 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 10 minutes.    Mr. President, it seems that every week now, I come to  the floor to say the same thing, which is that healthcare is not  political; it is personal. There is no part of healthcare that is more  personal than the decision regarding if, when, and under what  circumstances to have a child. And that certainly is the case when  things go terribly wrong, which they sometimes do. These reproductive  health decisions need to be made by women in consultation with their  doctors, their families, and their faith. That is what the Supreme  Court has ruled. They should not be made by politicians--mainly men-- looking to score political points from women's personal tragedies. Yet,  once again, that is what the Republicans are doing right now.   I have a question. How dare you pretend to care about the health of  women and babies when all of your actions suggest otherwise?   Unfortunately, Republicans haven't noticed, but we have a real  healthcare crisis involving women and babies in this country. In most  of the world, fewer and fewer women are dying from childbirth--not here  in the United States. Our maternal mortality rate is climbing. More  women are dying. Our infant mortality rate ranks a shameful 32 among  the world's 35 wealthiest nations. That means we have more babies who  aren't surviving through the first year of their life because of lack  of healthcare, nutrition, and other issues.   The Republican majority should be working with us and taking action  to improve health outcomes for moms and babies. Instead, they are busy  trying to take away their healthcare.   Between 2010 and 2018, the Republican majority in Congress voted to  repeal or weaken the Affordable Care Act more than 70 times--7-0. Now  the Trump administration has stepped in to help. Last June and August,  they expanded access to association health plans and short-term plans.  We just call them junk plans because they don't cover so many basics,  like prescription drugs, mental health care, and--you guessed it-- maternity care.   Let me remind everyone that before the Affordable Care Act, most  insurance companies did not cover prenatal care and maternity care as a  basic part of healthcare. Women had to go out  [[Page S2316]]  and pay extra, get a rider to cover something that is a basic part of  our healthcare.   Thanks to these junk plans that don't cover maternity care, and other  sabotage, it is estimated that right now comprehensive health insurance  costs 16.6 percent more than it otherwise would because of these  efforts to undermine, sabotage, and take away healthcare. Does that  sound like the Republican majority cares about moms and babies?   Now the Department of Justice has announced that it agrees with the  Federal judge in Texas who said the entire Affordable Care Act must be  struck down. This is something the President has enthusiastically  embraced.   The entire Affordable Care Act is at stake, including Medicaid  expansion for low-income workers who want to work but now have to  choose between working and having healthcare coverage, children staying  on their parents' plans until age 26, and protections for people with  preexisting conditions.   In other words, if a baby is born with spina bifida, a heart defect,  a genetic condition, or any other health problem, insurance companies  would once again, under these plans, be able to deny them coverage or  subject them to lifetime limits like we used to have. Does that sound  like policies that care about moms and babies?    By the way, to emphasize that they support President Trump 100  percent, 2 weeks ago Senate Republicans passed a budget resolution out  of committee on a party-line vote that once again has language to  repeal the Affordable Care Act with no replacement. Sorry, moms and  babies, you are on your own. And don't go looking to Medicaid for  health coverage either. The Trump budget would cut $1.5 trillion from  Medicaid over 10 years--trillion. That is the same Medicaid that covers  half of all babies born in America. When you gut Medicaid, you are  keeping moms and babies from getting the healthcare they need. Does  that sound as though Republicans care about moms and babies?   If our Republican colleagues really care about the health of moms and  babies, here is what they should be doing and joining us to do: They  would pass a bill to guarantee that every insurance plan covers  prenatal and maternity care, like what is available under the  Affordable Care Act. They would reaffirm the Affordable Care Act's  protections for people with preexisting conditions, not just saying the  words but actually making sure people with preexisting conditions are  covered. And they would strengthen healthcare for moms and babies  through the Children's Health Insurance Program and Medicaid.   A few years ago, the Finance Committee reported out a bill that I led  with Senator Grassley called the Quality Care for Moms and Babies Act.  This bill would create a set of maternal and infant quality care  measures under CHIP and Medicaid--the Children's Health Insurance  Program and Medicaid. The goal is simple: improving maternal and infant  health outcomes. We need quality standards across the country.   Right now, half the births are through Medicaid. There are not  consistent quality standards across the country to make sure there are  healthy opportunities for prenatal care and maternity care.   The Quality Care for Moms and Babies Act would help make sure that  every mom gets the best pregnancy care possible and every baby gets a  healthy start. If our Republican colleagues care so much about the  health of moms and babies, instead of politicizing issues around  reproductive health and women's ability to make their own choices-- instead of politicizing what is happening around reproductive health,  they would join us in making the Quality Care for Moms and Baby Act a  reality.   It is time to stop the cynical, political stunts. It is time to trust  women to make the best reproductive healthcare decisions for  themselves, their families, and their futures. It is time to take  action to resolve the maternal and infant health crisis in this  country. It is also time to ensure that every mom and every baby has  the healthcare they need for a healthy life.   This is the United States of America; we can do better for our moms  and babies than is currently being done. Democrats are ready to take  real action to join with our Republican colleagues. It is time they  join us in protecting the health of moms and babies.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   