 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding in a  very gracious and generous way. More importantly, I want to thank her  for her tremendous leadership as chair of the Appropriations Committee  to bring a bill to the floor that has shared values, meeting the needs  of the American people. And I want to commend Ranking Member Kay  Granger for her leadership, as well, so that we can have strong,  bipartisan support in meeting the needs of the American people.   I congratulate Madam Chair for getting all of our bills done this  summer. The gentlewoman worked around the clock and across the aisle to  overcome any opposition and to craft a strong appropriation package  that we are bringing to the floor.   As the gentlewoman mentioned, I am an appropriator, and when I served  on committee I had always said to the administration and to others:  When left to their own devices, our appropriators can get the job done.  They have experience in working in a bipartisan way, they understand  everyone's concerns, regional needs, and the rest, and that we must by  the clock get the job done. I thank the gentlewoman for doing that and  making today possible.   Madam Speaker, this weekend I was pleased to join a bipartisan  delegation to observe the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge.  We spent time in Luxembourg and in Belgium where so much of that  conflict took place. We  [[Page H10595]]  met with the leaders of the community, the king, the queen, and the  archduke; and that was all wonderful.   But what was really important, and the purpose of our visit was to  meet with our own veterans--now 75 years later, who are revisiting the  site--and to thank them, to hear their ongoing stories, and to hear  their purpose in fighting.   Some of them were as young as 18 years old at the Battle of the  Bulge. Do the math. They are in their nineties. One of them told me he  was 20, and one was 21. The oldest one is 98 years old now. But all of  them were full of vitality and concern about our country as we go  forward. We promised them in a tribute to their courage, their  determination, and their patriotism that we know that our  responsibility is to build a future worthy of their sacrifice and that  we also want to always be ready to meet the needs of our men and women  in uniform today as they protect and defend democracy and freedom as  our valiant veterans did 75 years ago.   Mr. Conaway was with us on that trip--a very valued leader on that  trip--and I think you will agree, Madam Speaker, that America was truly  blessed by the courage of our veterans then and now.   So I am glad that in this legislation we meet the needs of those who  are providing for our defense and the security of our country to make  us the home of the brave and the land of the free.   I do believe that our success on this legislation began when working  together we were able to come to an agreement on the caps in funding to  make sure that although we obviously all support our national security,  we want to be sure that people understood that we measure the strength  of America not just in our military might but in the health, education,  and well-being of the American people, and this part of the legislation  does just that.   We will vote on the earlier part and now on the part that deals with,  shall we say, the health and well-being of the American people. With  this agreement we are investing in the good health of the American  people. We are protecting the quality of affordable healthcare of  millions as we permanently repeal healthcare taxes and block the  President's ACA sabotage nuclear options by preventing him from ending  silver loading and auto re-enrollment.   At the same time we are investing in innovation and the future of  healthcare with robust funding for the National Institutes of Health  that our distinguished colleague, Mr. Smith of New Jersey, mentioned,  we continue our leadership to combat the opioid epidemic, and we honor  our responsibility to our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico and the other  territories.   Of course, we want more, and, of course, we need to get more at some  point. But for now we are very pleased with the fact that we have 2  years' adequate funding to go forward. Again, I look forward to  preparing further into the future.   While this legislation does not contain permanent fixes for  everything, we are proud that it lays the groundwork for further  progress to end the financial catastrophe of surprise billing, to lower  prescription drug costs, and to extend robust funding for key health  initiatives.    This appropriations package also achieves critical victories for, as  I mentioned, our national security and the economic security of the  American people. Our appropriations legislation makes America safer at  home by funding gun violence research at the CDC and the National  Institutes of Health for the first time in more than 20 years; and  funding election security grants to protect against foreign attack  which the minority, the Republicans, then the majority, refused to do  last year.   These bills make workers and families stronger by protecting the  pensions of 100,000 coal miners; reauthorizing the job-creating Export- Import Bank; extending the National Flood Insurance Program; protecting  schools, small businesses, and other pillars of communities, as well as  commercial interests by reauthorizing the Terrorism Risk Insurance  Program and doing so in a timely fashion; extending key tax provisions  through 2020 that encourage investments in clean energy, provide relief  for families recovering from disasters, support investment in low- income communities with the low-income housing tax credit, and protect  families facing high medical costs for the loss of home to foreclosure.   Again, this is very personal. People always talk about coming to  Washington and having a seat at the table. The most important seat at  the table for us is the seat at America's kitchen table where people  talk about their plans for the future and how they intend to meet their  financial obligations, whether it is the education of their children,  the mortgage on their house, their medical expenses, or providing for  their own pension future.   Personally and officially, I am proud that this legislation takes  strong action to advance the health and well-being of America's  children. The three most important issues, in my view, facing the  Congress are the well-being of our children, our children, our  children; strengthening Family First Prevention Services; securing  record funding levels for Head Start, Child Care and Development Block  Grants, and Title I schools; and extending funding for thousands of  schools in rural communities across 41 States because there is no  better investment that Congress can make than an investment in the  education of our children.   By the way, there is nothing that we can do that brings more  resources to the Federal Treasury than investing in education: early  childhood, K-12, higher education, and lifetime learning training for  our workers.   I also want to acknowledge the important investment that this  legislation does in IDEA, meeting the needs of our children with  additional challenges.   In this House our title and job description are one and the same:  Representative. Today we must pass this legislation so that we can meet  the needs of the people whom we are privileged to represent. I know  that this is going to be a strong, bipartisan vote, and I think that is  a very good thing for the health, the economic security, and the well- being of the American people.   I am grateful to Ranking Member Granger, Chairwoman Lowey, and all of  the leadership of our subcommittees who made this successful day  possible for us.   Madam Speaker, I urge a strong, bipartisan vote on minibus 1 and  minibus 2, and, again, a great victory for our children, our children,  our children.   