 Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Speaker, my inquiry is this. My colleague across the  aisle just referred to Members of Congress as ``anti-American.'' I  believe that those words are defamatory, and I would like to ask  whether that is appropriate for a request for the gentleman to take  down his words.    Mr. Speaker, so a Member can say that other Members of  Congress are anti-American and no resolution for that? We would like to  ask the gentleman to take down his words.    Mr. Speaker, yes, I am asking that the gentleman's words  be taken down.    Mr. Speaker, I was trying to get the attention.   Mr. Speaker, I will relinquish the point, but I just want to remind  my colleagues that that is completely inappropriate to tell any of us  that we are anti-American.    Madam Speaker, I am appalled at the statements coming  from the White House telling people who dissent that somehow you should  go back to your country if you criticize the United States. Well, let  me remind you that dissent is patriotic and, in fact, a core value to  our democracy, enshrined in our Constitution.   And, yes, I am a proud naturalized citizen born in India, a proud  patriot, a proud person who belongs in this country.   And it is not the first time I have heard, ``go back to your own  country,'' but it is the first time I have heard it coming from the  White House. And, frankly, Madam Speaker, I am appalled that, on this  floor, my Republican colleagues would call any of us anti-American.   That is why this vote is so important, because we have to let the  rest of the country know that the House of Representatives will stand  up for the Constitution, represent and defend every single person in  the country, regardless of the color of their skin or the country of  their birth.   Madam Speaker, my Republican colleagues have been talking about  patriotism, about love of country. One of them said ``love it or leave  it.'' But what is love if not to make what we love better through our  critique, our work, and our service. That is what real Americans do.   We do not stifle dissent. We do not otherize or sow hatred, and we  certainly never say ``go back to your country'' to a brown or a Black  person, because that is a racist trope.   I hope that every single Member of this Chamber, Republican and  Democrat, will join me in rejecting the President's message and vote in  support of this resolution. Madam Speaker, that is the American thing  to do.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to start by recognizing the work of our chairman, Mr. Schiff,  on this bill.   Madam Chair, my amendment would require Congress to provide much- needed oversight to the intelligence community's use of face  recognition technology. The amendment does three things.   First, it requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit a  report to the Intelligence Committees in both the House and the Senate  on the use of this new technology. This is a critical step in ensuring  that there is a deeper understanding of the technology here in Congress  and also, appropriate transparency.   Second, the amendment expresses the sense of Congress that using this  technology to suppress dissent, or to target people based on ethnicity,  race, gender, sexual orientation, or religion is contrary to our  Nation's values.   And finally, it makes clear that Congress believes that the  government should not sell or transfer face recognition technology to  any country that is using this technology to suppress human rights.   I offered this amendment to the Intelligence Authorization Act  because I am concerned that face recognition poses grave privacy  concerns. As a Nation committed to democratic norms, including  constitutionally-enshrined rights to freedom of speech and privacy, it  is critical that we ensure that our national security activities do not  come at the expense of our individual liberties and our right to  privacy. And thus, it is critical that this body know exactly how this  technology is being used.   In addition to the civil liberties concerns of those in our country,  the technology does disproportionately impact people of color. The  technology, unfortunately, misidentifies people of color and women at  higher rates than Whites and men, which undermines its usefulness to  the intelligence community, and makes it potentially problematic for  large-scale use.   Finally, my amendment makes clear that the United States should not  be providing this technology to countries who are using it to  perpetuate human rights abuses. We should not be selling or  transferring the technologies to countries like China, who are actively  using this technology to suppress dissent and target minorities, like  the Uighurs, a Muslim minority group.   Although this sense of Congress lays down an important marker, we do  need to continue to work to ensure that there are proper controls on  the sale and the transfer of this technology, and I look forward to  doing that with my colleagues.  [[Page H5900]]    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from  California (Mr. Schiff), the chairman of the committee.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Garcia).    Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   