 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 271, Condemning  the Trump Administration's Legal Campaign to Take Away Americans'  Health Care.   Last week, the Trump Administration launched a monstrous attack on  our nation's health care system and on the people of our country when  it was announced that they would be joining the 18 Republican state  attorneys general in support of the Texas vs. United States lawsuit to  strike down the entirety of the Affordable Care Act. By joining this  lawsuit, the Trump Administration demonstrated they do not believe  Americans should have access to comprehensive, affordable health  insurance or that the 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions  should be protected.   I've already heard from many constituents who are frightened about  losing protections for their preexisting conditions, panicking about  being able to afford their medical bills, and worried about where they  can go to get their health insurance if this lawsuit succeeds.   For those enrolled in the Affordable Care Act, if this lawsuit is  successful, 13 million Americans who gained health insurance through  the Medicaid expansion will lose their health insurance; the 9 million  Americans who rely on tax credits to help them afford their insurance  plan will no longer be able to afford their insurance; and the 130  million patients with preexisting conditions could be denied coverage  or charged more.   Since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law over 20 million  Americans have gained health insurance that requires coverage for  preexisting conditions; disallows charging sick consumers more; allows  children to stay on their parent's health insurance until the age of  26; and provides coverage for preventive health services with no cost  sharing.   The insurance reforms of the ACA protect every American, including  those who get their health insurance through their employer. Every  insurance plan today is required to cover ten basic Essential Health  Benefits; there are no longer lifetime limits; and women can no longer  be charged more because they are females. All of this is at risk if  this lawsuit succeeds, and the Trump Administration demonstrated their  total disregard for the consequences of its actions on the people of  our country last week.   On the first day of the 116th Congress the House voted to intervene  in this lawsuit on behalf of the tens of millions of Americans who rely  on and have benefited from the ACA. Today, we renew our promise to the  American people that we will fight this Administration's sabotage and  do everything to protect, defend and improve the ACA.   The resolution we're considering today condemns the Texas vs. United  States lawsuit and the Trump Administration's recent actions to  intervene to seek the invalidation of every provision of the ACA. It  calls on the Department of Justice to protect Americans with  preexisting conditions, cease their efforts to destroy access to  affordable health care, and reverse its position in the court case. I  urge my colleagues to support this timely and critically important  resolution we are considering today   