 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, most Americans don't wake up every day  thinking about the arcane rules of the Senate. They might think the  debate we are having today is just another example of a legislative  body they see as out of touch on the issues they care about most,  issues on which a large majority of Americans agree action should be  taken.   For example, the Republican Senate hasn't done anything about the  epidemic of gun violence. The Republican Senate hasn't taken action to  expand access to affordable, quality, universal healthcare. Instead,  Republicans have tried to take healthcare away from millions of people.  The Republican Senate hasn't passed comprehensive immigration reform,  let alone offered the blameless Dreamers a path to citizenship and a  life in the only country they know. The Republican Senate hasn't taken  decisive action to combat climate change. The Republican Senate hasn't  taken steps to empower our middle class. Instead, it passed a huge tax  cut for the wealthiest Americans and corporations.   We should be having a real debate about all the issues I just  mentioned. Instead, Republican leadership is proposing a resolution to,  among other things, change Senate rules to reduce the number of hours  of postcloture debate time from 30 hours to 2 hours for district court  nominees.   Let me just mention, by the way, that there is a world of difference  in requiring 51 votes to put people on the district and circuit courts  versus what the Senate majority leader did in changing the vote  requirements for people on the U.S. Supreme Court, changing that to a  bare majority--a huge difference in putting in a 9-member Supreme Court  with a bare majority of votes versus some 800 circuit and district  court judges. If we can't see that difference, I have no words for  that. We should see that difference.   Getting back to what is before us today, the significant rule change  will help Donald Trump and his Republican enablers in the Senate to  more swiftly pack our district courts with ideologically driven  judges--judges who will make biased rulings in line with their personal  ideological beliefs and not based on the law or the Constitution.   Our district court judges, appointed by Democratic and Republican  Presidents alike, have been at the frontline of resisting Donald  Trump's abuses of power. They have, for example, ordered the government  to reunite parents with the children ripped from their arms at the  border. They have rejected attempts to deny Federal funds to cities  refusing to be drawn into the Trump administration's war on immigrants.  They stopped Executive orders aimed at kneecapping public sector  unions. They blocked the implementation of an ugly ban on transgender  Americans serving in our military. They stopped the Commerce Department  from putting a citizenship question in the census. They ruled that  public officials cannot block citizens from their Twitter feeds. They  stopped the government from banning Muslims from entering the United  States. They stopped a decision that would have allowed States to  require Medicaid recipients to work in order to receive benefits.   These exercises of judicial independence by our district judges are  precisely why Donald Trump and his congressional enablers want to make  it  [[Page S2172]]  easier to pack our courts with nominees handpicked by the far-right  Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation. These organizations have  spent decades and millions of dollars opposing universal healthcare,  strengthening corporate interests, and undermining voting. They have  also spent decades and millions putting their kinds of judges on the  courts, with their lifetime positions.   If we aren't able to take as much time to examine their records and  publicize their lack of fitness, Trump's nominees will soon occupy more  and more of the lifetime appointments on the bench. Once they do, they  will not only be more inclined to side with his extreme view of  Executive power, they will also start ruling in cases consistent with  the ideologies they bring to their jobs--for example, that abortion  should be illegal; that Americans don't have a right to healthcare;  that voter suppression is OK; that families with same-sex parents  should be discriminated against; that transgender teenagers should be  forced to be someone they are not; that Presidents can ban people from  our country based on their faith; that one person's religious beliefs  can trample the civil rights of everyone else. Trump's nominees have  extensive records of their positions on these kinds of issues.   It used to be that appointees to the Federal district courts  generally did not generate a lot of controversy. They were typically  experienced trial lawyers or prosecutors with solid reputations in  their hometowns, but they weren't typically activists or ideologues.  There was a time when they were mostly White and mostly male, but  starting in the Carter administration and building steam through the  Clinton and Obama administrations, district court nominees presented to  the Senate were increasingly diverse, with an emphasis on  qualifications, not ideology. But Donald Trump's judicial nominees are,  once again, mostly White and mostly male. They are now much more  ideological and agenda-driven. He has also nominated a disproportionate  number of lawyers who do what is called impact litigation, where they  pursue cases to make political points and undo legislative decisions.   Some examples of Trump's dangerous circuit court nominees include  Patrick Wyrick, who was solicitor general of Oklahoma and who, together  with his close ally, then-Oklahoma attorney general Scott Pruitt, tried  to dismantle Obama-era protections of clean air, clean water, and  public land.   He was counsel of record on an amicus brief in Sebelius v. Hobby  Lobby, challenging the Affordable Care Act's contraceptive coverage  requirement.   He also submitted a brief in Humble v. Planned Parenthood of Arizona,  challenging medication-induced abortion procedures commonly used by  Planned Parenthood.   As deputy general counsel for the First Liberty Institute, Matthew  Kacsmaryk filed briefs opposing same-sex marriage, supported a Virginia  school board's anti-transgender bathroom policy, and opposed the right  of all women to have their healthcare coverage include contraceptives.   Michael Truncale, another example, was a former congressional  candidate and an ideological activist against voting rights, abortion,  and immigration, who gave public speeches using the widely debunked  myth of in-person voter fraud to justify Texas's draconian voter ID  laws.   Another example is Wendy Vitter, who promoted fraudulent claims about  abortion, birth control, and women's health at an appearance she  initially failed to disclose to the committee. These fraudulent claims  included the position that there is a connection between using birth  control and getting cancer. She has been a public advocate for extreme  restrictions on reproductive rights.   As deputy solicitor general in the Office of the Texas Attorney  General, J. Campbell Barker represented Texas and Whole Women's Health  v. Hellerstedt, urging the Supreme Court to uphold Texas's restrictive  anti-abortion statute. The Supreme Court declined to do that,  thankfully. He also supported Donald Trump's Muslim ban, advocated for  the invalidation of DACA and DAPA, supported restrictive voter ID laws,  opposed the right of all women to have their healthcare coverage  include contraceptives, and I could go on and on.   These nominees have deeply held personal, ideological views who want  to be judges for life to make these views into law.   During their confirmation hearings, these nominees told us, to a  person, he or she would ``follow the law'' and ``follow precedent,''  but do they really expect us to believe they can set aside their  careers of ideological activism? I don't think so. They were nominated  precisely because they are advocates for an ideologically conservative  agenda--just the kind of nominees who would get the stamp of approval  from the Federalist Society and Heritage Foundation. That is why my  Republican colleagues support them, and that is why they want to pass  this resolution--to pack the courts with these types of judges even  faster.   Many Americans are awakening to the fact that court-packing is a  clear and present danger to a woman's right to choose, voting rights,  healthcare access, environmental protections, civil rights, and  individual rights. Not content with the court-packing damage they have  already done, Republicans are using this resolution for court-packing  to happen even faster.   I cannot support this resolution.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   