 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and the  appropriations minibus.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this Appropriations Minibus. These  four Appropriations bills are an investment in the American public and  provide robust funding for programs that strengthen our society.   In the SFOPS bill, I am particularly pleased with the strong  investments in the Northern Triangle region to address the push factors  that cause migrants to seek refuge at our southern border.   Specifically, the bill includes $10 million dollars to address sexual  and gender-based violence in the region. Sexual violence has reached  crisis levels in the last several years, causing women and children to  leave their home countries and seek asylum in the United States.   As vice-chair of the LHHS Subcommittee, I thank Chairwoman DeLauro  and Ranking Member Cole for their leadership and commitment to the most  vulnerable among us.   This FY20 ``People's Bill'' upholds our promise to Americans by  investing in workers' needs, supporting the education of our children,  and ensuring individuals have access to quality health programs.   The bill is a testament to our commitment to help people obtain good  paying jobs. With increased funding for workforce training programs  like Job Corps, and Apprenticeships, we are creating pathways to the  middle class.   The bill also invests in the future of our country by providing  robust increases to crucial education programs.   With an increase of $1 billion in Title I and IDEA, our most  vulnerable students will receive the additional resources they need to  receive the quality education they deserve.   For higher education, increasing the maximum award of the Pell grant  continues our fight against the rising costs of college.   The bill also makes a strong investment in our nation's public health  by increasing the CDC budget by $938 million above the 2019 enacted  level.   This includes critical investments in public health infrastructure to  begin modernizing data surveillance and analytics at CDC. It is also  the first investment in over 20 years for gun violence prevention  research.   The bill also increases funding for three of my top legislative  priorities: fighting underage drinking, supporting newborn screening,  and improving childbirth outcomes for women and infants in all  communities.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to vote in support of this appropriations  minibus to help safeguard the health and well-being of the most  vulnerable in our country, to ensure we have a strong labor force and  national economy, and to ensure our country is safe and secure.   