 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Madam Chair, when we discuss the epidemic of gun violence in our  country, we must confront the issues of domestic violence, domestic  abuse, dating partner violence, sexual assault, and stalking.   According to the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic  Violence, firearms pose a significant danger to victims of domestic  violence, and this is true no matter who owns the firearm. Research  shows that a male abuser's access to a firearm increases the risk of  intimate partner femicide fivefold and does not support the contention  that firearm possession is a protective factor for the victim.   The fact is, prohibited buyers who obtain a firearm through the  Charleston loophole are disproportionately likely to be prohibited  because of domestic violence. Indeed, in 2017, 23 percent of cases  where a gun was transferred to a prohibited purchaser through a default  proceed sale involved a person prohibited due to a conviction for  domestic violence, or prohibited due to a domestic violence restraining  order.   Denials related to domestic violence often require more investigation  than denials based on other factors.   I am offering this amendment so that this bill's background check  process, before it goes into effect, Congress can hear from experts in  the Justice Department and at the National Resource Center on Domestic  Violence and Firearms on whether any changes could be made to better  protect victims of domestic violence.   This amendment requires the study on domestic violence to be  completed within 150 days. If the Van Drew amendment passes, this bill  will have an effective date of 210 days after enactment.   If the study finds that further changes would be advisable to better  protect domestic violence victims, Congress will have enough time to  make those changes.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms.  Moore).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   