 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute and express my  gratitude to Alana Petersen, my deputy chief of staff and long time  staff leader for the Minnesota congressional delegation. Alana is  retiring from her official role after serving the Minnesota delegation  since 1993.   During her public service, Alana worked for Congressman Dave Minge,  from Minnesota's First Congressional District; Congressman John  Oberstar, from Minnesota's Eighth Congressional District; Senator Al  Franken; and now for me. In all of those roles, she has served the  people of Minnesota first and especially those who most needed an ally  and a voice in the halls of power here in Washington: farmers and rural  families, new immigrants, Minnesota's Tribal communities, and  Minnesota's diverse communities of color.   For those of you who don't know Alana, let me tell you a little bit  about her. Alana was born in Minnesota and, like me, spent part of her  childhood in New Mexico. In fact, she and I went to the same elementary  school, although Alana is younger than me and had the benefit of a new  building.   Alana headed Al Franken's Minnesota Senate office beginning when he  was sworn in 2009. Before joining Franken's staff, she worked in the  office of Congressman Jim Oberstar for 5 years as deputy district  director, and she worked for Congressman Dave Minge for 6 years in  several capacities.   Alana also served as executive director of Target Market, a statewide  nonprofit organization that promoted an anti-tobacco message to teens,  and she held a position at Grassroots Solutions, a political consulting  firm where she worked with national labor unions, congressional  candidates, and pro-choice organizations.   As if her official work weren't enough, Alana has long been a go-to  volunteer for her community, where she has served as chair of the East  Central Regional Arts Council and board chair for Women Winning, a  bipartisan group dedicated to electing more women to public office.   Alana is married to Thom Petersen, who is the Minnesota commissioner  of agriculture for Governor Tim Walz, and she is mom to Waylon and  Dylan. Alana and her family live on a working farm in Pine County, MN,  an hour north of the Twin Cities. The Petersens raise and show  miniature horses at county fairs all across Minnesota and at the  Minnesota State Fair, earning blue ribbons, not only because of the  amazing minis but also thanks to the amazing costumes sewn by Alana.   To Thom, Waylon, and Dylan, thank you for sharing your mom and wife  with us and with Minnesota all of these years.   So I can't tell you when I first met Alana, but we have been good  friends and allies for decades. As in all great friendships born from  working together, we are connected by a sense of shared purpose, a  sense of humor, and a complete trust that, when in doubt, we can call  the other one. Each of us, in turn, has been a shoulder to lean on, a  strategic adviser, a gut check, and a great excuse for a good laugh  when either of us needs it.   This has been true for both of us for years, but never more so than  in this last year when I became an accidental Senator and called on my  old friend to jump in one more time to help me become a Senator and win  a Senate seat, all in 10 months. Alana helped me to see that I could do  this job and also win an election in such a short time. It is no  exaggeration to say that I couldn't have done any of this without her.   Alana has the heart of an organizer. In fact, she tells the story  that she first canvassed her neighborhood as a fifth-grader, knocking  on doors for the father of a friend of hers who was running for office.  She has been organizing and engaging people in the democratic process  ever since.   As an organizer Alana knows that the best ideas come from the ground  up, not the top down. She understands that the best work happens when  you build relationships with people at the grassroots. She has mentored  and taught generations of campaign and congressional office staffers  that teamwork based on mutual respect, high expectations, and clear  goals makes progress for people possible, and that it can be joyful  work.   For years Alana has been the go-to person for young candidates just  starting out--and a lot of us seasoned politicians too. The political  offices, campaigns, and nonprofits of Minnesota are powered by the  people Alana has taught and mentored.   As an organizer, she is rooted in the value that Paul Wellstone best  expressed when he said that politics shouldn't be about money and  power; it should be about improving people's lives.   It means more to me than I can express that Minnesotans elected me to  serve in this seat once held by Hubert Humphrey, Walter Mondale, and  Paul Wellstone.   On October 25, 2002, we lost Paul in a terrible plane crash, along  with Paul's wife Sheila, his daughter Marsha, and staffers Will, Tom,  and Mary Mac, Alana's mentor. In the fall of 2002, Alana had quit her  regular job in Duluth to join the campaign for Paul's reelection  because she knew she wanted to contribute to the grassroots movement  that Paul was building. The plane crash and the loss of our friends was  heartbreaking to all of us.   Last year, on October 25, Alana shared a letter her father wrote to  the Wellstone campaign team in the days after the crash. It is  particularly touching because her father, Thomas Christiansen, passed  away on October 25, 2009, 7 years after we lost Paul.   Here is part of what Alana's father said: ``For some, public service  is the dedication of one's life to the community. I have come to  realize that my daughter Alana is one of those elite few.''  [[Page S3638]]    Alana, you are indeed one of those elite few. Thank you for your  service to Minnesota, and thank you for what you will continue to do  for many years ahead to move forward the hard but precious work of  improving people's lives.   I yield the floor.   