 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment adds language that recognizes the  fundamental link between climate change and food security, as  recognized in the Paris Agreement.   The administration's plan to leave the Paris Agreement is a betrayal  of America's global leadership and threatens food security for hundreds  of millions of people in the United States and around the world.   Vulnerable communities, including children, the elderly, and low- income individuals, are at a greater risk of malnutrition or chronic  hunger if the effects of climate change are not mitigated.   According to the 2018 ``National Climate Assessment,'' climate change  will lead to reduced agricultural productivity, and food production  will decline in U.S. regions that experience increased frequency and  duration of droughts, floods, and severe storms.   Climate change will cause irreparable damage to New York's  agriculture sector, which is the dominant ag State in the Northeast.   According to the New York Climate Change Science Clearinghouse,  climate change may affect food production by increased heat stress days  above 90 degrees Fahrenheit, which could stress livestock and some  crops; increased river flooding, which is likely to cause soil erosion,  soil loss, and crop damage; and wetter springs, which could delay  planting for crops and reduce yields.   These are just a few examples of how climate change may affect New  York's agriculture sector.   However, climate change isn't just an American problem. It is a  global problem that will cause already vulnerable communities to face  increased malnutrition and chronic hunger.   According to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization,  chronic hunger is on the rise. The number of people facing chronic food  deprivation increased to nearly 821 million in 2017 from around 804  million in 2016.   Food insecurity is already a challenge across the globe and is likely  to become an even greater threat as climate change impacts agriculture  production. Food insecurity can also further strain communities that  are already facing challenges, from conflict to job scarcity.   The 2014 ``Worldwide Threat Assessment'' noted that ``the lack of  adequate food will be a destabilizing factor in countries important to  U.S. national security.''   The President's plan to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement is  misguided and will contribute to food insecurity here and abroad. It is  imperative the President understands the consequences of climate change  for food security and ending hunger.   Again, my amendment simply recognizes the critical and inextricable  link between climate change and food security, as recognized in the  Paris Agreement.   I urge support for the amendment.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   