 Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for Congresswoman  Waters to offer her amendment.    Mr. Chairman, what a moment of tremendous pride it is to  be here in the 116th Congress under a Democratic majority as we finally  pass the Paycheck Fairness Act.   I rise in strong support of this bill, and I thank Chairman Scott for  his tremendous leadership in shepherding this bill to the floor.   I also thank the author of H.R. 7, Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro, who  has been a champion for women's rights her entire career. The Paycheck  Fairness Act is a testament to her tireless dedication to the  eradication of the gender pay gap, and it is by her leadership that we  are here today on the verge of obtaining a more equitable workforce.   I also thank Congresswoman Waters, who has long advocated for and  fought for pay equity and been a beacon of courage for women across  this country.   We passed the Equal Pay Act in 1963, which made it illegal to  discriminate based on sex when men and women are performing jobs that  require substantially equal effort, skill, and responsibility. We  followed that up with title 7 of the Civil Rights Act, which, among  other things, made it illegal to discriminate based on sex. And then 10  years ago, we passed the Lilly Ledbetter Act, which made it clear that  every single inadequate paycheck a woman receives is a new act of  discrimination. And yet, inequality persisted.   Today, women are paid, on average, only 80 cents for every dollar  paid to men, resulting in a gap of $10,169 per woman, per year. And  that pay gap doesn't discriminate. It exists in all occupations,  locales, and regardless of education or work history.   The Paycheck Fairness Act seeks to eliminate this gap by picking up  where the Equal Pay Act of 1963 left off and strengthening protections  for women in the workplace against retaliation, discriminatory  screening, and legal obstacles to justice. This amendment to H.R. 7  will ensure that the data collected on behalf of the legislation will  be inclusive of all races and ethnicities.   Pursuant to section 6 of H.R. 7, the Secretary of Labor must conduct  studies as well as provide information to employers and the general  public concerning the means by which gender pay disparities can be  eliminated. These studies are a critical step forward towards closing  the pay gap.   This amendment would clarify that these Department of Labor studies  mandated by section 6 of the underlying bill must include not just  information regarding pay disparities between men and women generally,  but specifically for women of every racial and ethnic background.   Mr. Chairman, in order to empower all women, we must continue to  highlight the specific barriers faced by and the needs of women of  color in the workforce.   In 2017, the gender wage gap widened for women of color. While  research found that women made 80 cents for every dollar paid to White,  non-Hispanic men, women of color fared much worse than average: Black  women were paid only 61 cents for every dollar paid to White men;  Native American women were paid 58 cents; and Latina women were paid  only 53 cents.   That means that this year, Equal Pay Day, the date that marks how  long women have to work into the year to earn what their White male  counterparts earned in the previous calendar year, falls on April 2.  But for Black women, Equal Pay Day isn't until August 22. Native  American women's Equal Pay Day falls on September 23, and Latinas have  to work nearly 11 full months into 2019 before they will see their  Equal Pay Day on November 20. That is true economic injustice.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, better information allows us to develop  better policy solutions, and that is all this amendment does: collects  more information to address an unacceptable inequality. By mandating  that the studies conducted by the Department of Labor explicitly  address and include women of color in particular, we can ensure that no  one is left behind.   I urge all of my colleagues to support the gathering of this valuable  information and vote ``yes'' on this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, it has been a long road to get here, but today, women  across the country of every race and ethnicity can stand tall and know  that we value their work equally.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   