 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I am pleased to join my colleagues today in  supporting critical investments made by this bill. I rise today in  support of my amendment, which will provide additional assistance for  innovative programs that will help young people with developmental  disabilities in obtaining and sustaining long-term employment.   Madam Chair, 1 in 68 children are diagnosed with autism spectrum  disorder. More than 50,000 individuals with autism turn 18 every year,  and 500,000 will age out of school systems in the next 10 years.   A significant number of young adults with autism spectrum disorder  remain unemployed and unenrolled in higher education in the 2 years  after high school. Young adults on the autism spectrum often do not  have access to an educational environment that can assist them in  developing practical life skills, increase social capacity, and  transition to work and independence.   This amendment is a critical first step towards remedying that.  Specifically, it will help support and promote innovative educational  programs and focus on preparing students for entry into the workforce  or pursuing higher education.   The support offered through these initiative programs helps young  adults find and maintain employment. In turn, this is a critical step  towards independence, an opportunity to be more productive and to fully  participate in all facets of community life.   My amendment will support young adults with developmental  disabilities access care and education necessary to find jobs by  focusing on inclusion and integration.   It is critically important that all children and young adults,  particularly those who are challenged with autism, have the opportunity  to fully participate in our communities and society. I hope my  colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut  (Ms. DeLauro), my dear friend and subcommittee chair.    Madam Chair, I add to this, too, if I may, the program  supported by this amendment offers opportunities for young adults with  intellectual disabilities to be placed in paid jobs, internships, or  volunteer positions. Often, the individuals who participate are  extremely passionate and capable about a work opportunity but simply  need a little help along the way.   I think we can all agree that learning opportunities to better train  and encourage these young adults to seek and maintain long-term work is  a goal we all support. These problem-solving abilities and confidence  gained in the right environment can have a lasting, long-term impact on  those with autism.   Madam Chair, I feel that this is something that will really help the  individuals whom I have met along the way, and I strongly urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   