 Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Elijah E. Cummings  Lower Drug Costs Now Act.   This is in your name, Elijah, and I think that you are listening.   This bill is the most transformational change to Medicare since  President Johnson signed Medicare into law in 1965. Why? Because it  allows Medicare to directly negotiate the price of the most expensive  drugs in our country, including insulin. The lower price will not only  apply to seniors who are enrolled in Medicare, but across all private  insurance policies.   Manufacturers will no longer be able to hike prices faster than the  rate of inflation. And, very importantly, it caps the out-of-pocket  cost to seniors for their prescriptions at $2,000 a year. That is going  to be a godsend to seniors.   Something else that will be a godsend to seniors is, with the savings  in this legislation, seniors in Medicare will have additional benefits  that they have been clamoring for for a very long time: coverage for  vision, dental, and hearing, as well as colonoscopies and lymphedema  treatment.   Very importantly--very importantly--I hear a lot about innovation  here. This legislation increases funds for the National Institutes of  Health to research and develop new cures. It provides almost $3 billion  for the FDA to ensure the safety of our drugs--very important that all  the committee members know that.   It invests in our community health centers, and it directs $10  billion to address the opioid crisis in our country.   So what is the difference between what the Republicans are saying and  what the Democrats are saying? At the core of this bill, H.R. 3, is  that there will be direct negotiations with the drug manufacturers to  bring the price of drugs down. Our Republican friends do not support  that.    And we know it works, direct negotiations in the VA, direct  negotiations in TRICARE, which is the healthcare system for all of our  fellow Americans that wear a uniform and their families.   So this legislation is sensible. Millions of Americans are not only  going to save money, they will finally, finally, finally have the peace  of mind that they will be able to afford the prescription drugs that  they need for treatment, or those treatments that keep them alive.   I am so proud of the work that the committee has done, and I  recommend this bill to every single Member of the House--Republicans,  Democrats--because of the substance of it and what it will bring into  people's lives.   