 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to commemorate a  terrible tragedy. Today is a solemn day and a chance to reflect. Two  years ago, in my hometown of Las Vegas, thousands of people gathered on  a warm evening at the Route 91 music festival. They were there with  friends, partners, family.  [[Page S5717]]  They came to listen to country music, relax, and just celebrate.   Two years ago on that evening, they heard the pop of what sounded  like fireworks. After seconds for some, minutes for others, they  understood what was happening: an attack that would become the worst  mass shooting in modern American history.   In the space of 11 minutes, Las Vegas was transformed. In that narrow  window of time, 58 people were mortally wounded and hundreds of others  were injured, many of them grievously.   I still think about the stories of those who ran into the crowd to  help others, those people who made a commitment that night to our  community to protect others from harm. Police, firefighters, and other  first responders who ran toward the festival grounds to rescue others  made that commitment that October evening. The people who piled the  wounded into their cars, vans, and pickups also offered a hand to help  strangers. So did the doctors and nurses who rushed to the hospitals  and the hundreds of Las Vegas and Reno residents who stood in line to  donate blood. They all felt viscerally the desire to help those who  were suffering in whatever way they could.   We made a commitment to all those caught up in the devastating attack  at the Route 91 festival, a promise that I honor today. I vowed to do  all I could to help my community heal, to remember those who died, and  to support those who bear scars of the body or of the spirit.   During that dark time 2 years ago, my city came together to help and  sustain the wounded and their families--people from all over the world,  neighbors and strangers alike. I have never been prouder of Las Vegas.   So many different groups worked in tandem that evening. There were  the brave actions of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, the  Clark County School District Police Department, the Las Vegas Fire  Department, and the Clark County Fire Department, who unhesitatingly  risked their lives to stop the attack and rescue survivors.   Health institutions across the State joined the effort, like American  Medical Response, Medic West Ambulance, Community Ambulance, the  University Medical Center, Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center, the  Valley Health System, and Dignity Health. So many doctors and nurses,  including Nellis Air Force Base medical professionals, worked then and  in the weeks and months that followed to restore people to health. The  Red Cross and the Department of Veterans Affairs supported the  hospitals with their mobile units. There was the staff at United Blood  Services, who worked doggedly to process donations from thousands of  people in Las Vegas, Reno, and elsewhere in Nevada.   There were many people and organizations in Nevada and nationwide  that provided food, blankets, reduced airline tickets, and other ways  to support the victims and their families. The FBI and the Nevada  Victims of Crime Program helped families struggling with funeral and  travel expenses. Airlines like Allegiant and Southwest also helped to  cover costs. Donations poured in from Las Vegas and around the world.  The donations are still coming in to support the Children of the 58  Fund, which Neysa Tonks' family set up in remembrance of her to provide  scholarships to children of victims. Donations are coming in to the  Kern Community Foundation Day of Remembrance Fund, which also provides  scholarships to victims and survivors.   All of these people put aside their own needs--sometimes for moments  and sometimes for months--to help others. They made a commitment to the  victims. Part of that commitment simply has to be working to prevent  other families in America from going through what families went through  on that October 1 night as they waited in the Family Reunification  Center, crying out for information about their loved ones but terrified  at what they would hear.   Here is the frightening part, the part that keeps me and so many of  us across this Nation up at night: The shootings haven't stopped since  October 1, 2017. Unimaginably, people who survived the Route 91  shooting have found themselves terrorized by gun violence again since  that tragic night. Some of them were at the Borderline Bar and Grill in  Thousand Oaks, CA, just over a year after October 1 when a gunman  opened fire and killed or wounded two dozen people. Others were in  Gilroy, CA, just this July, where a man killed or wounded over a dozen  people at an annual festival. Can you imagine going to enjoy yourself  one afternoon or evening and having that place of community and  celebration turn into a war zone? And then having that happen not once,  in some horrible nightmare come to life, but multiple times. We cannot  let this waking nightmare continue in America.   We have to make a commitment to each other, a promise that we will  not leave each other and those we love to be victims of this senseless  violence, not when we can do something to stop it.   Americans know this. They know that we are needlessly endangering our  children and each other. They know that commonsense gun reform could  both respect responsible gun ownership and fight the public health  crisis that mass shootings and senseless gun violence represent.   That is why people in both parties support gun violence reform by  huge margins. They know that we simply cannot sidestep our  responsibility to each other. We have to reduce these senseless mass  shootings and save lives, and we can do that while also respecting the  rights of responsible gun owners. We owe that to our communities.   The families of those wounded on 1 October haven't given up on their  responsibilities. They are still there for their loved ones day after  day, as the visible and invisible wounds have continued to heal and as  people have learned to walk, talk, and work again.   The doctors and nurses who have cared for the injured have not given  up. They don't say: Well, it has been 2 years; so we will not care for  patients anymore.   We haven't taken down the many moving memorials to 1 October, like  the mural at the corner of Westcliff and Antelope Way, the 58 wooden  crosses near the Las Vegas welcome sign on the Strip, or the Community  Healing Garden on Casino Center Boulevard.   Just the opposite, Clark County Museum has been carefully  photographing and cataloging over 17,000 items, from Las Vegas Strong  T-shirts and bumper stickers to stuffed animals, from artificial  flowers to rosaries that people left at memorials to the Route 91  victims and survivors. That care and that attention--that is what a  commitment is. When you make one, you have to be there for the long  haul, to see the thing you promised to the end.   I will always remember the 1 October victims and their loved ones and  always commemorate their loss. I know it is a loss that can never be  fully repaired but only eased by time. I will always honor the bravery  of those who sacrificed their own safety to help others, and I will  never stop fighting to make America safer, to save families across the  country from what I watched families in Las Vegas go through that night  and from what my own family went through as we waited to hear back  about whether my niece was safe or not as she attended that concert  that night.   This is our commitment. We have to continue to remember, but we have  to do something about it. Our time is now.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   