 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the creation of the Select  Committee on the Modernization of Congress, and I encourage all of the  House to do the same.   There is precedent for Select Committees like this one. During 1973,  in the 93rd Congress, the House created the Select Committee on  Committees. And although the Select Committee's mission was to study  the structure and operation of House committees, it ultimately made  several recommendations  [[Page H223]]  to improve House-wide administrative and technology functions.   Among the improvements and modernization steps, the Select Committee  suggested that the House form a Commission on Information and  Facilities, tasked with responding to the growing number of issues  Congress faced, but with limited access to information and analysis.   The Commission also tackled the problem of growing staff needed to  support an increased workload, but with limited physical space to  accommodate them. The result was an installation of a system of 30  computer terminals for Members of Congress and committees of  legislative research.   Now, this seems trivial now, especially when information is in our  pockets, in our iPhones, but at the time it was revolutionary for the  Congress to be able to get this information on its computers. This is  just one example of how a Select Committee made Congress work better.   Following the Select Committee came the election of the Class of  1974. Fueled by the Watergate scandal, the new Members did much to  change the Congress. They decentralized power. They invigorated our  oversight responsibilities. They began a conversation that would change  how we do business forever.   For example, televising the floor proceedings; the 1976 Government in  the Sunshine Act. The process they started opened up our democracy to  the American people and created a lasting record for history.   This Select Committee has a broad mandate to study how our Congress  has changed and is changing. That begins with our changing workforce.  We need to invest in our workforce, and that is why the proposal we  passed in the rules package yesterday to create the Office of Diversity  and Inclusion was so important. This Select Committee will be tasked  with studying how we can better recruit, retain, and compensate our  staff.   We also must be responsible stewards of public money, and this Select  Committee will help us minimize waste and maximize value in how we  operate the House.   Now, as has been mentioned, one of the virtues of the Select  Committee is its composition. It will be composed of members of the  House Administration Committee who have firsthand experience with the  details of House administration. There will be members of the Rules  Committee, experts in process and procedures who know what works and  what doesn't when it comes to an efficient legislative process, and the  Select Committee will feature Members in their first term who bring a  new perspective and great energy to the House.   Shortly after her election, my home State colleague from California,  Representative Katie Porter said: ``Congress wasn't built for Members  like me.'' And unfortunately, I think Katie is right. But we can change  that, and we will change that. We can give the people's House back to  the people.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Well, I do have an additional speaker. I yield 5 minutes  to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski).    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Congress is a creature of precedent, but we must never be captive to  the old ways. The House, the people's body, must continually update and  renew itself to meet the challenges facing the Nation and to respond to  the needs of a new generation of representatives. This Select Committee  on the Modernization of Congress is a way this Congress can identify  and address the challenges of tomorrow, and will assist us in boldly  meeting these challenges.   The Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress is a way to  deal with problems facing this body right now, today. The Select  Committee is a way to make sure that my colleague, Katie Porter, works  in a Congress built for her and all our new Members.   It is long past time to chart a path forward and to address the  problems we must face. I look forward to working with all the members  of the Select Committee and congressional stakeholders in transforming  the House for the better on a bipartisan basis.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   