 Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2157, the Supplemental  Appropriations Act of 2019.   This bill is similar to the disaster supplemental that passed the  House in January. We have been waiting for the Senate to act on their  version of the supplemental for several months.   Unfortunately, taking up a disaster bill for the second time without  addressing the administration's concerns will not increase its chance  of becoming law.   While this bill assists many communities struggling to recover from  hurricanes, wildfires, flooding, and tornadoes, I have to oppose this  measure today.   I am particularly concerned about repairs that are needed for  severely damaged military installations. We must return these  facilities to a condition that can support our men and women in  uniform. Unfortunately, the needs are actually greater than what is  funded in this bill.   I am also concerned that the bill fails to address the humanitarian  and security crisis at the border. The rule for this bill does not  allow us to consider an amendment to provide humanitarian relief and  enhanced security at the border.   On my recent visits to the border, I have seen firsthand that the  crisis is getting worse every day. The numbers are staggering. In April  alone, Customs and Border Protection made 109,000 apprehensions on the  southwest border. More than half of these were family units.   There have been more apprehensions in the first 7 months of this  fiscal year than in all of the last fiscal year. Resources are urgently  needed to address the health and safety of our law enforcement  personnel, as well as families with children who are seeking refuge.  This bill does nothing to address this crisis.   We have no choice but to work together on this issue. We do not have  the luxury of waiting for months to get resources to law enforcement,  social service providers, and public health officers. The time to act  is now.   I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey for her tireless work to address the  needs of our Nation. Just as we worked together to end the shutdown in  February, we can come together again to rebuild our communities,  protect our border, and provide humanitarian assistance where it is  urgently needed.   Unfortunately, I have to oppose this bill as it currently stands. I  hope we can continue to work with the Senate and the White House to  come up with a compromise and get disaster assistance to the  communities that need it most.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, to close, I would like to thank Chairwoman  Lowey for her leadership. I look forward to working with her on  legislation that addresses both natural disasters and the humanitarian  crisis on the border.   We should provide much-needed relief to communities recovering from  hurricanes, floods, wildfires, and tornadoes, but we cannot turn our  back on a border crisis that is growing worse by the day. Law  enforcement agencies providing humanitarian assistance are being rushed  and pushed to the limit, and we must act now.   The chairwoman and I have worked together for many years to find  solutions in the national interest. I know we will be able to do so  again.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman's  amendment. These funds are critical to repairing and rebuilding our  military bases affected by the recent storms.   I look forward to working with the gentleman to secure critical  funding for our military in a final agreement that can be signed by the  President.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment.    Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I  am not opposed to the amendment.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy), the minority leader.    Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I am in its current form.    Madam Speaker, my motion amends the bill by adding the  additional $2.88 billion the administration has said is needed to care  for the unaccompanied children who continue to flood our southern  border.   I am offering this motion because the bill we are considering today  does not address this need. The funding in this motion is just one  piece of what is needed to respond to this crisis.   The children who come across our border without a parent become the  responsibility of our Federal Government. As of the end of April,  nearly 13,000 unaccompanied children were in the care of the United  States Department of Health and Human Services.   We are told that if these trends continue, the Department will soon  run out of funds to care for these children and face Antideficiency Act  violations.   The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hurd) offered this same amendment in a  full committee markup of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human  Services, Education, and Related Agencies' appropriations bill just 2  days ago. At that time, the chair told us that the amendment would not  be supported because we could not wait for a regular appropriations  bill to be enacted.   We were told this funding was needed now. By including the funds in  this emergency supplemental bill, we will do just that.   We are giving our colleagues on the other side of the aisle another  opportunity today to provide the funding necessary to continue to care  for these children. Whatever our positions may be on border security, I  think we can all agree that we have a responsibility to ensure that our  agencies have sufficient funding to do what we have asked them to do.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on the motion to recommit, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   