 Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment  at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Chairwoman, I rise to offer amendment No. 40 to H.R. 1585, the  Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.   My amendment is simple. It will ensure that everything in this bill  complies with current immigration law. One in three women in the United  States will experience domestic violence. That is unacceptable. It  doesn't matter who you are. Domestic violence is unacceptable. This law  protects all survivors.   It ensures that our Nation recognizes domestic violence and sexual  assault as crimes. It provides crucial protections against domestic  violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. It provides  survivors with the support they deserve.   It provides our law enforcement with everything they need to provide  justice to these survivors, and it sends a clear message nationwide  that our Federal Government will protect all survivors and condemn all  domestic and sexual assault offenders.   That is why the reauthorization of VAWA should not be impacted by the  current debate on our immigration system. That debate is for another  day and it is a debate we should have soon in this Chamber. But I felt  it was necessary to offer this amendment to acknowledge that as the  House passes this legislation, it is also in accordance with the laws  already enacted.   Again, this is all this amendment attempts to do. It is important  that funding goes where it is intended. And the eligibility for VAWA  grant funding is clear in this bill. VAWA is the cornerstone for safety  and justice to survivors of violence and abuse. Our sole focus today  should be to keep that cornerstone strong.   All of us know a survivor. She may be our mother, he may be our best  friend. It may be ourselves. We, as a country, know what to do and we  should do it together. Therefore, I encourage my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to support this essential legislation.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield 1 minute to  the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House.    Madam Chairwoman, I yield 1 minute to  the gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler).    Madam Chair, I thank the chairman;  the authors of this bill, Representative Bass and Representative  Fitzpatrick; and the tireless advocates who have worked to bring this  bill to the floor today for the safety and justice of all survivors of  violence and abuse.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, please  support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   