 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from the  great State of North Carolina and my colleague from the great State of  Michigan.   I rise today because American moms are tragically dying. The majority  of these deaths are entirely preventable, as we have heard.   This weekend is Mother's Day, the day when we celebrate our mothers,  grandmothers, aunts, stepmothers, and all the women who love and  nurture us. There will be brunches and mimosas, cards and flowers,  backyard barbecues and fancy dinners. Or it might just be a quick call  saying: Hey, Mom, I love you.   But each year, more than 700 American kids begin their lives without  moms. Nearly 100 of these deaths are in my State of Illinois. These  kids will never know their moms or celebrate a Mother's Day with her  because of America's embarrassing maternal mortality crisis.   Perhaps most shocking of all, a recent CDC report shows that 60  percent of these deaths are entirely preventable.   While hundreds die, thousands suffer severe health complications that  can endanger their lives and limit the ability of mothers to care for  their families.   Recently, Serena Williams and Beyonce have boldly spoken out about  their personal experiences with these terrifying complications.   As the mother and stepmother of adult daughters, it worries me that  it will be more dangerous for them to have a baby today than it was for  me to have them 20 years ago.   On nearly every health issue, death rates have declined, except for  pregnancy and birth-related deaths. In fact, America is the only  developed Nation where the number of women dying continues to grow.   We can and must do better because all mommas deserve the chance to be  mommas.   What can be done? Last year, Congress came together in a moment of  bipartisanship to pass the Preventing  [[Page H3670]]  Maternal Deaths Act thanks to the leadership of Congresswoman Herrera  Beutler and Senator Heitkamp. This law will standardize data and  reporting so we have a clearer picture of this crisis.   Building on this bipartisan progress, I have proposed a  comprehensive, multipronged approach called the Mothers and Offspring  Mortality and Morbidity Awareness Act, or, simply, the MOMMA's Act.   It starts by expanding what is working. It builds on last year's work  to further standardize data and reporting. It also takes the highly  successful Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health program, called  the AIM program, developed by our Nation's obstetricians and  gynecologists and grows it.   AIM's emergency protocols and best shared practices are already  saving lives in hundreds of U.S. hospitals. The MOMMA's Act would  leverage Federal resources and publications to grow this proven  program.   It also uses another proven strategy to prevent future deaths:  mortality review committees. These committees examine every tragic  death in great detail to prevent further ones.   When the city of Philadelphia established one, it cut the number of  deaths by 75 percent in just 1 year. Imagine what we could do with a  nationwide committee.   The MOMMA's Act also addresses a bizarre gap in current law that  prevents many mothers from seeing their doctor. We know that one-third  of deaths occur after giving birth. Right now, moms on Medicaid lose  their coverage just 60 days after giving birth, but it takes a woman's  body a full year to recover.   More than 70 percent of moms will have some complications within a  year of giving birth. These mothers should be able to see their doctors  and get the care they need.   While we are seeing approximately the same rate of maternal deaths  regardless of a woman's income, education level, or other demographics,  the recent CDC report shows that Black, American Indian, and Native  Alaskan mothers are dying at more than three times the rate of White  mothers. In my home State of Illinois, that disparity climbs to six  times more likely to die for Black moms.   My bill directly addresses this disparity by pushing for culturally  competent care throughout the care continuum.   As we celebrate Mother's Day, I hope my colleagues will join me in  working to ensure that everyone gets a chance to know a mother's warm  love and affection.   We can prevent mothers from dying. We know how. The question is, do  we have the will?   