 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois  (Mr. Danny K. Davis).   Mr. Speaker, I am absolutely delighted to rise in support of H.R.  1759, the Building on Reemployment Improvements to Deliver Good  Employment for Workers Act, also known as the BRIDGE for Workers Act.   I do want to congratulate the authors of this bill, Mrs. Walorski and  my colleague Mrs. Murphy, for their effort in putting this forward.   This bill aims to provide workers receiving unemployment benefits the  support they need to not only get back into the workforce as soon as  possible, but to prevent them from being unemployed in the first place.   This legislation is so important because it would extend reemployment  services and eligibility assessments to all claimants of unemployment  benefits, rather than limiting these benefits to only those who are  expected to run out of benefits. Helping all unemployment insurance  claimants reenter the workforce is vital for a robust economy that will  only thrive with a skilled workforce.   Mr. Speaker, research shows that the longer workers are out of work,  the harder it can be to maintain their skills. Reemployment services  equip workers with important tools, such as individualized career  counseling and job search assistance, to find a job well matched to  their skills and experience more quickly. This helps to stabilize  families' income.   These are the kinds of services that we need to invest in as a  nation, especially since we know that not all boats are rising in this  economy.   In my own State of Wisconsin, funding to the Department of Workforce  [[Page H3151]]  Development's Reemployment Services Program was bolstered for fiscal  year 2019, with an increase of nearly $722,000. Already, we have seen  improvements in the program's effectiveness for Wisconsinites in need  of just a little bit of extra assistance with finding suitable  employment.   Mr. Speaker, I would also note that the BRIDGE for Workers Act was a  bipartisan effort, so important for getting things done. We are pleased  with the overwhelming cooperation on both sides of the aisle, and I  urge my colleagues to support its passage.     Mr. Speaker, I am such a proud cosponsor of the Taxpayer  First Act, and I stand with my colleagues as we vote on this  bipartisan, bicameral bill.   I am going to quickly address two key provisions of this bill.   First, this bill is an important step that Congress is taking toward  reforming the IRS for the first time in 20 years to better serve  taxpayers and to strengthen taxpayer protections that have been long  overdue. This whole-scale modernization is an important step toward  restoring confidence and trust in this crucial Federal agency.   Secondly, with the aim of encouraging sensible enforcement, this act  modifies the IRS private debt collection program to stop the targeting  of lower income Americans by creating two additional categories of  cases not eligible for referral to private collection agencies:  taxpayers whose income is substantially derived from Supplemental  Security Income benefits or disability insurance benefits payments, or  taxpayers with an adjusted gross income of 200 percent of the poverty  level and below.    For years, experts have told Congress that private debt collection  has hurt the most vulnerable among us. Today, we are providing  safeguards to protect against businesses profiting by collecting from  financially vulnerable taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, I urge immediate passage of this important legislation,  and I urge all Members to support it.   