 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment to H.R. 2740 increases  funding toward colorectal cancer screening and prevention.   Right now, colorectal cancer is the second leading cause of cancer  death in the United States. This year alone, more than 50,000 people  across the country are expected to die from this disease. One out of 20  Americans will be diagnosed with colorectal cancer during their  lifetime.   When I hear these statistics, I think of more than just the numbers.  I think of the families and the lives that are impacted. I think of my  own mother-in-law who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer years ago  and remains cancer-free to this day. I think of my dear friend Peg--a  teacher, an advocate, and a fighter--who, when faced with her own  devastating diagnosis, committed herself to educating others about this  disease and the benefit of screenings.   With so many Americans like Peg and my mother-in-law diagnosed with  colorectal cancer each year, Congress needs to support prevention  efforts. Over the last few years, funding for the groundbreaking  Colorectal Cancer Control Program has remained the same.   This year, I thank the Appropriations Committee for recognizing this  problem. By bringing attention to the increasing rate of colorectal  cancer among younger adults, we are sharing the gift of research and  promoting the spread of 21st-century prevention.   My amendment would strengthen the Appropriations Committee's efforts  by providing $3 million in additional funding for colorectal cancer  research under the Coordinated Chronic Disease Prevention and Health  Promotion Program.   In Virginia, the Virginia Department of Health significantly benefits  from this program and uses these funds to provide early screenings  across the Commonwealth.   If this critical amendment passes, the House would provide a major  increase and much-needed funding for colorectal cancer screening and  control under the CDC. This increased support means more necessary  screenings, more evidence-based interventions, and a path toward more  lives saved, especially among some of our country's most vulnerable  patients.   Studies indicate that as many as 60 percent of colorectal cancer  deaths could be prevented with screening, but the number of colorectal  cancer screenings has remained level since 2010. Clearly, we are  overdue for progress in this fight.   By making a vigorous effort to increase the numbers of screenings, we  will be able to catch abnormal growths before they turn into cancer,  and we can catch colorectal cancer early when treatment is more  effective.   As we fight for additional vital funding for the CRCCP, we are  allowing prevention and education initiatives to reach more Americans.  That gives more families the opportunity to live cancer-free.   We have a rare opportunity to build a coalition in this battle.  Across the country, more than 1,700 organizations have committed to  defeating colorectal cancer as a public health crisis. Together, they  have committed to the goal of 80 percent screened in the coming years.   Congress needs to join this effort, and my amendment can and should  be part of that fight.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have trouble with that argument from  my colleague across the aisle when, last night, he voted for a 14  percent cut across the board to this pot of money, which he refers to  as a ``magical'' pot of money.   I think it is incredibly important that when we are looking at  priorities, priorities such as prevention, priorities such as early  detection related to such a disease that kills so many Americans, where  prevention and early screenings are vital to survival levels, it is  incredibly important that we prioritize screenings and invest. This  amendment stipulates $3 million toward this vital, vital effort.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I would like to note, for the Record,  that I am new to Congress, elected in November, so I was not here last  year or last Congress during the tax bill cycle. Given that my  colleague across the aisle was, I find the lectures about fiscal  discipline to be very challenging to take when we are discussing  Monopoly money, fantasy land money, and taking money from the next  generation.   I know a great deal about the challenges that ride on the fact that  we have increased our debt year after year, and I find it very  difficult to listen to lectures about this from a colleague who, in  fact, voted to balloon the deficit.   This is about prevention and screening. This is about the health of  Americans. This is about being proactive in our spending.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the chairwoman for including my  amendment in this en bloc.   As a co-chair of the New Democrat Coalition's National Security Task  Force and as a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I rise to  express my serious concern over the continued high-level vacancies  across the State Department.   U.S. Foreign Service officers work to promote U.S. interests, values,  and economic interests abroad, and these dedicated public servants keep  American families safe.   But their mission could be jeopardized by persistent vacancies in the  Foreign Service and senior leadership positions.   According to a report from the nonpartisan Government Accountability  Office, 13 percent of Foreign Service positions were vacant as of March  2018.   At a time when we are engaged in constant competition with powerful  adversaries, our servicemembers remain engaged in seemingly endless  conflicts, and we face the threat of terrorism, these staffing  shortages are deeply concerning.   Our transfer amendment urges the State Department to make every  effort to fill critical positions and encourages the GAO to expand its  study to consider the impact of vacancies in career and political- appointed positions on U.S. foreign policy, diplomacy, aid, and  national security priorities.   