 Mr. President, I rise to speak on Russia's ongoing and  illegal occupation of Ukraine.   Two weeks ago, I had the opportunity to travel to Ukraine where I saw  firsthand the effects of nearly 5 years of Russian occupation,  aggression, and hostilities suffered by the Ukrainian people.   Since Russia's illegal seizure of Crimea in March of 2014 and their  subsequent invasion of eastern Ukraine's Donbas region the following  month, over 10,000--10,000--people have been killed and many more have  been wounded or displaced in the fighting. Hiding behind so-called pro- Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine, the regime of Vladimir Putin  has indiscriminately targeted both civilian and military targets,  across the line of contact, in flagrant violation of the Minsk  ceasefire and the law of war. In fact, shelling was occurring just 1  day prior to my visit to the Eastern Front.   The Eastern Front, even saying it now, before my colleagues in the  Senate, the phrase seems almost surreal and harkens back to a bygone  era in which the Cold War dominated our political landscape.   The first time I visited Ukraine was in 1989--1989--as part of an  agricultural exchange program. The Soviet Union was on the verge of  collapse, and the spirit of independence, freedom, and self- determination was gaining steam. My gracious Ukrainian hosts didn't  want to discuss farming. It was an agricultural exchange, but they  didn't want to discuss farming. They wanted to know what it was like to  be an American. They wanted to know what it was like to have freedom  and be independent.   Just like the oppressive yoke of authoritarianism dominated Ukraine  in 1989, it once again threatens a people who have fought hard to  create a nation of laws accountable to its people and as champions of  human dignity, free markets, and democratic values. With our help,  Ukraine has managed to hold the line against the Russian aggressors.  Our security assistance, in the form of intelligence-sharing, special  operations capacity-building, and, most recently, the delivery of  Javelin anti-tank weapons, has enabled the Ukrainian Armed Forces to  deter further Russian advances into free Ukraine and has caused the  Russian military forces in occupied Donbas to pull their tanks farther  away from the frontline.   Unfortunately, Russia has found other ways to attack Ukrainian  interests. In November of 2018, just a few months ago, Russian naval  vessels opened fire and captured three Ukrainian ships along with 24  sailors in international waters just south of the Kerch Strait.  Demonstrating his contempt for the international rules-based order,  Vladimir Putin is using his naval supremacy in the region to slowly  strangle the Ukrainian economy, which relies, in part, on steel and  grain shipping from ports in the Sea of Azov. While our military aid  has been successful in assisting Ukrainian efforts along the line of  contact in Donbas, future military aid must take into account Ukraine's  need for defensive weapons and asymmetric capabilities to counter  Russian aggression both on land and at sea. Only then can Ukraine  adequately defend its people and sovereignty.   In addition to hostile military action, Russian intelligence has been  working to undermine the upcoming Ukrainian Presidential and  parliamentary elections. Much like the interference in our own  elections in 2016, Putin is seeking to sow discord, spread confusion,  and undermine the democratic system that has taken root in Ukraine.  This is indicative of Russia's global strategy, which seeks to drive a  wedge between the United States and our allies, undermine democratic  governments, and return to an era of power politics in which brute  strength rather than the rule of law governs global interactions.   China has adopted a similar, albeit more subtle and increasingly  aggressive, strategy in Asia, with an overarching goal of displacing  American global leadership. Thus, it is more important than ever for  the United States to work by, with, and through our allies around the  world to ensure a future in which our values of freedom, the rule of  law, human rights, and free markets prevail for generations to come.   Today freedom's frontier runs through the line of contact in eastern  Ukraine. We must never turn our backs on a people yearning for the same  freedoms we enjoy in the United States. Doing so not only legitimizes  the actions of thugs--yes, thugs--around the world but will inevitably  threaten our own rights and freedoms tomorrow, which many of us take  for granted today.  [[Page S1616]]    We are Americans, and we will always answer the call to preserve  freedom while reaching out a hand to those who are fighting to achieve  it.   I yield the floor.   