 Mr. Speaker, terrorists continue to pose a significant  threat to transportation systems.   Since 9/11, Congress has supported efforts to strengthen the security  of our transportation systems.   Working with the private sector and state and local governments, we  have invested substantial resources to prevent attacks and improve our  intelligence around potential threats.   Still, terrorists continue to probe critical infrastructure- looking  for ``soft targets'' to attack.   Worldwide, increasingly, terrorist have turned their attention to  mass transit systems, bus stations, and freight and passenger rail  systems.   In America, surface transportation systems transport millions of  passengers and tons of freight every day.   In my district, my constituents rely on L.A. Metro rail and bus  systems to get them to their offices, doctor's appointments, places of  worship, and homes every day.   According to L.A. Metro Monthly Ridership stats, over 31 million  riders travel by bus or rail each month.   Due to the high accessibility of transit systems, protecting  passengers and personnel is difficult.   Law enforcement agencies rely on credible, timely intelligence to  keep systems secure.   My bill seeks to enhance security in two key ways.   First, it requires DHS to prioritize the assignment of officers and  intelligence analysts to State, local, and regional fusion centers  areas with a high-risk surface transportation asset.   Such deployments would help ensure that intelligence relating to  threats is shared with appropriate stakeholders in a timely manner,  improving the chances of preventing the next attack.   Second, my bill authorizes DHS to develop a training program to  enhance the protection, preparedness, and response capabilities of law  enforcement agencies that operate at surface transportation assets.   Surface transportation systems are unique in their layouts and use,  and training tailored to the uniqueness of these systems would help  improve law enforcement capabilities.   This transportation security bill is supported on a bipartisan basis  and, when it was considered last month in the Committee on Homeland  Security, was approved unanimously.   As such, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.   