 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Pallone for  yielding, and I thank him for his guidance and leadership on the Energy  and Commerce Committee as we advanced critical legislation this week to  stabilize the Affordable Care Act and drive down prescription drug  costs for all Americans.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 986, the  Protecting Americans With Preexisting Conditions Act.   As a patient with a preexisting condition myself, I rise today to  stand with over 52 million Americans and over 200,000 Granite Staters  who live with preexisting conditions every single day. They could have  been denied access to healthcare prior to passage of the Affordable  Care Act, and many were.   While we recognize that we need to strengthen and stabilize the ACA,  we should equally accept the principle that nobody should be denied  coverage because of a preexisting condition.    When you think about it, asthma, allergies, Alzheimer's, cancer,  diabetes, just go right through the alphabet, having a child, even, any  of these are preexisting conditions. In my home State of New Hampshire  and across this country, opioid and alcohol addiction are preexisting  conditions.   Every week, and again here today, we have heard Republicans on the  House Energy and Commerce Committee say, ``Oh, of course we want to  protect Americans with preexisting conditions.'' Yet, at every step,  this administration is trying to sabotage the consumer protection  guardrails that are in the ACA, including fighting in court for the  total elimination of the Affordable Care Act with absolutely no  replacement.    Mr. Chair, an important piece of the  Affordable Care Act, section 1332, created the State innovation  waivers, which provide States with flexibility in implementing the ACA  as long as plans remain comprehensive, affordable, and accessible.  However, the Trump administration recently issued guidance encouraging  States to promote junk health plans through these waivers in order to  circumvent essential health benefits and protections for preexisting  conditions.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   