 Mr. President, I thank Senator Collins and Senator  Feinstein for arranging this afternoon's visit on the floor of the U.S.  Senate. It is a privilege to have the opportunity to come to the floor  today to recognize the courageous and determined women behind the  women's suffrage movement.   These trailblazing women, and countless more like them, paved the way  for women in my home State of Iowa and across the Nation to have the  right to vote. They forged a path for women like me and all of my  absolutely remarkable female colleagues joining me on the Senate floor  today.   On this 100th anniversary of the passage of the 19th Amendment, it is  easy to think of these courageous women as institutions and visions of  strength and perseverance, and that is absolutely what those women are.   They were also once young girls and young women seeking to understand  the answer to simple questions like: Why can't my mother vote in an  election? Why can't I pursue my dreams?   All too often, the response back then to these questions was simply  to tell women that politics and government were too complicated or  important for our gender to have a role in it. ``Best leave it to the  men to figure out these tough matters.'' That is what they would say.   I think the 127 women in Congress this year would have something very  different to say about that. To be honest, I don't know if the  suffragettes completely understood the tremendous impact their efforts  would have now a century later.   They secured more than just the right to vote. The passage of the  19th Amendment has led to immeasurable progress in the right for  women's equality on all fronts. I see their spirit in the girls and  women, young and old, I meet each and every day in my job as a U.S.  Senator.   I was recently at a women's networking event where Gen. Jennifer  Walter, the first female Iowa Air Guard general in the Iowa National  Guard, talked about her career options when she graduated high school  over four decades ago. They were very limited, to say the least. She  could be a typist or work in a clerking job in the Air Force or she  could be a nurse. Those were the options that were open to her, but  General Walter is not one to be boxed in.   She decided to forge her own path forward. That led her to the Air  National Guard, first in Kansas and then in my home State of Iowa.  There were still plenty of obstacles, but she was unwavering. Walter  was going to prove she belonged and could reach her full potential.   Even in my own life, I have benefited from the hard work and the  commitment of these women trailblazers. That is especially clear when I  look back on my 23 years of service in the Army Reserve and the Iowa  Army National Guard.   When I joined the service after college, there were no opportunities  for women in combat. By 2003, I was a company commander leading supply  convoys in combat zones in Iraq. Like me, hundreds of women were  serving the cause of freedom, and some were even paying the ultimate  price for our Nation. Yet women could not even formally serve in combat  fields or occupations until 2013.   Now I look at my daughter, Libby, as she prepares to enter her second  year at West Point, and she also considers entering combat arms. She  has so many opportunities ahead of her because of the strong women that  came before her.   It is truly an honor to be in the company of so many remarkable women  on the Senate floor today to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the  passage of the 19th Amendment giving women the right to vote, and it is  all the more fitting that we do so during a time when there are more  women serving in the U.S. Senate than any other time in history.   We come from every imaginable background and from every corner of our  great and beautiful country. I will continue to challenge every one of  our  [[Page S3193]]  young women today who are contemplating serving our country in  government or in the armed services to say yes and to jump into that  arena. We are a better nation because of the contributions of women in  all walks of life and in all fields of service and in both Chambers of  Congress.   Again, I offer my great thanks to Senator Susan Collins and Senator  Dianne Feinstein of California for the opportunity to speak today.   I yield the floor.   