 Mr. President, during Military Appreciation Month, we  honor the men and women who wear our Nation's uniform, those who have  worn it in the past, and those who have sacrificed their lives for our  freedom.   As a Senator and a combat veteran with over 23 years of service  between the Army Reserves and the Iowa Army National Guard, I am  grateful to have the opportunity to get to know so many patriotic and  selfless Americans, and Iowans are well represented in those ranks.  Nearly 9 percent of our State's adult population are veterans. The  national average is just above 6\1/2\ percent. From World War II to the  global war on terrorism, Iowans have served with honor and distinction.   Military Appreciation Month is also a time to recognize our military  families who sacrifice so much and faithfully support our men and women  in uniform. They keep things running during long deployments and help  during the transition back to civilian life--they help that family  member--and, of course, long, long after. So to  [[Page S2859]]  all of our military families in Iowa and, of course, across the Nation,  thank you for choosing to serve.   This month is also a good opportunity for those of us in the Senate  to highlight some of the work we are doing to support our  servicemembers, our military families, and, of course, our veterans.  Next week, the Senate Armed Services Committee will be starting our  yearly national defense authorization bill process. In anticipation of  that process, I will be joining my Democratic colleague from Arizona,  Senator Sinema, to introduce two new bills to address military sexual  assault--one to improve prevention and the other to streamline  prosecution.   I will also be introducing a bill with Senator Warren that will  explore ways to better track traumatic brain injuries sustained by our  warfighters. Helping our servicemembers with injuries sustained in  battle is a top priority of mine. We owe it to our wounded warriors to  seek out game-changing treatments and to help them heal and recover.   As the chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and  Capabilities, I will also use the NDAA process to ensure that the bill  fosters technological advancements to better equip our warfighters for  success.   Military Appreciation Month is an important reminder of the daily  sacrifice made by our servicemembers, our military families, and our  veterans. It is also a solemn time to remember those who made the  ultimate sacrifice to keep America free, safe, and prosperous. We have  many of our own Members who have served in the military, and I want to  thank them all very much. So for those of us who have worn boots, we  take a look at this legislation and find ways that we can better  support those who serve.   In the Senate, members of our military, families, and veterans have  our support and our gratitude, not only today but every day.   I know the folks back home in Iowa feel the same.   So from all of us to all of you who have worn the uniform and those  who have supported those who have worn the uniform, thank you for your  service, and God bless you.   God bless our great State of Iowa, God bless the great United States  of America and those men and women who make it possible to be free.   I yield the floor.   