 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I thank Representatives Bass and Fitzpatrick and Chairman  Nadler for their work on this bill, which will provide critical support  to women.   My amendment has two components to help ensure our work reaches women  in every corner of society.   The first requires an annual report on the status of women in Federal  incarceration. According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, women  account for approximately 7 percent of the Federal inmate population.  As of March 28, the U.S. had 180,181 Federal inmates. This means that  the number of female prisoners in America is about 12,613.   Women in prison face unique challenges. For example, they are more  likely to have their children taken away from them while they are  incarcerated, more likely to have trouble accessing basic hygiene  products, and more likely to suffer from mental health problems.   A report done by the Center for American Progress found that 75  percent of incarcerated women suffer from substance abuse problems,  while 68 percent experienced physical or sexual abuse at some point in  their lives.   This commonsense amendment would compile more comprehensive, badly  needed data to help us better understand the needs of incarcerated  women and help us deliver the services they need.   The report on women would include data points such as sexual  orientation and gender identity, exposure to sexual and domestic  violence, whether the woman was pregnant at the time of her  incarceration, and length of sentence. The report would also collect  data on all Federal facilities where women are incarcerated to  determine best practices and the availability of trauma treatment.   This information can then be used by Congress to develop policies  that would better serve women and their families.   The second component of my amendment directs the Attorney General, in  coordination with the Chief of U.S. Probation and Pretrial Services and  the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, to collaborate on reentry  planning and services for incarcerated women, including the development  of a national standard on domestic and sexual violence prevention.   Reentry and planning services are vital because reentering society is  a difficult process for many and represents a critical point of  transition that may help solidify rehabilitation or may, if poorly  managed, pose new risk to success.   This is especially the case for women because of the unique  circumstances I mentioned previously. Many are caretakers for their  children, victims of abuse, and have addiction issues.   For example, finding a place to live is especially difficult.  Formerly incarcerated individuals are nearly 10 times  [[Page H3031]]  more likely to become homeless. Data from the Prison Policy Initiative  show that formerly incarcerated women face homelessness at much higher  rates than men. For women of color, the rate of homelessness only  increases. Further, many shelters are reluctant to accept women with  children.   When developing reentry plans and services, the Department of Justice  officials are required to address gender-collaborative services;  housing; previous exposure to and risk for domestic and sexual  violence; and the need for parenting classes, securing childcare  assistance, and assistance securing jobs that afford flexibility.   Finally, the establishment of a national standard on domestic and  sexual violence prevention will ensure that the government sets the bar  for protecting vulnerable women from abuse. Affirmatively including  incarcerated women in the reauthorization of VAWA will enable the  government to treat these women with dignity and respect and ensure we  are doing all we can to prevent future victims of violence.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I thank the distinguished gentleman from  Georgia, and I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   