 Mr. President, I think it is good that we are standing  here on the Senate floor and acknowledging the news the President has  just announced--that the government will reopen as early as today and  that those good, dedicated, and hard-working Federal employees who have  either been furloughed or who have been working without pay for 35 days  now will be able to get back to work and will be able to receive just  compensation for their work. This is important news. This is good news.  This is long-awaited news.   In fairness, this never should have happened. I concur with my  colleague from Maine that there is never a good reason to have a  government shutdown in the first place. We have demonstrated that we  can do it, but it sure isn't something that should be done.   I think the men and women who have been so directly and immediately  impacted are not only relieved this afternoon, but they are saying: For  heaven's sake, Congress, make sure you don't put us through this again.   Count me in that camp of working to make sure we don't put these men  and women and their families through this again.   I have been holding Skype sessions with the spouses of our active  Coast Guard in Alaska. Last evening, I had an opportunity to connect  with the spouses from Sitka. It is absolutely gut-wrenching to hear a  young wife, who has a baby who is now less than 1 year old, and her  husband, who has been out at sea for 5 months--he has just come home-- relay the conversation of the two of them crying in bed as they are  discussing whether she should leave Sitka with their baby to go back  and live with either his parents or her parents because they cannot  afford to stay in the Coast Guard community that they are in.   I am scheduled to have yet another Skype session with the spouses of  our Coast Guard men and women from Cordova and Petersburg just 40  minutes from now. I think it is going to be a much better conversation  with them than with the spouses from Sitka yesterday because we will be  able to share the good news.   It was interesting to see, as I have visited with them and have heard  their very direct stories, that they are pretty selfless. They are  pretty selfless in saying: As hard as this is on us and as much as we  want to be paid, we want to make sure that others who serve as public  servants--our Federal employees, whether they are air traffic  controllers, whether they are FAA, whether they are TSA, whether they  are NOAA, whether they are NIMS--will also get paid because they, too,  are our friends and our neighbors, and they, too, are hurting. Again,  we need to make sure we are doing right by all of those who serve our  country, who serve all of us through the good work they do through the  Agencies.   This has been a harsh and a difficult time, and it has been  particularly painful for me, coming from a State where we are feeling  the direct impacts of this partial shutdown, perhaps more so than any  other State out there. I am told that, per capita, there are more  Federal employees in Alaska who are directly impacted by this partial  shutdown than in any other State, so I hear the urgency. It is not just  from our Coast Guard men and women; again, it is from so many Agencies  that have a presence.   I got a readout just yesterday from those in the fishing industry who  are concerned that because permits can't get issued, because comments  can't be published in the Federal Register, the impact to their  fisheries and being able to move forward with the black cod fishery or  to move forward with the pot cod--they are not going to be able to do  it. So today's news allows everyone to breathe a sigh of relief. But I  don't want them--whether they are fishermen or whether they are that  Coast Guard wife--thinking, am I going to be able to breathe now for  only 3 weeks? What happens after that?   We owe it not only to our Federal workers, but we also owe it to all  of America to take the anxiety out of this process.   I have supported my colleague the Senator from Ohio in his  legislation that would permanently end government shutdowns. As an  appropriator, I am not convinced, the way it is drafted, that it is  something I am entirely good with, but I want us to take this off the  table. In fact, I believe it was the Presiding Officer who used the  terminology that a shutdown is like the chemical warfare agent when it  comes to political weapons.   At the end of the day, these are people's lives we are dealing with.  These are people's lives we are messing with when we say that we are  going to shut down the government for this period of time while we try  to advance priorities. We cannot mess with people's lives this way.   We have our work cut out for us, and I believe we will rise to this  occasion.  [[Page S674]]  We must rise to this occasion. I look forward to doing that.   I thank the President for his announcement today. I thank him for  giving us the 3 weeks that we requested. I thank the majority leader  and the minority leader for coming together to help advance this.   It is going to take all of us--it is going to take the President; it  is going to take the leadership--working together.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I look forward to my  continuing role in this, but know that we owe it to the country. We owe  it to the country to get this right and get it right quickly.   This is a good start today, and I look forward to working with my  colleagues.   I yield the floor.   