 Mr. Speaker, back in 1965, when President Lyndon Johnson  signed the Older Americans Act, Congress codified into law an essential  and universal truth, that each generation has a responsibility to  protect and support those who raised and have cared for us.   These bonds of solidarity tie our society together. We are stronger  both as individuals and as a Nation when we hold each other up.   The objectives of the Older Americans Act were to secure adequate  income in retirement, the best possible physical and mental health  services without regard to economic status, suitable housing and  transportation, restorative services, and employment opportunities free  of discrimination.   The programs funded through the OAA remain immensely popular, but  funding has not kept pace. In 2010, OAA funding was approximately  $42.95 per senior in today's dollars. Today, it is just $27.25 per  senior.   Every time funding fails to meet demand, the foundation of our Great  Society is chipped away. Every time funding fails to meet demand, we  run the risk of malnutrition, unsafe living conditions, and social  isolation for our seniors.   Fortunately, there is a solution, and that solution is the  legislation we are voting on today. The Dignity in Aging Act of 2019 is  a bipartisan reauthorization of the OAA, which gives all OAA programs  an immediate 7 percent increase in fiscal year 2020 and a 6 percent  increase every year thereafter.   Reflecting the fact that this is a national priority, transcending  differences of party and politics, three of my Republican colleagues-- Representative Dusty Johnson, Representative Stefanik, and  Representative Comer--worked alongside me as original cosponsors of  this legislation, which was introduced by my colleague Representative  Bonamici.   Critically, this legislation includes provisions that will guide  OAA's nutrition programs, like Meals on Wheels, programs that meet an  urgent need across our country, and it includes language that will  benefit our seniors by ensuring access to nutritional services that are  culturally sensitive and reflect the diverse needs of our communities.   I am particularly proud that this bill updates the OAA by putting a  greater focus on countering social isolation, empowering local  organizations to develop solutions that incorporate social isolation  screening into mental health and supportive services that seniors  receive.   That is why I proposed an amendment unanimously adopted by the  Education and Labor Committee as part of the underlying legislation to  add screening for suicide risk to the disease prevention and health  promotion services offered under the OAA.   Older Americans are among the most at-risk members of our population  when it comes to the suicide epidemic across our Nation. We must stand  with these fellow Americans and offer them our support as we all work  to break the stigma around suicide and mental health, and as we all  work to build a society in which we prioritize mental health just as  much as physical health.   