 Mr. President, Johnny Isakson will be a legend in the  Senate. His life is marked with such tremendous service. From his time  in the Georgia Air National Guard to his service in the Georgia house  and senate, and on to the U.S. House and the Senate, Johnny has been  making his home State proud every single step of the way.   As a fellow veteran, I can't tell you how much I especially  appreciate Senator Isakson's relentless and dedicated focus on  veterans' issues. As chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs  Committee, he has worked tirelessly to put our veterans first.   One of the most important pieces of legislation we worked on together  was the VA MISSION Act. Veterans in Iowa and in Georgia are oftentimes  living in rural areas or are simply homebound. So with the VA MISSION  Act, I knew that Johnny would be a great ally and partner to make sure  that we prioritized telehealth and ensure that veterans could receive  necessary care closer to home, and we did just that.   Folks, the MISSION Act is truly landmark legislation that is making a  difference in the lives of countless veterans across our Nation. It  would not have been possible without the hard work and the diligent  efforts of our colleague Senator Johnny Isakson. He understands the  importance of building relationships and working across the aisle,  putting our veterans ahead of politics, and getting his job done. His  determination and commitment to veterans is remarkable, and I will  forever be grateful for his leadership in this particular area.   I have been asked many times what I am going to miss about Johnny  Isakson. Well, there is quite a lot that I will miss about Johnny, but  if I had to narrow it down to just a few things, I would say, first,  his joy. Johnny always--always--has a smile on his face. His joy truly  is contagious, and it is genuine. He loves serving the people of  Georgia, and you can't help but smile when you see Johnny Isakson.   Second is his passion. There is absolutely no doubt in anyone's mind  around here that Senator Johnny Isakson loves his country. You can see  it when he speaks on the floor of the Senate and in the way he works  with colleagues to fulfill his duties as a Senator. Georgians really  should be very proud of him.   Finally, for me, I would have to say his encouragement. When I see  Johnny in the halls or in the cloakroom, always--no matter how quickly  I seem to be walking--he smiles. He will stop me, and he will always  speak an encouraging and a very kind word. I know he does this not just  with his Republican colleagues but also with our Democratic friends.  While you will not see that on TV or in the headlines, it is real, and  it is Johnny Isakson.   That leads me to what I will miss most of all. I will miss Johnny,  plain and simple. He has never taken his eye off the ball. He has been  committed and he has been focused on serving the people of his home  State that he loves so dearly. We will miss Johnny. He has been a  tremendous colleague and a friend to all of us.   Johnny, you will be missed on this floor and in these halls. From one  veteran to another, thank you for all you have done for our great  veterans, not just in Georgia, not just in Iowa, but all across our  Nation. May God bless you, Johnny Isakson, and may God bless your  family. Thank you for your service.   I yield the floor.   