 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Pallone for  yielding and for his leadership.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 987, the Strengthening  Health Care and Lowering Prescription Drug Costs Act. This legislative  package is comprised of commonsense proposals that will advance  important gains made by the Affordable Care Act and further improve our  healthcare  [[Page H3862]]  system by, one, lowering the cost of prescription drug prices and, two,  increasing access to care.   Included in this package is my bill, the MORE Health Education Act,  which will restore funding to the Affordable Care Act's marketing and  outreach programs and, according to the CBO, help an additional 5  million Americans get health coverage.   Educating Americans about when they can enroll and what their options  are gets more people covered, creates a better risk pool, brings down  some of the cost of high premiums, and gets us one step closer to  stabilizing the individual marketplace.   ACA outreach not only boosts enrollment, but is also cost effective.  The private sector spends between $250 and $1,000 per enrollment;  however, it costs the government just $29 to enroll someone in the  individual marketplace using TV ads--$29.   The goal of affordable, accessible, and high-quality healthcare is  not a D or an R, it is an A for American.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Scott), the chairman of the committee.   According to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary, ``sabotage'' is, an act  or process intended to hurt or hamper.   I am a person who is really particular about words, and I have heard  this word used a lot. And when I look at what has happened to the  Affordable Care Act over the past few years, the administration has  slashed the enrollment period, we scrubbed the ACA from government  websites, we have cut in-person assistance, and eliminated almost all  of the educational outreach for the open enrollment period.   All of the administration's actions were intended to deliberately  damage the ACA and hamper American's access to affordable, quality  healthcare.   I don't question people's motivations. I think we all want the same  thing. We all want healthcare for Americans.   But this bill, H.R. 987, is intended to do two things. Number one,  lower the cost of prescription drugs, and number two, strengthen this  historic legislation, the ACA.   Today, we have an opportunity to reverse the administration's  relentless sabotage of the healthcare system and lower prescription  drug prices. And as I think about individuals in my State, I think  about a woman who came to me crying because of the cost of her  prescription drugs.   Every one of us in here wants to see something happen. Today, we have  the opportunity to make that happen.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 987.    Mr. Chair, I would like to revise my remarks  made during general debate of the underlying measure, H.R. 987. In my  remarks, I stated that the marketing and outreach provision under Title  II of H.R. 987 would increase enrollment into health plans by five  million over the ten year period as estimated by the Congressional  Budget Office. Due to the methodology adopted by the Congressional  Budget Office to estimate the enrollment effect of the underlying  measure, the figure is more appropriately represented as increasing  enrollment by about 500,000 each year over the ten year period.    Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment because by  stripping the ACA's stabilization bills from this package, we are  reneging on the promise that we made to the American people: access to  quality, affordable healthcare.   This complete package of bills helps stabilize the ACA which will  improve the risk pool, reduce premium cost, and lower the number of  uninsured.   The CBO found that my bill, the MORE Health Education Act would help  5 million Americans obtain high-quality health insurance created by the  ACA. It is supported by AARP, the American Hospital Association, and a  number of other organizations, as was mentioned before.   From day one, there has been a concern that when we shorten the  amount of time that people can enroll, when we tell them that we are  not going to let them know what is even available to them, and then we  take away the resources and the individuals that can help them get  there, that is why we feel like we have been watching and witnessing  the move backwards.   What we want to do with this bill is move forward. So I urge my  colleagues to reject this amendment and support the full legislative  package for the people.    Mr. Chair, I would like to revise my remarks  made during debate of amendment No. 2 of H.R. 987, offered by Mr.  McKinley. In my remarks, I stated that the marketing and outreach  provision under Title II of H.R. 987 would increase enrollment into  health plans by five million over the ten year period as estimated by  the Congressional Budget Office. Due to the methodology adopted by the  Congressional Budget Office to estimate the enrollment effect of the  underlying measure, the figure is more appropriately represented as  increasing enrollment by about 500,000 each year over the ten year  period.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, this is a simple amendment designed to ensure that  Congress is able to review the Department of Health and Human Services'  own analysis of the ACA's marketing and outreach programs.   In April of this year, I led a letter signed by 30 of my House  colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee requesting HHS disclose  any studies and data related to their marketing and outreach efforts  for the ACA. HHS and CMS have had more than 50 days to respond to this  request and provide crucial documents to the public and Congress. The  lack of response confirms our concerns about transparency and  commitment to implementing the current law.   While estimates vary, it is clear that marketing and outreach efforts  created by the ACA could significantly improve the lives of tens of  thousands of Americans. Many of these Americans are simply unaware of  the health insurance and financial assistance options available to  them. HHS and CMS have the power and obligation to assist the public in  understanding these options.   My colleagues would agree that HHS and CMS also have the obligation  to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars by doing this effectively.  Because of this, earlier this morning, I sent a follow-up letter  requesting that these documents be released without delay.   The results of this study need to be made public so that Congress can  enact effective policy that reaches our common goal of quality and  affordable health insurance for all Americans.   Simply put, public awareness of the ACA isn't as high as folks are  made to believe, and the ACA's marketing and outreach program was an  effective tool in helping Americans make informed decisions for their  families.   According to Joshua Peck, a former senior adviser at CMS who oversaw  the marketing program, the private sector spends between $250 and  $1,000 per enrollment. How much did it cost the Federal Government?  Twenty-nine dollars.   It costs government just $29 to enroll someone in the individual  marketplace using TV ads. That is a good use of taxpayer dollars.   A July 2018 Government Accountability Office report on ACA outreach  and enrollment even cites the HHS' study, which looked at the most  cost-effective forms of advertising for new and returning enrollees.  The GAO found that the study named television ads as one of the best  forms of advertising for enrolling Americans. Despite objective, fact- based analysis, the administration eliminated these ads.   Mr. Chairman, I support the underlying legislation, and I ask my  colleagues to support my amendment and make clear that HHS should be  transparent and release these studies.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, I urge my colleagues  to support this amendment and also support the underlying bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   