 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 648. The bill before  us today represents some of the hard work done in conference between  the House and the Senate. House Democrats closed the bills without  Republican signoff. Therefore, this bill leaves many items yet to be  negotiated.   It has no chance of becoming law in its current form because it does  not include funding for border security. The Senate will not take it  up, and the President will not sign it.   Today marks day 33 of an unnecessary government shutdown. Democrats  have failed to come to the table to  [[Page H1151]]  offer a serious compromise solution to reopen the government, pay our  Federal employees, and fund border security.   In contrast, over the last 33 days, Republicans have offered multiple  plans to do just that. Last week, I put forward a plan that would allow  Federal employees to immediately receive pay while Members of Congress  and the White House continue working toward a permanent solution to end  the shutdown. Sadly, Democrats in this Chamber voted against this  commonsense measure.   Over the weekend, President Trump put forward a reasonable compromise  proposal that provides something for both sides: funding for border  security and protections for Dreamers. Once again, Democrats rejected  this plan before they even heard the details.   Mr. Speaker, we face a true humanitarian and security crisis at our  border. More than 30 percent of women who come to the border are  sexually assaulted on their trip, according to Doctors Without Borders.  The number of families and unaccompanied children crossing the border  illegally has increased dramatically, up nearly 150 percent in  December.   My friends on the other side of the aisle talk often about the need  to help these women and children, and I agree with them. So why are  they refusing to accept this compromise proposal put forward by the  administration that would provide relief for 700,000 child immigrants  brought here by their parents and another 30,000 immigrants whose  protected status is in jeopardy?    This shutdown has caused real-world consequences for Federal  employees who have bills to pay and families to support. The  hardworking men and women of the TSA, Border Patrol, Coast Guard, air  traffic control, and others are suffering. The continuing refusal of  Democrats to come to the negotiating table only further harms these  employees.   The shameful gamesmanship must stop. I call on my friends on the  other side of the aisle to get serious about working with us to secure  our border, end this shutdown, and pay our Federal employees.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Fortenberry).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Joyce).    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the  bill before us today, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the dais.    I am, in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, my motion amends the bill by striking all  of its contents and replacing it with an appropriation to ensure  Federal employees will get the backpay they deserve.   I am offering this motion because the overall bill we are considering  today does not address the Department of Homeland Security's funding  requirements to secure the border. Therefore, we know the President  will not support it, so it will not reopen the Federal Government or  ensure our employees are paid.   Last week, I essentially offered this same motion, which, again, will  immediately provide the backpay our hardworking Federal employees have  earned since this shutdown began.   This should be something that all Members of this Chamber support, so  it is troubling that my friends on the other side of the aisle chose to  vote against this measure when it was brought to the floor last week.  So we are giving them yet another opportunity to end the political  gamesmanship and vote for this measure today.   This shutdown has caused real-world consequences for Federal  employees, such as Border Patrol and DEA agents, TSA personnel, air  traffic controllers, and the hundreds of thousands of other Federal  employees suffering during this shutdown.   These employees have bills to pay and families to support. This  motion will ensure that they are able to do that immediately while we  continue working toward a permanent solution that will reopen the  government.   We need to start working on legislation that can be enacted into law.  This motion is one such measure.   Federal employees should not suffer because of the Democrats' refusal  to negotiate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the motion, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   