 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment,  which would ensure that corals are included in projects eligible for  grants provided for by section 102 of the underlying bill, the Living  Shorelines grant program.   Living shorelines are essential for protecting our coastlines from  rising sea levels and stronger wave action from intensifying storms.   My district in south Florida benefits greatly from many elements of  living shorelines. Mangroves absorb the power of strong waves, protect  our coasts from erosion, and store carbon. Our beautiful Everglades  provide tremendous flood protection, clean our water, and provide  habitats for so many types of wildlife.   Another crucial tool in our natural toolbox is coral reefs, and we  must ensure that projects to protect and restore our reefs are eligible  for grants.   My district is home to the third largest barrier reef in the world  and the only barrier reef in the continental United States. Healthy  corals dissipate the force of waves and protect coastlines from damage  and erosion. In fact, according to NOAA, healthy coral reefs absorb 97  percent of a wave's energy, providing significant shoreline protection.   Unlike concrete and stone seawalls and breakwaters, coral reefs have  a tremendous amount of biodiversity that is unparalleled under the  surface. They are the rain forest of the ocean. They are essential for  our tourism industry and for our fishing industry, both recreational  and commercial.   Our coral reefs are suffering right now under the stressors of  today's environment and human activity. We need to take steps wherever  we can to protect and restore our reefs.   Mr. Chairman, I urge the support of my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the concern of my  fellow colleague from the other side, but you know the technicalities  that we have to deal with when dealing with bureaucratic agencies and  governments. So we just need to make sure that we do not exclude such a  crucial part of what we are talking about, which is protection for our  shorelines.   I just want to mention one more thing, that the annual benefits of  coral reefs, including a flood protection barrier for more than 18,000  coastal citizens, actually provide $1.8 billion worth of coastal  infrastructure in the United States in terms of benefits. So, whatever  we are going to spend in providing grants to protect our coral reefs,  we are going to receive back in benefits.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   