 Mr. Chairman, as we heard, Chaco Canyon is a UNESCO  World Heritage site, and the reason it is listed this way is because it  is a place of magic and history. Anyone who has slept there under the  stars, as I have, and as I would urge my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle to do, knows what a special and unique place this is and  why it must be protected.   But there are many ways one can damage an historic site. Obviously,  you can damage the very soil that it sits on. But you can also damage  the air quality that the visitors to this site find every year.   Oil and gas development produces smog and gas flares that harm  animals, vegetation, and people who live nearby. It also undermines the  park's pristine night skies that attract thousands of visitors every  year. It emits methane that leads to harmful ground-level ozone  pollution, and it is just not worth destroying this precious treasure.   I support reasonable oil and gas development throughout the West in  my State, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and so many places. But just  because we should have oil and gas development in appropriate places  doesn't mean we should have it everywhere, certainly not near or in  Chaco Canyon. That is why I support this legislation, Mr. Chairman, and  I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Madam Chair, I want to thank my colleague from Colorado  and laud him for taking on the mantle of supporting the Colorado  Outdoor Recreation and Economy Act.   Our State has some of the most remarkable outdoor landscapes in the  country. As a fourth-generation Coloradan, I understand how important  our public lands are to our livelihoods, our health, and, yes, our  identity.   Like many Coloradans, I have personal memories of camping and hiking  with my family and using our public lands to teach my daughters about  the importance of environmental stewardship and conservation.   But preserving our public lands is not important just to those of us  who enjoy exploring the outdoors; it is important to our State's  economy.   We can't allow ourselves to sit back and assume that the places we  cherish today will be there for future generations to experience as  well. Every 30 seconds, our Nation loses the equivalent of a football  field of natural area due to human activity.   Let me say that again. Every 30 seconds, our Nation loses a football  field of natural area due to human activity. We are seeing this right  now in our home State with the pressures of population growth.   That is why, for more than 20 years, I have been working with my  colleagues in Congress, with local elected officials, and with citizens  across the State to protect the very few remaining special areas that  we have left. That is why I am so honored that we are now beginning to  see the fruits of all of this action.    The legislation that we will vote on today will protect an additional  400,000 acres of public lands in our State, including 70,000 acres of  wilderness. It is part of our overall effort to preserve 1 million  acres of public lands in our State, not just for wilderness, but also  for multiple use, which is so critical for our State.   Together, the CORE Act and the Colorado Wilderness Act, which I am  the prime sponsor of, will help boost Colorado's multibillion-dollar  outdoor recreation industry, which supports more than 220,000 jobs in  our State. They will also help increase our Nation's tourism industry,  lift nearby property values, and improve residents' overall quality of  life.   Our constituents have been clear on this issue: they want to protect  our public lands. As Congressman Neguse noted, one recent poll found  that as many as 90 percent of Colorado's residents believe that  protecting our outdoor recreation economy is important to the future of  our State.   Our State has changed. Our economy is dependent on the preservation  of our special remaining wild places. I know many of us in the  congressional delegation would agree. That is why we are so united in  this effort. That is why we are eager to take on this fight.   Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to give the people of our  State what they want and to vote for this important legislation.    Will the gentleman yield?    I would just note--and the gentleman and I have actually  discussed this--as we have been preparing the maps for my bill, which  we are going to be seeing in the Natural Resources Committee in the  next few weeks, we have seen, even in areas that are protected as  wilderness study areas or other BLM Federal lands, we have seen a  steady erosion by people who are over loving these lands, and that is  why we need these protections.   