 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Hawaii  for yielding the time.   I rise today in support of the Coastal and Great Lakes Communities  Enhancement Act, H.R. 729. I also rise as a proud Floridian and as the  chair of the House Select Committee on the Climate Crisis. Our select  committee is tasked with developing a climate action plan in the coming  months.    Communities across America are grappling with the rising costs of the  climate crisis. Here in Congress, we are working to be good partners  with our neighbors and communities back home and provide the tools they  need to take care of America's diverse and vital coastal communities.   That is why, last month, I visited two of my colleagues in south  Florida, Congresswoman Donna Shalala and Congresswoman Debbie Mucarsel- Powell--they are in the Florida Keys and Miami Beach--to see how their  communities are responding to climate change. Here we are with Lad  Akins of the National Marine Sanctuary Foundation. They are doing a  lot, but we have to do more.   Across the Keys and Miami Beach, and all across this great country,  local officials are taking bold action to adapt to sea level rise and  make their communities more resilient, but they need our help.   That is why Congress must ramp up bold climate legislation, like this  bill, which includes 10 separate measures to help coastal communities  become more resilient.   One of these bills will create a grant program for coastal  communities to create living shorelines. Another will expand the use of  climate data, which is so vital to determining how we are going to  mitigate and how we are going to adapt.   This Congress will continue to act on the climate crisis. Next  spring, our select committee will release a bold climate action plan,  which will serve as a roadmap for committees to take additional action.   But Chairman Grijalva and the Natural Resources Committee are ahead  of the game, and I want to thank him and his committee members and  professional staff for their deep commitment to America and the places  we hold dear as we work to tackle the rising cost of climate.   