 Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for  yielding and, also, for her tremendous leadership on the House Rules  Committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the rule and  Congressman Castro's resolution to stop President Trump's fake, so- called national emergency at the border.   Let me be clear: This emergency declaration is a blatant attempt to  subvert the Constitution and get around Congress' sole power of the  purse. Let me remind you also, that this is a democracy, not a  dictatorship. We have three branches of government, not one, and  Congress has the power of the purse strings.   Also, let's make one thing clear: There is no emergency at the  border. The only crisis at the border is the humanitarian crisis that  the President created himself through his hateful family separation  policies.   And instead of protecting our national security, this President is  doing just the opposite: He is stealing money from military  construction projects to try to build an unauthorized wall.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I can tell you that we  will not allow this President to circumvent our authority at any cost.  I am proud to cosponsor this resolution to put a strong check on this  President and terminate his ability to declare this fake national  emergency.   I call on my Republican colleagues and the Senate to vote ``yes'' on  this rule and ``yes'' on this resolution. It is past time to stand up  for the Constitution and to stand up for our immigrant communities and  to stand up for our three branches of government.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Raskin for  yielding and for his tireless leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the rule and H.R. 8,  Congressman Thompson's bipartisan bill that makes gun sale background  checks universal.   This bill is an important step to ensure that individuals who should  not be allowed to purchase a gun are no longer able to purchase a gun.   Since 2014, nearly 400 of my constituents have died by gun violence.  Our community feels their loss every single day. Here are just a few of  their names and tragic stories.   Davon Ellis: Davon was a star football player and an excellent  student at Oakland Tech High School. He was shot and killed while  walking home from school. My nephew was walking with him when he was  gunned down.   Travon Godfrey: Travon was killed in 2016 while sitting in a car with  his friends in front of his home. Every time I think about Travon, my  heart breaks. Travon came to a town meeting that I held on gun violence  in January of 2016.   Sadly, these heartbreaking stories are all too familiar in  communities across the country. More than 30,000 Americans lose their  lives to gun violence each year. Shootings now kill as many Americans  as car accidents, and that is why this bill is so important.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much  for yielding me additional time.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is a good first step to ensure that our  background checks are strengthened, that we keep guns out of the wrong  hands, and that we close these loopholes.   Mr. Speaker, we must end this epidemic of gun violence in our  country. This is a national emergency. This bill will save lives, so I  urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the rule and ``yes'' on the bill.   