 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 4617.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, H.R. 4617 is comprehensive legislation to strengthen  the resilience of our democracy and protect against foreign  interference in our elections, including by foreign governments.   These concerns go back to the earliest days of our country. In his  farewell address to the people of the United States, our first  President, George Washington, warned that ``Against the insidious wiles  of foreign influence . . . the jealousy of a free people ought to be  constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign  influence is one of the most baneful foes of the republican  government.''   Mr. Chair, the 2020 Federal elections are fast-approaching. Public  confidence and trust in our elections is of the utmost importance. We  know that foreign adversaries are working to undermine that trust  today. To quote former Special Counsel Mueller in July, ``They are  doing it as we sit here.''   Our adversaries have a variety of tools to interfere in our  democracy. These tools sow disinformation to provoke discord. Their  goal is to divide us and attack our values of equality and freedom.  Their tactics are calculated to undermine confidence in our democratic  institutions so that they will collapse under the pressure of the  division and distrust. The need to act is urgent.   We have been warned repeatedly about this. The former Director of  National Intelligence, Dan Coats, wrote earlier this year in his  Worldwide Threat Assessment, that as the 2020 elections advance, our  ``adversaries and strategic competitors almost certainly will use  online influence operations to try to weaken democratic institutions,  undermine U.S. alliances and partnerships, and shape policy outcomes in  the United States and elsewhere.''   He also wrote that their tactics will include spreading  disinformation, conducting hack-and-leak operations, or manipulating  data in a more targeted  [[Page H8411]]  fashion to influence U.S. policy, actions, and elections.   Earlier this month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence  released a report showing how the Kremlin's ``information warfare  campaign was broad in scope and entailed objectives beyond the result  of the 2016 presidential election.'' This included using content to  ``push Americans further away from one another and to foment distrust  in government institutions.'' The Senate report also found that ``no  single group of Americans was targeted by IRA''--that is the Russian  group--``information operatives more than African Americans.''   Among the bipartisan Senate report's recommendations, are for  Congress to ``examine legislative approaches to ensuring Americans know  the sources of online political advertisements,'' and to harmonize the  rules that apply online with television, radio, and satellite  communications.   H.R. 4617 does just that. It builds on two other bills that  strengthen the integrity of our democracy. In March, the House passed  H.R. 1, the For the People Act, which included strong standards for  ballot box election security, as well as provisions to shut down  loopholes that allow foreign money, including from foreign governments,  to influence elections here.   In June, the House passed H.R. 2722, the SAFE Act, which sets strong  cybersecurity standards for election infrastructure and provides  resources to States to replace paperless and other outdated systems  with voter-verified paper ballot systems.    Now we are turning to another element of election security. H.R. 4617  closes gaps in the law that allow foreign nationals and foreign  governments to launder money into our elections. It promotes full  transparency of the sources behind online campaign advertising, and it  codifies a basic norm that political committees should report offers of  illicit campaign assistance from foreign governments, both to the FBI  and the FEC, rather than welcome interference from foreign governments.   Title I of the bill enhances reporting requirements and advances  transparency and accountability. It establishes a duty upon political  committees to report to the FBI and the FEC illicit offers of campaign  assistance from foreign governments, foreign political parties, and  their agents. This provision of the bill was informed by various  proposals that were introduced in the House, including by  Representative Jackson Lee, Representative Swalwell, Representative  Malinowski, and Representative Slotkin. The bill also includes the  Honest Ads Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation that takes an  important step to provide more transparency to digital political  advertising, including the ads that the Russians targeted to Americans  to build followers and the engagement of unwitting American citizens.   Title II closes loopholes and gaps in the law that permit foreign  nationals and foreign governments to influence elections. It codifies  existing FEC regulations prohibiting foreign nationals from influencing  decisions about campaign spending. It requires the FEC to conduct an  audit of illicit money in elections and report its recommendations to  Congress after every election cycle. It prohibits foreign spending in  connection with ballot initiatives and referenda; and it prohibits  foreign spending and political advertising that promotes, attacks,  supports, or opposes the election of candidates--or in the case of  foreign governments, political advertising during an election year  about national legislative issues of public importance.   I will note that some of these elements received bipartisan support  when similar provisions were included in H.R. 1.   Title III deters foreign interference in elections. For example, it  restricts campaigns from sharing nonpublic campaign materials, like  internal opposition research and internal polling data with foreign  governments and their agents, or those on the sanctions list, which can  include oligarchs.   It also includes the Deceptive Practices and Voter Intimidation  Prevention Act--this was also part of H.R. 1--and prohibits knowingly  false statements about voting and elections that are made with the  intent to impede someone from exercising their franchise. It also  provides mechanisms to ensure that state and local officials and the  attorney general, as necessary, disseminate correct information in the  wake of false information that might spread.   Mr. Chair, free and fair elections are the core of what it means to  live in a democracy like ours. Free and fair elections are at the heart  of what it means to be a citizen of the United States. It is our solemn  duty to defend them.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I would note that it was Justice Kavanaugh,  in the Bluman v. Federal Election Commission case, who wrote the  opinion that ``it is fundamental to the definition of our national  political community that foreign citizens do not have a constitutional  right to participate in, and thus may be excluded from, activities of  democratic self-government.''   The idea that we are going to infringe on foreign governments' rights  to participate is simply not legally supported.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs.  Davis), a valued member of our committee.    Mr. Chair, I would note that I think this bill would  have done a lot to save us from the Russian attacks in 2016.   I will tell you one thing. The chairman of the Trump campaign, Mr.  Manafort, gave internal polling and target data to a Russian agent  multiple times while the Russians were buying ads. That would be  prohibited under this act.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Raskin), a much-valued member of the House Administration Committee.    Mr. Chair, I would note that the legitimate press  function referred to is part of the FEC analysis that has been  longstanding. It is nothing new in this bill.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Butterfield), a respected and valued member of the committee.    Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time remains.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I would just like to note that it was eight Justices who said, in the  Citizens United case, that, while the First Amendment protects  political speech, disclosure permits citizens and shareholders to react  to the speech. They were the ones, in the Citizens United case, who  urged transparency. And it was Justice Kavanaugh himself who pointed  out that foreign citizens don't have a First Amendment right to meddle  in our elections.   Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Sarbanes), who has done so much on our ethics and election reform  effort.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I would just note that the provision referred to relates only to the  time, place, or manner of holding an election. So if you have a digital  ad that says Democrats vote Tuesday, Republicans vote Wednesday, you  can send out an ad saying everybody votes on Tuesday.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee), my colleague on the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Kilmer), who is a leader in the Honest Ads Act.    Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Washington.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Lamb), a star in our caucus.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Slotkin), a new Member of Congress from Michigan, who had  a distinguished career in the intelligence community.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Phillips), a valued new Member of Congress.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I am disappointed that, apparently, we are not going to  get support for this important bill from at least the ranking member  and some of the Members who have spoken today on the other side of the  aisle.   There are no poison pills in this bill, and much of the bill is made  up of bills that had bipartisan support.   It is interesting to hear that somehow this is partisan because the  Republican leadership refuses to step forward to confront the danger  that we face from Russian interference in our elections and the  possible interference from other nations. We have been told by the FBI  that might include Iran as well as Turkey.   I listened carefully to my friend, the ranking member, about the  money that was appropriated--and that was bipartisan; we supported  that--in the last Congress for election security. Democrats included  $600 million this year for election security. We sent it to the Senate,  and unlike last year, they now are refusing to act.   I remember back in law school that I was told by one of my  professors, who I liked so much, that if you can't argue the law and  you can't argue the facts, argue a lot. I think that is some of what we  heard today.   We have had some hearings on these issues, three in the House  Administration Committee. Although the Elections Subcommittee, which  has been so active, did not focus entirely on these issues, it did  touch also on these issues, in fact, just earlier this week. In the  House Administration Committee, there have been 11 of these hearings.   To say that this bill threatens First Amendment rights is certainly  incorrect. Now, I value the ACLU. We work with them very closely on a  variety of issues, including the role of due process in immigration,  and they have an important role in American society. But when it comes  to campaign finance reform, they have a long history of opposing laws  that regulate the raising  [[Page H8418]]  and spending of money to influence elections.   The ACLU filed an amicus brief in support of the Citizens United  case. They opposed the effort by the Congress to get rid of the dark  money in our elections. They, I think, misunderstand the issue of free  speech when it comes to foreign governments.   I will quote the entire thing again that Justice Kavanaugh wrote:  ``The United States has a compelling interest for purposes of First  Amendment analysis in limiting the participation of foreign citizens in  activities of American democratic self-government, and in thereby  preventing foreign influence over the U.S. political process.''    We don't have to worry about whether the Russian trolls' rights to  free speech are being violated when we keep them from interfering in  our elections because we have a compelling interest to keep the  Russians and others from trying to subvert our elections, to hurt our  country. We have a right to defend ourselves from them, and the SHIELD  Act does that.   I would like to note also that elements in this bill would have  prevented some of the misconduct or problems that occurred in the 2016  election.   I was interested that my colleague expressed concern that we didn't  hear from some of the platforms, that we didn't hear from Mark  Zuckerberg. He is correct. We did not call Facebook into the House  Administration Committee. Frankly, if they had said, ``We don't want to  do this,'' I would have said, ``Too bad.''   We need to set some rules that prevent the lack of responsibility on  the part of some of these platforms. They accepted money from Russian  influencers to place ads to harm our democracy. This bill requires them  to make a reasonable effort to find out that the ads that are being  placed are not actually coming from our foreign adversaries.   We, as I mentioned earlier, in this bill directly prohibit the  sharing of sensitive campaign information by American campaigns with  foreign actors. That happened in the 2016 election. We had the chairman  of the Trump campaign, Mr. Manafort, sharing internal polling data with  a Russian agent, sharing the playbook for the States at play with a  Russian agent.   I have wondered a lot about what was going on there. I didn't get an  answer to that, but this bill makes that impermissible. This bill makes  that a crime.   It also requires campaigns to report to the FBI when they have been  contacted by a foreign campaign. We all know now that the Russians  contacted the Trump campaign, and the President's son said: ``If it is  what you say, I love it.'' They supposedly had dirt on the Democratic  opponent. They were going to funnel information into the campaign. Did  the campaign tell the FBI? No, they did not.   Well, if this bill had passed, there would have been a requirement to  notify the FEC and the FBI that the Russians were trying to interfere  in the campaign.   Now, I would think that would be something that most people would  think you would do anyway, that we shouldn't need a law to require it.  But, apparently, we do, and this bill would include that.   I want to mention the Honest Ads Act because the Honest Ads Act has  been introduced with a broad bipartisan group to make sure that there  is disclosure.   We have had a disclosure regime when it comes to broadcast TV and  radio for a long time, but it did not extend to the digital advertising  environment. That is a mistake because as information migrates to the  digital world, we need to have disclosure there, too. The Honest Ads  Act does that. It is incorporated in the SHIELD Act.   It is important. It requires the platforms to maintain copies of the  ads for 4 years. It requires that there be a disclosure of who is  paying for it. The American people have a right to know who is trying  to influence them online, just as they do in TV broadcasting.   Does it make a difference? Yes, it does. I remember in my State of  California, a number of years ago, there was an initiative to control  smoking in restaurants. It was polling at, like, 80 percent, something  of that nature. Then it came out that the backers of the initiative  were the tobacco companies. They were doing it to undercut local  ordinances that were stricter than what they were trying to put into  place at the State level.   Support for the initiative dropped like a stone because people aren't  stupid. They know that they have to consider the source of the  information when information is sent to them.   The American voters have a right to know who is spending money to  influence them.   I would like to say that this measure deserves the support of every  Member of this body. To say that the Senate will take it up--I would  hate to think that the Senate cares so little about protecting our  country from foreign influence that they would simply say no.   Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this bill. I think it is important for  our country. I think it is essential for our democracy.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment. I think the  amendment strikes what is really a commonsense section of the  underlying bill.   Section 313, beginning on page 49, line 11, comes from the Deceptive  Practices and Voter Intimidation Act. It first gives deference to State  and local officials to combat deceptive practices in their localities  if there is a credible report made that materially false information  has been communicated to the public regarding Federal elections such as  the time, place, or manner of holding an election.   Section 313 provides that the responsibility first falls on State and  local officials to correct the materially false information. It is only  if State and local election officials fall short of making a correction  that the Attorney General would ensure that voters do not fall victim  to deceptive practices.   I don't believe this is an example of Federal interference or  overreach. It is an example of putting to use all levels of government  to protect voters in our democracy.   Let's be clear, section 313 is, at its core, about enhancing  transparency and disclosure. The sort of activity we are talking about  here is merely providing factual information to voters to ensure they  are not deceived, that they are adequately informed, and that they have  a fair chance of participating in their democracy.   Section 313, page 51, directs the U.S. Attorney General to work in  partnership with the Election Assistance Commission, State and local  officials, and others to come up with procedures and standards for how  to take corrective action if there is an instance of materially false  information regarding voting. It is not just whatever he or she thinks  at the time. This is going to be said in advance.   The procedures in the partnership determines exactly how the AG could  step in when there is materially false information being spread. The  information communicated by the AG also should be designed not to favor  or disfavor any particular candidate, organization, or political party.   I think this is an example of how local, State, and Federal levels of  government could work together to protect voters in our democracy. This  is not an academic issue. We have seen situations where online, or  elsewhere, information has been spread to people that certain people-- for example, one party or the other--would be allowed to vote on a day  that wasn't election day. Well, that needs to be corrected or people  will be disenfranchised if they believe it because they saw it on the  internet.   Mr. Chairman, I think, though I am sure well-intended, this amendment  is a mistake. I urge its defeat, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I would note that this bill is supported by  a broad spectrum of civil rights groups, including the Leadership  Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, as well as the Brennan  Center for Justice. And there is a reason for that.   A lot of the mischief that goes on to try and prevent people from  voting has a racial impact. We have seen the suppression of the vote,  the efforts that have been undertaken to suppress the vote through  confusion and through lies, where a piece of information would go into  a minority community--``the vote is now on Wednesday, not on  Tuesday''--so that people will be confused and not show up to vote.   That is simply wrong. We need to take steps that are reasonable, as  this is, to confront that.   This bill will help. That is why so many groups support it.   I urge defeat of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I would like to say that this motion to  recommit should be opposed. It is so much weaker than the bill that we  have an opportunity to pass to get foreign interference out of our  elections so that millions of Americans are not exposed unwittingly to  ads by Russian trolls.   I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Rose).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   