 Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2157,  the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2019.   This bill is a comprehensive emergency disaster supplemental bill to  help meet the urgent needs of American communities still struggling to  recover from recent hurricanes, typhoons, wildfires, floods and other  natural disasters.   This robust disaster package includes $17.2 billion in long overdue  emergency spending for disaster-stricken communities across our nation  and territories.   It builds on the legislation that passed the House in January-- including an additional $3 billion to address the urgent needs of those  living in the Midwest (Nebraska, Missouri, South Dakota, Iowa and  Kansas) and South (Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia and the  Carolinas) who have been devastated by flooding and tornadoes in recent  months.   This bill also provides some additional disaster assistance to  communities continuing to recover from Hurricane Harvey.   House Democrats are standing up and taking action to help communities  across the United States and in Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana  Islands, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa recover and  heal from devastating disasters--these communities should not be held  hostage because of President Trump's personal contempt for Puerto Rico.   Senate Republicans should come to their senses and join Democrats in  advancing this bill and speeding relief to millions of Americans.   Included in this legislation is critical funding for:   Infrastructure and community development to rebuild our  transportation systems and repair housing, businesses and public  infrastructure;   Farmers and rural communities to bolster the farmer safety net and  restore disaster-damaged lands;   Social services, mental health, education and dislocated worker  initiatives to invest in the well-being of children, workers and  families in disaster-struck areas--including providing critical  nutrition and Medicaid assistance for Puerto Rico and U.S. territories;   DOD and Veterans Affairs to repair and rebuild hurricane-damaged  bases and facilities; and   Disaster resiliency to mitigating damage and costs from future  disasters which are becoming more frequent as a result of climate  change.   American families hit by natural disasters deserve to know that their  government will stand with them throughout the road to recovery.   Democrats are committed to delivering this assistance to our fellow  Americans as they work to rebuild their lives and their communities.   Another reason I strongly support this bill is that H.R. 2157, the  ``Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2019,'' provides much needed and  long overdue relief to Americans in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin  Islands still suffering from the ravages of Hurricanes Maria and Irma,  as well as relief to victims of Hurricane Michael which struck Alabama,  Florida, and Georgia in October 2018. It also provides relief to the  victims of the Midwestern floods that have caused so much damage in  Nebraska, Missouri, South Dakota, Iowa, and Kansas.   I support this legislation and offered an amendment that would have  provided additional funding for electricity delivery and necessary  expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, Irma,  and Maria, and Super Typhoon Yutu including technical assistance  related to electric grids.   As the representative of the Eighteenth Congressional District of  Texas, which was ground zero for Hurricane Harvey, I regularly hear  from constituents expressing their concern with ineffective and  inadequate FEMA mechanisms put in place to help rectify the damage  caused by natural disasters.   That is why I also offered an amendment to H.R. 2157 that would  prohibits funds in the bill from being used to prevent the FEMA  Administrator from monitoring the response given to disaster victims in  order to ensure quality control or becoming aware of complaints  regarding the response given to disaster victims and having in place a  mechanism to address such complaints.   A third Jackson Lee amendment to H.R. 2157 would have provided a  minimum of $1 million for wastewater and drinking water treatment works  and facilities impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria.   Hurricane Sandy inflicted more than $70 billion in damages in 2012,  and Matthew cost the U.S. about $10.3 billion in 2016. With Harvey, an  estimated 13 million people were affected, nearly 135,000 homes damaged  or destroyed in the historic flooding, and up to a million cars were  wrecked.   Hurricane Harvey ranks as the second-most costly hurricane to hit the  U.S. mainland since  [[Page H3691]]  1900, causing more than $125 billion in damage.   Our residents need more money than for single-family home repairs,  whether it is disaster recovery or general housing dollars and I will  continue to stride on behalf of the neighborhoods and on behalf of  hard-working homeowners who deserve these funds, so they can continue  on with their lives and return to their homes.   Victims of natural disasters are entitled to know who to contact when  issues related to FEMA arise and to be assured that their questions are  answered, and complaints addressed.   Allocating funding for measures such as Electricity Delivery for  necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey,  Maria, Irma, and Super Typhoon Yutu, is vital to negate the effects of  these catastrophic events from significantly worsening.   Hospitals, first-responders, and a number of other vital institutions  that help our communities recover from the aftereffects of natural  disasters need access to electricity.   Moreover, with the severity of natural disasters and the ranging of  their locations we must be proactive in our preparation for recovery.   Alternatively, water is the most essential resource known to man.   A human can go for more than three weeks without food--Mahatma Gandhi  survived 21 days of complete starvation--but water is a different  story.   At least 60 percent of the adult body is made of it and every living  cell in the body needs it to keep functioning.   Under extreme conditions an adult can lose 1 to 1.5 liters of sweat  per hour and if that lost water is not replaced, the total volume of  body fluid can fall quickly and, most dangerously, blood volume may  drop.   We do not have the luxury of not preparing for hurricanes, floods.  earthquakes, mudslides, tornados or other natural disasters.   With these events it is not a question of if, but when.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the  underlying legislation.    Madam Chairwoman, allow me to thank my very  important sponsor of this amendment and, as well, our Republican  colleagues for their leadership. We are underwater in Houston. We are  concerned about Puerto Rico and support the underlying bill. If this  amendment passes, we will be able to help all of those who have been  impacted by disaster: 203,000 homes, 12,700 of which were destroyed.   Four billion dollars are important dollars, and to have that delay  really hinders those who are suffering now. You can imagine that we  will be going home to overflowing bayous and homes and people who are  in fear. Therefore, this amendment, particularly in the shortening of  the time, recognizes that disasters mean emergencies, and people in  emergencies are desperate and they need help.   So I am delighted to support this amendment and will join with the  gentlewoman as we move forward on improving how FEMA responds, as well,  to these disasters and how we can work further with the Army Corps of  Engineers.   This important amendment is going to be a lifesaver for so many by  shortening the time in which these regulations will be able to be  rendered, and I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and her leadership.   Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of the Fletcher-Jackson Lee  Amendment to, H.R. 2157, the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2019.   The Fletcher-Jackson Lee Amendment shortens the time requirement of  the publication of rules of the Department of Housing and Urban  Development Community Development Fund in Public Law 115-123.   Flooding is a serious problem in Houston, today areas of the city are  experiencing high water placing residents, businesses and city services  at risk.   I am in strong support of this amendment because of the desperate  situation of those who have lost their homes during disasters and the  unacceptable length of time victims have had to wait for housing  assistance.   Hurricane Harvey was the largest housing disaster in our nation's  history.   Hurricane Harvey damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were  destroyed.   The nine-county Houston metro area impacted by Hurricane Harvey  covers 9,444 square miles, an area larger than five states, including  New Hampshire, New Jersey and Connecticut.   Harris County covers 1,778 square miles, enough space to fit New York  City, Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago, Seattle, Austin and Dallas, with  room still to spare.   Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and  Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex.   The underlying bill is a comprehensive emergency disaster  supplemental bill to help meet the urgent needs of American communities  still struggling to recover from recent hurricanes, typhoons,  wildfires, floods and other natural disasters.   This robust disaster package includes $17.2 billion in long overdue  emergency spending for disaster-stricken communities across our nation  and territories.   It builds on the legislation that passed the House in January-- including an additional $3 billion to address the urgent needs of those  living in the Midwest (Nebraska, Missouri, South Dakota, Iowa and  Kansas) and South (Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia and the  Carolinas) who have been devastated by flooding and tornadoes in recent  months.   This bill also provides some additional disaster assistance to  communities continuing to recover from Hurricane Harvey.   House Democrats are standing up and taking action to help communities  across the United States and in Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana  Islands, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa recover and  heal  [[Page H3707]]  from devastating disasters--these communities should not be held  hostage because of President Trump's personal contempt for Puerto Rico.   Senate Republicans should come to their senses and join Democrats in  advancing this bill and speeding relief to millions of Americans.   Included in this legislation is critical funding for:   Infrastructure and community development to rebuild our  transportation systems and repair housing, businesses and public  infrastructure;   Farmers and rural communities to bolster the farmer safety net and  restore disaster-damaged lands;   Social services, mental health, education and dislocated worker  initiatives to invest in the well-being of children, workers and  families in disaster-struck areas-- including providing critical  nutrition and Medicaid assistance for Puerto Rico and U.S. territories;   DOD and Veterans Affairs to repair and rebuild hurricane-damaged  bases and facilities; and   Disaster resiliency to mitigating damage and costs from future  disasters which are becoming more frequent as a result of climate  change.   American families hit by natural disasters deserve to know that their  government will stand with them throughout the road to recovery.   Democrats are committed to delivering this assistance to our fellow  Americans as they work to rebuild their lives and their communities.   Another reason I strongly support this bill is that H.R. 2157, the  ``Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2019,'' provides much needed and  long overdue relief to Americans in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin  Islands still suffering from the ravages of Hurricanes Maria and Irma,  as well as relief to victims of Hurricane Michael which struck Alabama,  Florida, and Georgia in October 2018 and to the victims of the  Midwestern floods that have caused so much damage in Nebraska,  Missouri, South Dakota, Iowa, and Kansas.   Madam Chair, H.R. 2157, the ``Supplemental Appropriations Act of  2019,'' provides much needed and long overdue relief to Americans in  Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands still suffering from the  ravages of Hurricanes Maria and Irma, as well as relief to victims of  Hurricane Michael which struck Alabama, Florida, and Georgia in October  2018 and to the victims of the Midwestern floods.   I support this legislation and offered an amendment that would have  provided additional funding for electricity delivery and necessary  expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, Irma,  and Maria, and Super Typhoon Yutu including technical assistance  related to electric grids.   As the representative of the Eighteenth Congressional District of  Texas, which was ground zero for Hurricane Harvey, I regularly hear  from constituents expressing their concern with ineffective and  inadequate FEMA mechanisms put in place to help rectify the damage  caused by natural disasters.   That is why I also offered an amendment to H.R. 2157 that would  prohibits funds in the bill from being used to prevent the FEMA  Administrator from monitoring the response given to disaster victims in  order to ensure quality control or becoming aware of complaints  regarding the response given to disaster victims and having in place a  mechanism to address such complaints.   A third Jackson Lee amendment to H.R. 2157 would have provided a  minimum of $1 million for wastewater and drinking water treatment works  and facilities impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria.   Hurricane Sandy inflicted more than $70 billion in damages in 2012,  and Matthew cost the U.S. about $10.3 billion in 2016. With Harvey, an  estimated 13 million people were affected, nearly 135,000 homes damaged  or destroyed in the historic flooding, and up to a million cars were  wrecked.   Hurricane Harvey ranks as the second-most costly hurricane to hit the  U.S. mainland since 1900, causing more than $125 billion in damage.   Our residents need more money than for single-family home repairs,  whether it is disaster recovery or general housing dollars and I will  continue to stride on behalf of the neighborhoods and on behalf of  hard-working homeowners who deserve these funds, so they can continue  on with their lives and return to their homes.   Victims of natural disasters are entitled to know who to contact when  issues related to FEMA arise and to be assured that their questions are  answered, and complaints addressed.   Allocating funding for measures such as Electricity Delivery for  necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey,  Maria, Irma, and Super Typhoon Yutu, is vital to negate the effects of  these catastrophic events from significantly worsening.   Hospitals, first-responders, and a number of other vital institutions  that help our communities recover from the aftereffects of natural  disasters need access to electricity.   Moreover, with the severity of natural disasters and the ranging of  their locations we must be proactive in our preparation for recovery.   Alternatively, water is the most essential recourse known to man.   A human can go for more than three weeks without food--Mahatma Gandhi  survived 21 days of complete starvation--but water is a different  story.   At least 60 percent of the adult body is made of it and every living  cell in the body needs it to keep functioning.   Under extreme conditions an adult can lose 1 to 1.5 liters of sweat  per hour and if that lost water is not replaced, the total volume of  body fluid can fall quickly and, most dangerously, blood volume may  drop.   We do not have the luxury of not preparing for hurricanes, floods.  earthquakes, mudslides, tornados or other natural disasters.   With these events it is not a question of if, but when.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the  underlying legislation.   