 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I was sent to Congress by the Sixth District of  Pennsylvania  [[Page H2562]]  to fix the broken culture in Washington. H.R. 1 will help to reduce the  role of money in politics and address the culture of corruption in  Congress. I rise today to support my amendment, No. 57.   This bill also takes key steps to expand voting access to eligible  voters. Currently, my constituents in Pennsylvania have no access to  early voting and have severe absentee restrictions on voting by mail.  This bill will introduce early voting and vote by mail to all 50  States, which will greatly help working families who may have trouble  voting around their working schedules on election day.   I am introducing an amendment to further expand this early voting  provision to mandate at least 10 hours of early voting each day for the  final 15 days before election.   Expanding access to early voting, especially in Pennsylvania, is a  key component to bringing the government back to the people by helping  people with inflexible hours or people who work shift work to exercise  their right to vote. This ensures that their voice is heard and that  they are represented in our government.   This week, with H.R. 1, we are taking a big step to returning us to  government of, by, and for the people.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I very much appreciate the bipartisan  spirit and the olive branch that the gentleman has reached out to me.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr.  Sarbanes).    Mr. Chairman, again, I urge the adoption of my  amendment and also the adoption of H.R. 1 so that we can once again  restore the faith of the people and focus on the working Americans of  today.   Mr. Chairman, if you do a shift or even if you have a 9 to 5 job, it  is very, very hard to get to the polls, particularly in Pennsylvania.   Mr. Chairman, I look forward to support of my amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   