 Madam Speaker, I rise today because 800,000  Federal workers--7,400 of who live and work in Illinois--are furloughed  or working without pay because of this unnecessary Trump shutdown.   Today I want to talk about two of them. The first is a constituent  from the south suburbs of my district. Before joining the Federal  Government workforce, he proudly served our Nation during the Vietnam  war. He fought for his country. He risked his life for this country.   When he came back from the war, he continued to serve. In fact, he  served 46 years in the government working to help his fellow Americans  find opportunities and bridges to a better life. After 46 years and  because of the declining health of his wife, he decided that it was  time to retire. Given his career, I would say it is a well-deserved  retirement. So he filed his paperwork, but, sadly, it was 2 days before  the Trump shutdown started. His retirement application has yet to be  processed. He has yet to receive his final paycheck and cannot access  his TSP or 401(k) because he doesn't have his official retirement  documents.   Madam Speaker, this is insane. It is insane that this President--a  five-time draft dodger--would treat a Vietnam veteran with such  outright disdain. But, honestly, I am not sure he cares.   While this story is especially upsetting, it is not the only story.  Another of my constituents was featured yesterday on ``CBS This  Morning.'' His family has three kids; two of them are autistic. After  years of dedicated government service, his family was denied his  paycheck and likely won't receive his next scheduled paycheck either.  In order to make ends meet, they are dipping into their savings-- savings meant to provide for the long-term care of their children.   Is this really the way we want to treat Americans--let alone  Americans who have dedicated their careers to serving our great  country?   Madam Speaker, these are just two stories of many. Right now there  are dozens of Active Duty Coast Guard at Station Calumet Harbor risking  their lives to save others and to protect the homeland who aren't  getting paid. These are Active Duty servicemembers, and they were told  to hold yard sales or babysit to make ends meet without paychecks.   Are you serious?   President Trump wants Active Duty Coast Guardsmen to sell their  families' memories because he is throwing a temper tantrum and shut  down the government. It is just madness, plain and simple.   I have a message to President Trump about his border wall: You have  lost. This game is over, and you are hurting people like this Vietnam  war veteran. You have lost, and you are not going to get it. End this  Trump shutdown and then have a real serious conversation on border  security and comprehensive immigration reform.   In fact, I will promise right here and right now, Mr. President, if  you are serious about solving issues--and there are definitely issues  that need to be solved--I will be the first one at the table. Reopen  the government, Mr. President. I will be there to talk about real  bipartisan reforms that will enhance border security and prevent more  families from being cruelly torn apart by a broken immigration system.   Madam Speaker, while this is a Trump shutdown, he has dangerous  enablers in Congress. The biggest one is just a few steps away in the  Senate, the Senate majority leader.   I also have a message for the Senate majority leader, the gentleman  from Kentucky: Call a vote on any of the bipartisan funding bills that  this House--the people's House--has sent over to the Senate. Call a  vote and reopen the government. Call a vote for the 6,400 Kentuckians  working without pay or not working in your State. You were elected to  serve the people of Kentucky, not the whims of the man in the White  House. Mr. Majority Leader, it is time to do your job.    In closing, Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle who have joined our efforts to reopen government.  Each vote gets a few more. These are hardworking, commonsense men and  women who want to do their job. They want to serve their constituents  and make America a better place.  [[Page H1007]]    Together with House Democrats, they are standing up to President  Trump and his illogical wall. Together with House Democrats they are  saying: reopen the government. Together with House Democrats, they know  that we can't secure our border if border agents aren't being paid and  if Active Duty Coast Guardsmen are not being paid, and we can't secure  public safety if FBI agents aren't being paid.   Madam Speaker, my constituents and hundreds of thousands of other  families are suffering because of this Trump shutdown. I am proud to  have voted with every House Democrat to reopen the government to pay  our Active Duty servicemembers and restore government services. It is  time for the Senate and President Trump to show the same commitment to  our economy, our national security, and the hardworking men and women  who serve this Nation as Federal Government employees.   