 Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I  thank her for the constructive amendment and for her exceptional  leadership as a leading Member of an outstanding freshman class.   I also thank Congressman Pallone, chairman of the full committee, for  giving us the opportunity to bring to the floor historic legislation  that will make a tremendous difference in the lives of the American  people.   Today, with the Protecting Americans with Preexisting Conditions Act,  Democrats are honoring their promises to the American people.   Madam Chair, our Democratic majority ran on the promise to protect  American families' quality, affordable healthcare.   We have now voted three times to oppose the GOP healthcare lawsuit,  but every time, with every vote, House Republicans reveal their  inconsistency and complicity with the administration's assault on  people with preexisting conditions and every American's healthcare.   It was interesting to listen to the distinguished ranking member of  the committee express his views when the fact is that, 2 years ago,  House Republicans voted to gut protections for people with preexisting  conditions and take away millions of families' healthcare, and they  then threw a party to celebrate.   They went down to the White House and celebrated: We have taken away  the preexisting conditions benefit.   The American people resoundingly rejected the Republicans' attack on  their healthcare and their financial security, yet the GOP is plowing  full steam ahead with their monstrous campaign to sabotage the  Affordable Care Act and take away healthcare.   Just last week, the administration doubled down on its demands that  the courts throw out every protection and benefit provided by the  Affordable Care Act.   Again, over and over, we have had bills on the floor to invite the  Republicans to join us in rejecting that Republican attack.  Overwhelmingly, they have rejected that.   Today, again, we can celebrate that we are protecting Americans with  preexisting conditions and honoring that promise we made to the  American people, as I said.   The bill reverses a dangerous part of the Trump administration's  reckless sabotage campaign, blocking cynical guidance to States. Here  is what they do: dismantle protections for people with preexisting  conditions and push families into junk plans that discriminate against  people with preexisting conditions and do not cover essential benefits.   In fact, you are paying for nothing.   The Trump guidance puts lives on the line, not only sabotaging the  healthcare law but the health of millions of Americans who rely on it.   Nearly 30 national groups representing people with preexisting  conditions have spoken out, including the American Cancer Society,  Cancer Action Network, American Heart Association, American Diabetes  Association, American Lung Association, National Alliance on Mental  Illness, Susan G. Komen, and many more.   They write, ``This dangerous action could take us back to the days  when people with preexisting conditions were openly discriminated  against and blatantly denied access to lifesaving care.''   These organizations, I want Ranking Member Walden to hear because he  seemed to have been distracted, all these organizations for cancer,  diabetes, heart, lung, mental health, all of that, they write, ``This  dangerous action could take us back to the days when people with  preexisting conditions were openly discriminated against and blatantly  denied access to lifesaving care.''   We thank all the groups and families--including the sick little  children, the Little Lobbyists--for their courage to speak out and show  that this is a fight not just about legislation but about lives.  Nothing is more eloquent than the stories that they tell, and many have  told their stories here.   They had 10,000 events around the country to stop the Republicans'  sabotage on healthcare, much of it from people with preexisting  conditions, especially children born with preexisting conditions.   This bill that we have today is just the beginning. In the coming  weeks, House Democrats will bring forth more bold legislation to reduce  the price of prescription drugs, to empower States to build better  exchanges, and to block junk plans and reverse the GOP's enrollment  sabotage.   Senator McConnell said that he is the grim reaper. He wears that as a  badge of honor.   He is the grim reaper. He is going to kill any House legislation for  the people, saying that he will bury our bills in the Senate graveyard,  effectively. That is really not a very hopeful political agenda, the  grim reaper.   I have news for him. Legislation to protect the preexisting condition  benefit and many of the other pieces of this agenda are alive and well  among the American people, and they will make their voices heard.   The American people want action, and the special interest GOP Senate  needs to stop standing in their way, Leader McConnell.   I urge a strong vote for this legislation for the people.   I commend the gentlewoman for her very important amendment. She said  being a mom was a preexisting condition. As the mother of five, it is 6  years to the day when I talked to the insurance company about my bad  back.   They said: Why would we even insure you? You are a poor risk, having  had children.   I said: That is funny you say that. I thought it was a show of  strength on my part to have five children. Are you calling that  something that would be a barrier to my getting insurance?   I want to emphasize, as we approach Mother's Day, how important this  particular amendment is to help moms and their families.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on Congresswoman Porter's  important Mother's Day amendment.   