 Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise as leader of the Republicans on the committee of  jurisdiction over employer-sponsored healthcare, the House Committee on  Education and Labor.   We have a vital stake in this debate because that is how most  Americans get their healthcare, through their employer. Our focus  should be on improving those options. Instead, we are here so our  Democratic colleagues can grind an ax against the few remaining  healthcare options they don't get to control.   Among its many choice-eliminating, freedom-limiting provisions, this  legislation would eliminate short-term, limited-duration insurance  plans. These plans are an obvious potential solution for millions of  Americans, working or not, who may find themselves between jobs or  unable to afford rising premiums in the already expensive individual  market.   If any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim to be  champions for hardworking Americans or the unemployed, their support  for this provision is proof that those claims are empty.   It is worth noting for the Record that short-term, limited-duration  plans were legal under the Obama administration and that States still  have the authority to regulate these plans both under the Obama  administration and under the current rules. If States choose to limit  or prohibit the sale of these plans, they are free to do so.    By considering this bill, House Democrats are once again defaulting  to their standard uncreative, blind support for one-size-fits-all  Federal mandates instead of respecting the judgment of State lawmakers  and authorities, as well as individuals, to act in their States' and  their own best interests.   Republicans on the Education and Labor Committee have been and remain  fully dedicated to protecting Americans with preexisting conditions and  unleashing new customizable, affordable, workable healthcare options  that take into account the changing needs of all Americans at all  stages of life.   The bill before the House today will not lower drug prices, will not  protect anyone from surprise billings, will not lower premiums, will  not cut any out-of-pocket costs, and will not provide one cent of tax  relief.   Its failure to achieve any of those objectives makes it simply  unacceptable for us as Republicans.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Cline).    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe), the distinguished ranking  member of the Veterans Affairs' Committee.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to the  amount of time left.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Walberg), the distinguished Republican  leader on the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor and Pensions.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Fulcher).    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Chairman, Republicans predicted all the bad things that have  resulted from the so-called Affordable Care Act. It has not been  affordable and has actually increased the cost of health insurance and  care.   Unfortunately, our colleagues are so invested in supporting this  legislation that they blame Republicans for its failure.   The legislation has failed because it is hopelessly flawed and cannot  be fixed.   Mr. Chairman, the piece of legislation before us, as I said earlier,  is a choice-limited, freedom-limiting bill, and should not pass.   I would also like to make one more observation.   My colleagues have made repeated references to junk plans. Every time  they do that, they are insulting the person who has chosen that plan  for one reason or another due to individual circumstances or  preferences.   Just because a product isn't something I would buy, or you would buy,  does that make it junk? No.   Dismissing less expensive and more flexible health plans as junk  isn't taking up for anyone, it is actually putting them down.   That is not the way we should be in this country.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   