 Mr. President, today is the 26th day of the longest  government shutdown in American history.   Weeks ago, the Senate voted unanimously to keep the government open.  The House has now passed multiple bipartisan bills to end the shutdown,  but President Trump refuses to come to the negotiating table, and  Leader McConnell refuses to let the Senate vote on these bipartisan  bills. As a result, over 800,000 people across this country have been  sent home or are working without pay.   Senate Democrats are here to share the stories of people whose lives  are being upended. I want to thank Senator Murray for organizing these  speeches and Leader Schumer for leading our efforts to reopen the  government.   I am speaking today on behalf of 8,200 Federal workers in  Massachusetts who have been affected, including TSA workers at Logan  airport, servicemembers, air traffic controllers, healthcare providers,  and staff at our national parks.   Janelle, one of my constituents, works at Native American Lifelines  of Boston, an urban Indian health program. This program does crucial  work helping to meet the health, dental, and behavioral health needs  for Native people in the Boston metropolitan area. It is a contract  site with the Indian Health Service, an Agency whose funding has been  cut off by the shutdown.   Janelle loves her job, and she cares deeply about the people she  serves. She doesn't want them to go hungry. She doesn't want them to  miss their appointments. She doesn't want them to be unable to fill  their prescriptions, but she worries about what will happen if the  government doesn't open up soon. A prolonged shutdown would be a major  hardship for Janelle, but it could mean a health emergency, even life  or death, for her clients.   Don, another constituent, is helping Coast Guard families in  Massachusetts make ends meet. His organization, the Massachusetts  Military Support Foundation, has distributed over 5,200 pounds of food  since the start of the shutdown. He knows that if the shutdown  continues, he will have to start draining his organization's budget,  and that could mean he will not be able to help military families  afford food supplies come September.   Janelle's and Don's stories are just two examples of how President  Trump  [[Page S249]]  is holding Massachusetts families hostage while he demands a border  wall.   Let's be perfectly clear about what the President is doing. The  shutdown is not about border security. It is not about protecting  anyone. It doesn't make us any safer that President Trump has padlocked  the doors at the Department of Homeland Security or that he is asking  our Coast Guard, our FBI agents, our airport security, and even our  Border Patrol agents to work without pay.   No, this shutdown is a manufactured crisis that the President is  using to fan the flames of racism and bigotry--all so he can distract  the American people from demanding a government that works for them.   This isn't a new playbook. It is one the Republicans and the  President have been using for years. Over and over again, they try to  pit White working people against Black and Brown people, gay people  against straight people, young people against older people, people born  in the United States against people who came here in search of a better  life--pit them all against each other so they don't band together, so  they don't demand real change.   Here is the deal: The American people are onto this twisted strategy.  They know that this government works just great for the rich and the  powerful but not for everyone else.   Across this country, people are insisting on a government that is not  just open for business but a government that actually works for them--a  government that expands healthcare coverage instead of ripping it away  from grandparents and newborns, a government that tackles the  skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs instead of selling out to giant  drug companies that put profits ahead of patients, a government that  ends the stranglehold that money has on Washington instead of stacking  the government with public officials who are more interested in lining  their own pockets than serving the public. I could go on and on with  this list.   I came to the U.S. Senate 6 years ago to fight for working families  and to tackle these problems head-on, to end a rigged system that  created two sets of rules--one that applies to the rich and the  powerful and one for everybody else.   Republicans are trying to divide Americans in order to stop us from  getting to work ending this rigged system, but we are onto their game.  The President and Republicans must end this shutdown now so that  hundreds of thousands of Federal workers can get their paychecks and  get back to work. If they don't, hard-working people like Janelle, Don,  and thousands more across Massachusetts will continue paying the price.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   