 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this shutdown is not a negotiation  situation. This is a hostage situation.   For the past 3 weeks, Donald Trump has held 800,000 Federal workers,  tens of thousands of Federal contractors, and thousands of small  businesses hostage to extort money for his vanity wall under the  pretext of an emergency at our southern border. Today, hundreds of  thousands of hard-working civil servants felt the pain of missing a  paycheck because this amoral, hostage-taking President is continuing to  throw a temper tantrum.   Most of us live in the real world, where paychecks are needed to keep  a roof over our heads and food on our table. Growing up, my mother was  the sole breadwinner for three of us kids. It would have been  unthinkable, disastrous, for our family to miss even one paycheck from  her low-wage job.   When the President says that he can relate to the hundreds of  thousands of families going without a paycheck, who does he think he is  kidding? Most people don't have daddies, as he did, to bail them out  time and again by the millions.   Enough said about a President who does not feel your or anybody  else's pain--we can't look to him for leadership, moral or otherwise.   One person who can enable the Congress to end the shutdown is  Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. All he has to do is to bring up the  bills that the House sent us last week--the same bills that passed the  Senate and last Congress to keep government open.   No one needs to remind Senator McConnell that the Senate is part of a  separate and coequal branch of government. The Senate can and should  act without the President's consent--consent he is currently  withholding unless he gets his vanity wall.   Instead of standing up to Donald Trump, Senator McConnell is missing  in action, and through his silence and inaction, Senator McConnell has  endorsed another of Donald Trump's lies--that there is a crisis at the  border so severe that it justifies taking 800,000 people hostage as  leverage for a $5.6 billion downpayment--only a downpayment--for his  vanity wall.   Let me be clear. The only crisis is the one Donald Trump  manufactured, and the only wall that is real is the one that is closing  in on him.   The weekend before Donald Trump shut down the government, I joined  several of my colleagues on a visit to Texas, where I saw the real  crisis at the border--the humanitarian catastrophe created by Donald  Trump's disastrous immigration policy.   At detention facilities in Dilley and Karnes--facilities that a top  official from Immigration and Customs Enforcement Patrol, ICE,  callously and dismissively described as ``summer camps''--I saw  families locked away, some for months at a time, without proper access  to legal, medical, or mental healthcare. Many of these families have  access to legal services only out of the generosity, ingenuity, and  hard work of volunteers and overstretched nonprofits.   I also visited the massive detention camp for unaccompanied children  at Tornillo. Tornillo started as a temporary camp for several hundred  kids in June of 2018 after the Trump administration systematically  separated kids from their parents under its zero tolerance policy.   Tornillo has now ballooned to currently holding some 2,700  unaccompanied children, and I note that there are now an estimated  15,000 unaccompanied children in facilities throughout our country.  Since June, the administration has already spent more than $144 million  on the makeshift Tornillo detention camp, where food, water, and other  basic items have to be trucked in regularly.   I was disturbed to find that thousands of kids are being held in  these soft-sided tents in the middle of the desert, shut off from the  outside world and the local community. In fact, when concerned members  of the local community came by to drop off gifts and items to show  these kids that there were people who cared, the detention camp turned  the community people away. When I said ``Why would you do that?'' it  was explained to me that there were not enough items brought to give to  every child--a pretty sad reason, in my view.   Most troubling was that there was no good reason for the prolonged  detention of children at this facility. We were told that between 800  and 1,300 kids at Tornillo already have sponsors, such as parents or  relatives, lined up to  [[Page S153]]  take them into homes. But the children continue to be detained because  of the administration's policy of requiring all potential sponsors and  all adults in the potential sponsor households to submit fingerprints,  which would then be information shared with ICE, thus subjecting  everyone to potential deportation. The chilling effect of this policy  is obvious in the skyrocketing length of detention of these children as  fingerprints are obtained and processed.   Now the negative consequences of this policy have become apparent  even to this administration, which instituted the policy to begin with,  so the administration is now easing up on the fingerprinting of  everyone in the household, but the damage has already been done.   In 2016, the average length of stay for unaccompanied children in  these facilities was 35 days. Today, the average has been reported to  be at least 59 days and even up to 74 days. These are kids who need to  recover from the trauma of coming to this country, not to be  retraumatized with prolonged detention.   The detention of unaccompanied children and families for longer and  longer periods is the real humanitarian crisis facing our country at  the southern border, and this crisis will not be fixed by Trump's  vanity wall.   As if holding 800,000 workers and their families hostage is not  horrible enough, Donald Trump is now thinking of taking billions of  dollars away from disaster victims to find a way to pay for his wall.  This is callousness compounded.   Sometimes I find myself totally at a loss for words as the President  keeps coming up with all of these ways to basically get himself out of  a corner that he has gotten himself into.   I call on Senator McConnell to use the power he has to bring the  House-passed bills to the floor--the bills that we in the Senate passed  by voice vote last Congress to end this shutdown. Unnecessary pain  grows by the day--800,000 workers go without pay; food safety is being  compromised; our national parks go unopened or unprotected; air travel  can turn into a nightmare as more and more of the TSA agents stay home.  The list goes on as we wait for the President to come to his senses. We  should live so long. Meanwhile, our country is waiting for Senator  McConnell and our Republican colleagues to come to their senses.   So, Leader McConnell, everyone knows you have the power to act. Bring  these bills to the Senate floor. We can end this shutdown now.   The Senate--if Senator McConnell will bring the bills to the floor-- will pass these bills because we already did so. End the unnecessary  pain. We don't have the luxury of waiting around for the President to  truly feel anybody's pain because he is incapable of feeling anybody's  pain but his own.   We can end this shutdown now. We can take action on the floor of the  Senate. We can do the responsible thing in response to the pain that I  know we are hearing from all of our constituents all across the  country.   What are we waiting for? End this shutdown now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   