 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment requiring  reporting on human rights in Brazil in light of the Bolsonaro  administration's dangerous actions.   President Bolsonaro has said he wants to strip constitutional land  rights from Brazil's indigenous people. He has openly stated that  indigenous people should have been exterminated.   His threats go beyond words. Bolsonaro's administration has already  begun infringing upon the rights of indigenous people and other  vulnerable groups.   Despite this alarming behavior, President Trump named Brazil a major  non-NATO ally. Congress can and must use its authority to direct and  block funds and conduct oversight.   The Bolsonaro administration must understand that increased U.S.  cooperation is conditional upon respect for the rights of the people of  Brazil, including indigenous people, Afro-Brazilians, women, and LGBTQ  communities.   Congress is watching, and we must demand accountability.   Mr. Chairman, I also rise to support my amendment, which prohibits  the Department of Defense from contracting with companies that do not  have a sexual harassment policy.   Now more than ever, people are empowered to speak up and change the  culture in the workplace. Congress, the Department of Defense, and many  other workplaces have or are implementing policies to hold perpetrators  accountable. We must demand the same from those who do business with  our government.   In fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense spent $320 billion on  contractors. If these contractors are going to receive Federal dollars,  they should be subject to the same accountability.   My amendment will ensure that contractors have sexual harassment  policies in place prior to signing on the dotted line. All workers must  be protected in the workplace, especially when they are working to  protect our country.   I urge my colleagues to support workers and pass this amendment and  pass the en bloc package.    Madam Chair, this administration's reckless behavior  threatens to plunge the region into chaos and our own country into  another endless and costly war.   We have powerful, peaceful tools to bring other countries to the  negotiating table. Under the leadership of President Obama, we used  these tools successfully to neutralize Iran's nuclear program.   The President's irresponsible policies have squandered that progress  and, instead, set into motion tensions that are spiraling out of  control.   We have alienated our closest allies, and Iran is taking steps toward  developing a nuclear weapon. This senselessness demonstrates that this  administration cannot be trusted with the authority to use military  force in Iran.   Madam Chair, I support this amendment.   