 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues on the  floor and pay tribute to my colleague from Georgia, Senator Isakson,  and to congratulate him on his retirement after 20 years in Congress,  including the past 15 years in the U.S. Senate.   We worked together on key provisions of the SECURE Act to improve  retirement planning for millions of Americans.   I would be remiss if I did not mention all the work he has done on  behalf of our veterans. His work on the VA MISSION Act is important to  so many people who have served our country.   We also worked together on the Finance Committee for the last 6 years  on important issues like affordable housing. There has been no better  advocate for the affordable housing tax credit--helping to secure  billions of dollars in funding for affordable housing nationwide--than  Senator Isakson. It is true that my colleague Senator Hatch and I had a  bill that helped to increase the affordable housing tax credit, but I  guarantee you, there is nobody who understood it better, could explain  it better, and could bring more colleagues to join us in support of it  than Johnny Isakson.   I was amazed at a debate in the Finance Committee. Some of our  colleagues weren't quite sure of their support, but by the time Johnny  Isakson was done speaking, I think they had to backtrack their  opposition and wonder if they would ever take him on in a debate again.  I thank him for that because that is an issue that has complexity to  it, but at its heart and soul, it is really about providing affordable  housing to our fellow human beings, and Johnny knew that. I so  appreciated his joining us this year again as we fight to get more  affordable housing.    We also have worked together on very small things with our colleague  Senator Fischer to make sure that military servicemembers didn't get  charged cancellation fees for TV and internet services when they were  deployed and to work on diverse issues like mass timber innovation and  funding for community health centers.   One thing is clear, though, when you work on all of these issues with  Johnny Isakson, you realize that not only is there great integrity  behind the purpose of what he focuses on and great intelligence that he  brings to the debate, but there also is just a general kindness to his  personality.   You know, sometimes, I think today we have lost that kindness and  ability to work across the aisle. When you read stories about our past  predecessors, whether it was in the time of Scoop Jackson and Warren  Magnuson, I keep thinking: Did they get along because they had to stay  here? They couldn't travel all the way back to the Pacific Northwest.  So they bonded together. Many of them lived in rooming houses together  and did all sorts of activities and got to know each other. Our  colleagues lament many times: Where has this Senate gone?   Well, I think today we saw at lunch and have seen many times over the  hospitality of barbecue with Johnny Isakson that you don't have to be  with each other on weekends and you don't have to stay here to get to  know people. The ability to communicate just a little bit of niceness,  a little bit of civility, a little bit of ``I will work with you on  this important issue'' is what it takes to make the Senate work.   Johnny, I just want to congratulate you for 20 years of service in  the U.S. Senate, but, more importantly, for reminding us what the  Senate should be about and that just a few words and a few examples and  a common attitude can really bring us together, and we mount an effort  to surpass the biggest obstacles that we face because of our regions  and our ideologies. That is what we have to get back to.   So, as you go home to Georgia, I hope that you will take our great  gratitude for reminding us of all of that, and I know that you will  always have a smile, a quick wit about you, something nice to say, and  we will always remember you as the Senator who not only got things done  but who made us feel like the Senate again. Thank you.   