 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership and thank he and Mr. Smith, two gentlemen from New  Jersey, for being champions for human rights.   I also thank Mr. McCaul and Mr. Eliot Engel, the ranking member and  the chair of the committee.   And I thank Mr. Malinowski for being a champion for human rights even  before he came to Congress.   My colleagues, next week marks 71 years since the nations of the  world gathered in Paris to enshrine our global commitment to human  rights in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.   The opening words of that declaration read: ``Recognition of the  inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members  of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice, and peace in  the world.   ``Whereas, disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in  barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind.''   Today, the human dignity and human rights of the Uighur community are  under threat from Beijing's barbarous actions, which are an outrage to  the collective conscience of the world.   Across the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, the Uighur people and  other Muslim minorities face brutal repression: a pervasive state of  mass surveillance, including the arbitrary and nonconsensual collection  of children's DNA; the mass incarceration of 1 to 3 million innocent  people with beatings, solitary confinement, deprivation of food and  medical treatment, forced sterilizations, and other forms of torture;  incidents of mass shootings and extrajudicial killings; and the  intimidation and suppression of journalists courageously exposing the  truth.   Mihrigul Tursun, a former detainee, testified she faced treatment so  brutal that ``I thought I would rather die than go through this torture  and begged them to kill me.''   Another former detainee, Tursunay Ziyawudun, testified, ``We were all  helpless and unable to defend ourselves. We all went through all kinds  of mistreatment. The screaming, pleading, crying is still in my head.''   Today, with this bicameral and overwhelmingly bipartisan legislation,  the United States Congress is taking a critical step to counter  Beijing's horrific human rights abuses against Uighurs.   I thank Chairman Engel, Representative Brad Sherman, Representative  Suozzi, and Chairman McGovern for their leadership on this important  legislation.   We are sending a message to Beijing: America is watching, and we will  not stay silent.   This legislation helps uncover the truth, requiring reports by the  DNI, Director of National Intelligence; the State Department; and the  FBI about the depths of the crisis and about China's campaign against  journalists exposing the facts.   It creates accountability, ensuring transparency of Chinese and  foreign companies involved in the camps.   And it engages the full firepower of American law and leadership,  including by urging the application of Global Magnitsky and other  related sanctions and the full implementation of the Frank R. Wolf  International Religious Freedom Act, named for our distinguished former  colleague and human rights champion, Congressman Frank Wolf.   Sadly, Beijing's human rights abuses extend beyond the Uighurs, from  the decades-long abuse faced by the Tibetan people; to Hong Kong's  fight for democracy and rule of law; and to the jailing of journalists,  human rights lawyers, Christians, and democracy advocates on the  mainland.   In the Congress, Democrats and Republicans stand united with all  people fighting for human rights in the face of China's abuses. Last  month, we were proud to pass the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy  Act, which has now become law, and we are grateful that the President  has signed that legislation.   If America does not speak out for human rights in China because of  commercial issues, we lose all moral authority to speak out for human  rights anyplace in the world.   In honor of the millions fighting for their dignity, safety, and  rights in China and around the world, I urge a strong bipartisan vote  for the Uighur Intervention and Global Humanitarian Unified Response  Act.   I thank Mr. Smith, Mr. Sires, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Suozzi, Chairman Eliot  Engel, and Mr. McCaul for their leadership. And I acknowledge the  leadership of Senator Rubio in the United States Senate on this  important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' vote.   