 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5363, the  FUTURE Act.   This bill will provide critical support to our Nation's minority- serving institutions by permanently reauthorizing mandatory funding for  historically Black colleges and universities, Tribally controlled  colleges and universities, and other minority-serving institutions.  These schools serve an important role in expanding opportunities for  African American students and historically unrepresented student  populations.   Congress must do all we can to make sure these institutions have the  resources they need to support their students, and I thank  Representative Adams for her tireless leadership on this issue.   In addition to the critical support for the historically Black  colleges and universities and minority-serving institutions, this bill  will also allow for the secure--and I repeat, secure--direct transfer  of taxpayer data from the IRS to the Department of Education to enroll  and reenroll borrowers in income-driven repayment plans. This change  will make a real difference for borrowers.   We know that borrowers with small loan balances are more likely to  default than borrowers with six-figure debts. Those who owe less than  $10,000  [[Page H9966]]  are most likely to default, are less likely to have completed their  degrees, and are often burdened by low incomes or unemployment.   I have heard from many borrowers in northwest Oregon who describe  loan repayment as anxiety-inducing, daunting, and overwhelming; and I  have heard from several constituents who faced financial consequences  for missing the deadline to annually recertify their income for income- driven repayment plans.   This change will protect many borrowers from default by getting and  keeping them in manageable, income-driven repayment plans. This bill  will also remove burdensome paper requirements for borrowers who are  totally and permanently disabled.   This has been a longtime priority of mine through the bipartisan  SIMPLE Act, and I applaud my colleague, Representative DelBene, for her  leadership on the language included in the bill before us today.   Finally, I am pleased that this bill includes a much-needed increase  in Pell grant funding.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this critical  legislation when it comes to the floor, as we continue our work to make  college more affordable and equitable for everyone.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Hawaii for  yielding.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of the Coastal and Great Lakes  Communities Enhancement Act, which includes legislation to improve  ocean data collection and information sharing between Federal agencies  and coastal observation partners.   Our coastal communities rely on accurate ocean data and monitoring  for information about ocean acidification, harmful algal blooms and  hypoxia forecasting, tsunami preparedness, navigation, and port  security.   I worked with my fellow co-chair of the House Oceans Caucus,   Don  Young, to reintroduce the Integrated Coastal Ocean Observing System  Act, which is included in this bill and will allow the Integrated Ocean  Observing System to strengthen its work using satellites, buoys,  underwater gliders, and tide gauges to deliver accurate and continuous  data on our oceans and coasts.   Mapping the ocean floor is expected to be a top priority as the  United Nations' Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable Development  begins in 2021. We must strengthen investments in the Integrated Ocean  Observing System and ocean monitoring so we can meaningfully contribute  to these efforts.   I thank my colleague from Alaska (Mr. Young) for his leadership on  this issue, and I thank Chairman Grijalva for his support. I encourage  my colleagues to support this bill.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Hawaii for  yielding.   Madam Chair, I rise today in support of the en bloc amendment.   The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the planet. It supplies much  of the oxygen that we breathe, it regulates our climate, it is linked  to the water we drink, and it is home to more than half of all life on  Earth. But despite our intrinsic connection to our ocean, we know very  little about what is beneath its surface.   As co-chair of the House Oceans Caucus, I have worked with my fellow  co-chair for the caucus, Congressman   Don Young from Alaska, to  improve ocean data and monitoring efforts through the introduction of  our BLUE GLOBE Act. My amendment parallels those efforts and would  direct the NOAA administrator to enter into an agreement with the  National Academy of Sciences to assess the potential for, and  feasibility of, an Advanced Research Project Agency-Oceans, or ARPA-O.   Coastal communities, like those I represent in northwest Oregon, rely  on accurate ocean data and monitoring for information on ocean  acidification, forecasting of harmful algal blooms and hypoxia, tsunami  preparedness, navigation, and port security. And after the stark  findings in the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  Special Report on ``The Ocean and Cryosphere in a Changing Climate,''  we know that ocean data and monitoring are more important than ever in  adapting to the climate crisis.   My other amendment would add and expand a new grant program  established in the underlying bill to strengthen research opportunities  on coastal acidification and hypoxia. The basic chemistry of our oceans  is changing at an unprecedented rate, and additional research efforts  like those established in this bill will help communities respond.   I thank Chairman Grijalva and Mr. Crist for their support of these  amendments and for their leadership.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the en bloc amendment.   