 Mr. Speaker, yesterday, Russian dictator Vladimir Putin  must have been consumed with delight. President Trump chose to invite  to the White House Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, the right  arm of Vladimir Putin.   The American people should be on red alert, asking themselves what  the President has to discuss with a senior leader of an adversary, in a  meeting closed to the press and closed to the American people.   Mr. President, what do you have to hide?   Importantly, Mr. Lavrov is the individual that first concocted the  Ukraine false narrative on December 1, 2016, that hid Russia's  involvement in our elections, blaming it on Ukraine.   It seems that this meeting is a part of a pattern of President  Trump's disturbing behavior to cozy up to dictator Putin and his  oligarch cronies, many of whom have invested heavily in Trump  properties.   Astoundingly, President Trump welcomed Russia's intervention in our  2016 elections, and then he invited Russia back to the Group of Seven.   He shamelessly kowtowed to Putin at the Helsinki Summit.   And additionally, President Trump withheld critical military  assistance and a White House meeting from the President of Ukraine,  Volodymyr Zelensky, urging him to investigate false conspiracy theories  about President Trump's political opponents here at home.   Meanwhile, the President publicly and continuously derides our  closest allies, and questions the value of NATO, for heaven's sake, the  North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the bulwark of our security as free  people. And he embraces dictators from around the world.   Yet, again, need I remind the President that Russia seeks to destroy  liberty. Putin seeks to destroy critical democratic alliances, forged  at great sacrifice, such as NATO, that have brought unprecedented  peace, security, and prosperity to the free world, which includes us.   In 2019, Russia illegally invaded the independent nation of Ukraine,  leading to already over 14,000 deaths and the displacement of millions.  Ukraine is the scrimmage line for liberty in the Transatlantic  Alliance. Russia has been working hard to destroy that alliance, which  is freedom's bulwark.   Russia has sided with the barbarous Assad regime in Syria, and Russia  conducts constant cyberattacks and misinformation campaigns to meddle  in democratic processes, including here in our 2016 presidential  election; and she is intent to do it again next year.   Simply put, the enemy of liberty will stop at nothing to weaken the  United States and our allies.   When the American people elect their President, they expect a leader  to champion liberty on the world stage.   The world is watching, and so are our children. How should they  interpret the United States rolling out the White House red carpet for  corrupt Russian leaders, while freedom-seeking Ukrainian President  Zelensky is still waiting for his invitation to the White House?   Indeed, this Lavrov meeting is rather sinister. It comes at a very  sensitive time, domestically and internationally. On the eve of the  meeting with Mr. Lavrov, Mr. Trump continues to deride our own national  security institutions, such as the FBI, whose investigation clearly  proved Russia interfered with our 2016 election, and she is on task to  do it again.   Mr. Lavrov, himself, invented and directed the totally false  narrative that Ukraine interfered in our election, a conspiracy theory  spun up by the enemy of democracy himself. By siding with Russia, our  President's behavior encourages Russia's malign behavior, while hurting  our allies.   Interestingly, this secretive meeting in the Oval Office comes right  after the Normandy Format talks in France between Ukraine, Germany,  France, and Russia, when President Zelensky successfully withstood  Russian pressure. He did not cross any red lines that could suggest  capitulation of Ukraine in front of Russian aggression.   And during the Normandy meetings, thousands of freedom-loving  Ukrainians showed up on the streets of Kyiv to show their support for  President Zelensky and their readiness to defend their beloved  motherland.   So, our conclusion is what Russia couldn't achieve through the open  channel of diplomacy, it tries to do through the channels behind closed  doors here in our own backyard.   Congress must demand full access to the transcript of the meeting  between the President of our country and the Foreign Minister of Russia  Lavrov.   Free people deserve it.    Madam Speaker, I thank so very much Madam Chair for  yielding to me and for her distinguished leadership on behalf of the  American producers and farmworkers who are the subject of this  important bill. I have a sense of how long she has worked on this.   For too long, I have borne painful witness to the plight of our  continent's migrant farmworkers, as well as the problems our growers  are having. These hardworking migrant workers endure harsh working  conditions at jobs that the American people simply are not interested  in and won't do. These workers endure very harsh conditions to make  sure that food gets to our tables, from farm to table. We could not  feed this country without these workers.   Many of these workers leave their families and journey to the United  States in hopes of finding decent work at a respectable wage, yet far  too often are subjugated to exploitative serfdom. That is why I stand  heartened that the Farm Workforce Modernization Act has been brought  forth to this House floor.   This bill has strengths, as others have talked about: It regularizes  the workforce; it addresses very serious issues.    Madam Speaker, this bill regularizes the workforce,  addresses the very serious issues of heat illness prevention and decent  lodging, and also has other necessary provisions that demand our  support.   We must address the conditions of these workers. They cannot be  preyed upon. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to  improve conditions not addressed in this bill.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairwoman for her fantastic work,  speaking up for some of America's most forgotten workers.    Madam Speaker, I applaud Chairman Smith for including in  the Fiscal Year 2020 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA)  Conference Report language to include the Coast Guard in the Department  of Defense STARBASE Program. The NDAA is the culmination of many long  hours of hard work, compromise, and showcases the best of the  legislative process. The modified authorization of the STARBASE Program  included in this year's NDAA will help improve science, technology,  engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education for the youth of America.   Coast Guard support of the STARBASE Program, which the NDAA now  authorizes, will allow an already successful STEM education program to  be offered in more communities across our country. Teaching STEM  concepts to elementary and secondary students is more important than  ever to prepare students for our increasingly complex world that  requires innovation and critical thinking. Introduction of STEM at an  early age allows the best opportunity for our workforce of the future  to gain skills and expertise needed, to include the pre-requisites to  serve in our Coast Guard, Armed Forces, and broader federal government.   Additionally, to build on the NDAA provision that includes the Coast  Guard in the STARBASE Program, I introduced the Coast Guard Youth STEM  Programs Expansion Act (H.R. 3205). H.R. 3205 ties in the Department of  Education into the STARBASE Program, improves STEM curriculum, and  includes curriculum topics applicable to maritime environments.   As the FY 2020 NDAA is implemented, I look forward to ensuring the  Coast Guard and the Department of Defense continue to support STARBASE  and STEM education initiatives. I urge support of the NDAA and hope  that in the future, the House will advance the Coast Guard Youth STEM  Programs Expansion Act.   