 Mr. President, let me say to my colleague, the  ranking member of the Senate's Indian Affairs Committee--with whom, by  the way, I know I have 2 more years--that I am so going to miss working  with him. I appreciate his passion, particularly on days like today on  which he is highlighting issues that affect so many of our communities  across this country, particularly when it comes to our Tribal  communities and Native communities.   Thank you for always being at the forefront, my friend.   This past Sunday, many Americans joined thousands of survivors and  supporters in solidarity across the country to honor the National Day  of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls.  Organizers hosted rallies and benefit runs; communities honored loved  ones lost; and supporters posted on social media with the hashtag  #NotInvisible. For many, this was a day to raise awareness about the  alarming number of murdered and missing indigenous women, but for our  Tribal communities, a day of awareness only scratches the surface of  what is needed to address this epidemic.   Indian Country needs action. That starts right here in this Chamber,  and it can start today. Right now, the Senate is considering three  pieces of legislation--the reauthorization of the Violence Against  Women Act and my bipartisan bills, Savanna's Act and the Not Invisible  Act--which will help to combat this crisis. Passing these bills is  critical in protecting the lives of Native women and girls.   The numbers speak for themselves. More than 80 percent of Native  women will experience physical, sexual, or psychological violence in  their lifetimes, often in the form of domestic or intimate partner  violence. One in three Native American women has been raped or has  experienced an attempted rape, and murder is the third leading cause of  death for Native women and girls. In addition, Native American women  who experience sexual or domestic violence are far more likely to fall  victim to sex trafficking.   Even more distressing is the fact that we likely don't know the full  scope of the problem because of underreporting. In fact, nearly half of  the Tribal law enforcement agencies surveyed believe human trafficking  is occurring on Tribal land beyond what has been brought to their  attention. Because of a lack of coordination with Federal Agencies and  because of sparse resources and limited jurisdiction in which to  prosecute crimes, women across Indian Country are dying and  disappearing, and far too many of their cases go unreported, unsolved,  or untouched by law enforcement.   This is unbelievable. We must act. Yet there is no targeted Federal  plan or strategy to address this epidemic even as it becomes  increasingly clear that we are failing to uphold our trust  responsibility and, even more so, that we are failing Native women and  their families.   As former Nevada attorney general, I have heard directly from  survivors, family members, Tribal leaders, and law enforcement about  the need for immediate action and Federal support to address violence  in Native communities. Congress must take concrete action to help  support the Tribal governments, organizations, and law enforcement  members who are on the frontlines every day.   The House of Representatives has already taken an important first  step this year by reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. This  legislation will protect Native women from the effects of domestic  violence, which is an early indicator of nearly half of all murder  cases involving women nationwide. I know it will have a positive impact  because, as attorney general, I saw the impact it had on our Tribal  communities in the State of Nevada. The reauthorization of VAWA also  gives Tribal governments additional and much needed jurisdictional  power to directly address violent crime against Tribal members on  reservations.   My Democratic colleagues and I are committed to fighting for the full  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act and especially for  the important criminal jurisdictional expansions it gives Tribal law  enforcement to help get violent offenders off the streets.   We can't stop there. We need to shine a light on the staggering  number of missing and murdered indigenous women and girls and ensure  that we understand the full scope of the problem. That is why, with my  colleague Senator Lisa Murkowski, I have also introduced Savanna's Act  and the Not Invisible Act--both bipartisan bills. They are designed to  work to directly combat the crisis of missing, murdered, and trafficked  Native women, and they will give our law enforcement and communities  the support they need to protect our Native women and girls. These  bills help in stopping cases from falling through the cracks.   Specifically, Savanna's Act works to ensure that Indian Country has  access to accurate, up-to-date crime databases so State, local, and  Tribal law enforcement can implement guidelines for responding to  relevant criminal cases.   The Not Invisible Act ensures the Federal Government works across  Agencies to best use its resources when addressing violence against  Native women while recognizing the unique  [[Page S2674]]  challenges that are faced within Tribal communities. The bill also  creates an advisory committee to examine ways to reduce violent crime,  sexual assault, and trafficking in Tribal communities.   These bills, along with the reauthorization of the Violence Against  Women Act, are critical to keeping Native women and girls safe.   My home State of Nevada is home to many Tribal communities. These  communities are full of mothers, daughters, sisters, and friends whose  lives are vibrant and full of potential. I will not let these women  become statistics. It is time to take action, and I am committed to  doing all I can in the Senate to fight for justice for Native American  women and girls.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, to my colleague from New Mexico,  absolutely. Let me just say I was attorney general in 2013 when you  reauthorized VAWA and you included the Tribal provisions in there.  There are about 27 Tribal reservations and communities in the State of  Nevada, and I can guarantee you they were beneficiaries of what you did  to prevent and address violence in Tribal communities through VAWA.   I know that because I actually chaired the Domestic Violence  Prevention Council in the State of Nevada. On my council--which, as the  attorney general, came through my office--there were Tribal members. I  also know that the VAWA funding that comes into the State of Nevada  came through my office as the attorney general. So we made sure that  all of our communities that were impacted by domestic violence in  particular--any type of violence--had the benefit of this money that  was coming in.   I can guarantee you, working with my Tribal communities as attorney  general, it was a benefit. That is why I am fighting now for that  reauthorization and that funding to continue for our Tribal  communities. There is no doubt in my mind that I saw the benefits in  Nevada, and we can see that now across the country. I am really kind of  baffled why it is not in this provision here. This really should be a  bipartisan issue that we all focus on.   So that is my fight. I have seen the benefits, and I know the impact  it has on our Tribal communities.   Let me just say this: We need to address any type of violence in our  Tribal communities. And I thank you for highlighting this because it is  not just the domestic violence; it is the issue of missing and murdered  Native women and girls. My concern there is, we do not have enough data  that tells us what is going on. The data we do report at the Federal  level is underreported. I know the last data that we had was in 2016.  That showed about 5,700 missing Native girls and women. That is  underreported. But what we don't know is why they have gone missing.   I have worked very hard to address sex trafficking prevention in the  State of Nevada. This is happening across the country. There is no  doubt in my mind that some of these Native women and girls are victims  of sex trafficking, but we do not know it because of the challenges in  capturing that data and then doing something about it at the Federal  level. That is what I am fighting for. That is what my colleague from  New Mexico is fighting for.   I so appreciate the opportunity to talk about this on the floor  today.   