 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am pleased to be here today to  speak in strong support of David Bernhardt's nomination to be Secretary  of the Interior, and I thank all of my colleagues on the Energy and  Natural Resources Committee. We worked pretty hard together to report  Mr. Bernhardt's nomination last week. We moved it out with good  bipartisan support. I also thank the majority leader for filing cloture  this week so that we can confirm him before we depart for this 2-week  work period.   I have several reasons--I have a whole host of different reasons to  outline as to why I support Mr. Bernhardt's nomination. I outlined them  [[Page S2414]]  before the committee, but I would like to take a couple of minutes here  this afternoon to reiterate them on the Senate floor.   First, really, is his background. He understands and is in touch with  our public lands. Mr. Bernhardt is from the West where, of course, the  vast majority of our public lands are located. He grew up in Rifle,  which is a small town in Western Colorado. He spent a lot of his  summers in Wyoming. He, to this day, remains an avid sportsman and  outdoorsman. He likes hunting and fishing. He is a guy who appreciates  the outdoors.   He is really almost unparalleled in terms of the experience that he  brings to the job. He has worked at the Department of the Interior now  for about 10 years, including two Senate-confirmed posts. Back in 2006,  we confirmed him as Solicitor by voice vote, and then in 2017, we  confirmed him to be the Deputy Secretary. Again, that vote was a good  bipartisan vote. He has now served as Acting Secretary since January of  2019, so we have a situation where, simply put, he has more experience  at the Department than any other previous nominee for Secretary, except  one. That is a pretty good credential there.   Of equal importance, Mr. Bernhardt has the right perspective to be  the Secretary of the Interior. He understands how Federal land  management decisions affect our local communities. He has seen how  Federal policies impact people's access to and use of public land, and  he also recognizes the need to balance conservation and opportunities  for economic development.   I think David Bernhardt has really proved his ability to lead the  Department. He is well qualified. He is highly competent. He has built  strong working relationships with those who are affected by the  Department's decisions. I really think there is no question that he is  ready for the job. He can handle everything it entails.   I have been asked by several of the reporters who are out there: What  do you think David Bernhardt really brings to the table? What I have  shared with them is that as I have gotten to know David Bernhardt in  his various capacities at Interior, he is a guy who understands and  enjoys the policy of these issues. He likes to get down into the fine  details. He knows the background. He is not just being given something  by staff to read. He is the one who is really engaged in understanding  at a level of detail that is greatly appreciated.   When I think about the importance of this position of Secretary of  the Interior, I come at it from the perspective of an Alaskan coming  from a State that has more Federal acres than any other State. The  Department of the Interior controls most of those. We often refer to  the Department, and the Secretary specifically, as our landlord. That  is not necessarily a title we like. We like to consider ourselves a  partner, but I think we truly recognize we need leadership to  understand and appreciate the impact their decisions within the  Department of the Interior can have on us. I know David Bernhardt  understands that. He has been a good partner for Alaskans, but he has  also been a good partner for individuals, groups, and States all across  the country, and that is why his nomination is supported by a wide  range of stakeholder groups from the Alaska Federation of Natives to  Ducks Unlimited, the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation, and the Association  of Fish and Wildlife Agencies.   I think it is also important to note that Mr. Bernhardt moved through  our committee process in pretty good order. He answered all of our  questions. Again, he demonstrated the depth of his understanding of the  issues and his expertise. He really exceeded expectations, which led to  a very strong bipartisan vote of 14 to 6 at the business meeting last  week.   Now the full Senate has the opportunity to confirm Mr. Bernhardt.  Some will continue to make allegations over ethics, but the fact is, as  we have reviewed those charges, we have found nothing that should hold  him back. I know this has been a subject of discussion on the Senate  floor, so I want to lay it out very clearly. There are some news  stories that are being printed and have been printed that are filled  with old information that has already been reviewed by our committee  staff. New stories, old facts--they don't contain anything new or  anything disqualifying. There is nothing amiss here, and there is no  valid reason to delay this process.   The Office of Government Ethics has certified that Mr. Bernhardt is  in good standing; so has Interior's Designated Agency Ethics Official.  My committee staff has contacted Interior's Inspector General. It has  been confirmed that there are no open investigations into Mr.  Bernhardt. I would tell folks that what needs to happen here is that we  need to move forward. We need to reject the last-minute rhetoric that  is designed to delay. We need to confirm a well-qualified candidate to  be our next Secretary of the Interior.   We have a lot to do. Interior has a lot to do to make sure that we  are protecting our lands, increasing our energy security, as well as  fulfilling all of the missions of the Department, and the sooner we are  able to confirm a Secretary to focus on them, the better.   Mr. Bernhardt is very well qualified to be the Secretary of the  Interior. He has the right background, the right experience, and the  right perspective for the job. He is ready to lead on a permanent  basis, and I am glad that very shortly here we are going to be  considering his nomination. I strongly encourage every Member in this  Chamber to support his confirmation.   Madam President, I come to the floor to speak to the robust support  that David Bernhardt has received for his nomination to be Secretary of  the Interior.   Last week, those of us on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  reported Mr. Bernhardt on a strong, bipartisan vote of 14 to 6. He has  actually added support from the last time that he was considered in  committee, in 2017, and I hope we will see that again when we vote on  his nomination later today.   Mr. Bernhardt's support is not limited to the Senate. For example,  the Congressional Western Caucus is solidly behind Mr. Bernhardt, with  many of its members on record in support of his nomination.   Bear in mind, these are members from Western States, where the vast  majority of our public lands are located, whose districts are most  impacted by the Department of the Interior. It is a very good sign that  Mr. Bernhardt has drawn their strong support.   We have also kept a list of individuals and groups who have submitted  letters of support for Mr. Bernhardt. It spans the spectrum of  stakeholders, from the Public Lands Council and the Colorado Farm  Bureau to the American Exploration and Mining Association and the Corps  Network.   Multiple recreation groups have written in urging the Senate to  confirm Mr. Bernhardt. The motorized recreation groups, like the  American Council of Snowmobile Associations and the Off-Road Business  Association, wrote that, ``At a time when many of the senior posts at  the agency lack Senate confirmed executives, a person of Mr.  Bernhardt's experience is sorely need . . . having [him] at the helm of  the Interior Department will strengthen the agency's resolve to make  the lands it manages accessible to the recreating public.''   Officials at all levels of government are voicing their support for  Mr. Bernhardt's nomination. The Governor of Wyoming, Mark Gordon,  offered this statement: [Mr. Bernhardt's] recognition of expertise in  the States is refreshing . . . I wish [him] a speedy and easy  confirmation process.''   The Mesa County Commissioners in Colorado wrote that ``Mr.  Bernhardt's extensive knowledge of public lands and energy issues makes  him an avid leader with skill to see issues from multiple perspectives  to maintain and improve partnerships among federal, state, and local  governments.''   The Harney County Court in Oregon has highlighted Mr. Bernhardt's  commitment to balancing the multiple use of public land, writing that,  ``[He] has proved himself in the past by exhibiting understanding  between the balance that is needed from an ecological standpoint, but  also, what is needed from the economic and social aspect of public land  use. He will work towards a balanced approach by trying to assess and  distinguish between the multiple issues that we are facing with the  [bureaus].''  [[Page S2415]]    Tribal groups and entities are also supportive of his nomination. In  my home State, the Alaska Federation of Natives noted that, ``Mr.  Bernhardt has demonstrated a thorough understanding of the legal  frameworks of the major laws covering Alaska Native subsistence  customary and traditional rights and protections . . . he listens well,  is articulate in his responses, and draws reasonable conclusions.''   The Chairman of the Southern Ute Indian Tribal Council wrote in that,  ``the [Tribe] has worked with [Mr. Bernhardt] previously and firmly  believes that his knowledge and experience make him a very good fit for  the Department . . . we also believe he is committed to building strong  working relationships that rely on good faith and respect among all  interests at the table.''   We have truly heard from a very wide range of organizations in  support of this nomination. The Archery Trade Association wrote to us  that ``[Mr. Bernhardt] has demonstrated tremendous commitment to  conserving and protecting our nation's natural, historic and cultural  resources . . . [his] experience with the Department of the Interior  coupled [with his] exemplary history of collaboration, non-partisan  views, highly respected demeanor and deeply held passion for  conservation and historic preservation make him uniquely qualified for  this position.''   One of the reasons that such a diverse group of stakeholders support  Mr. Bernhardt's nomination is that they have worked with him during his  nearly ten years at Interior, including most recently as Deputy  Secretary and then Acting Secretary. He has proven that he can work  with groups, he has formed strong relationships with them, and they  respect and support him.   For example, the Gila River Indian Community wrote that, ``based on  our experience in negotiating and working on complex issues with Mr.  Bernhardt we support his position as Secretary of the Department of the  Interior. We believe he has an understanding of Tribal sovereignty and  the United States' trust responsibility to Tribal nations.''   The Corps Network wrote that ``Mr. Bernhardt has been accessible and  responsive to our inquiries, visited several Corps in the field, and  joined the Corps Network's Day of Service last summer.''   These groups are reiterating what we already know--that Mr.  Bernhardt's experience at Interior and in the West; his willingness to  listen, build relationships, be responsive; and his ability to earn  people's trust make him more than qualified to lead the Department of  the Interior.   I want to wrap up by reading an excerpt from a letter that we  received from the Beaver County Commission in Utah: ``In our  interactions with Mr. Bernhardt we have found him to act with  integrity, be open minded to all points of view, and have a contagious  passion for the health of our Nation's lands and people. These  qualities, combined with many others, make Mr. Bernhardt an ideal  candidate to serve the county by leading the Department of the  Interior.''   I couldn't say it any better. Mr. Bernhardt knows the Department and  the laws that govern it inside and out. He appreciates and respects the  Department's mission. He is the right person for the job--the best  person to lead Interior--and I look forward to his confirmation.   