 Mr. Speaker, I thank you so very much, Chairman Yarmuth,  for yielding time to speak and rise to support this 2-year budget caps  and debt ceiling agreement that is before us and urge all of our  colleagues to do the same.   This agreement is not perfect. Frankly, it is a difficult vote, given  the hard work that our Appropriations Committee has undertaken to  diligently write, debate, mark up and pass 10 of our 12 fiscal year  2020 annual spending bills through this Chamber. The other two were  written and reported out of committee.   We will have to make hard choices as we work with the Senate to  allocate these funds among the 12 subcommittee bills, but as an  appropriator, I intimately understand Congress' top responsibility is  to keep the ship of state running, ensuring an open, funded, and fully  functional government of the United States.   I also know from experience that the full faith and credit of our  government can never be questioned. Every one of our constituents  deserves this recognition from their elected Member, and this agreement  moves Congress past the devastating threats imposed under the Budget  Control Act of 2011. Thank goodness.   It avoids deep, automatic cuts that would devastate government's  ability to help the American people and meet our obligations to them,  including the most vulnerable.   This agreement rejects the devastating cuts the President's fiscal  year 2020 budget proposed and maintains significant funding levels for  domestic priorities and defense priorities alike.   Most importantly, this agreement moves us a step closer to finalizing  appropriate allocation of all our Federal dollars responsibly.   Mr. Speaker, I commend our leadership efforts on both sides of the  aisle to reach a final consensus and bring this bipartisan agreement to  the floor. This agreement reflects give-and-take from all sides of  Congress and the White House, and it is deserving of a strong  bipartisan showing of support from this body.   Let's govern.   