 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise to offer this amendment to H.R. 1585, the Violence Against  Women Reauthorization Act of 2019.   My amendment allows for cross-agency coordination to collaborate on  the prevention of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault,  and stalking, and for the agencies to share best practices for victims.   This will allow for greater efficiency and transparency, and most  importantly, it will allow for the sharing of best practices and  information that could help survivors of domestic violence.   With every reauthorization of VAWA since 1994, we have enhanced its  protections, preserved its accomplishments, and removed its  shortcomings, including adding protections for the elderly and the  disabled, expanding sexual assault and stalking provisions, and  fighting housing discrimination.   These reauthorizations of VAWA have allowed us to come together to  work collaboratively to combat domestic violence. Similarly, my  amendment asks the agencies to work cohesively together and coordinate  to accomplish a common goal: to protect survivors and their families,  and to end violence against women.   As we know, domestic violence plagues all communities across this  country and all the districts that we represent. In my home State of  Pennsylvania, the problem is no different. In the last 10 years, more  than 1,600 people have died as a result of domestic violence, including  people of all demographics. Domestic violence has affected the lives of  thousands of Pennsylvanians. Sadly, just in 2017, two of my  constituents in Montgomery County lost their lives to domestic  violence.   That is why it is so imperative that we reauthorize the Violence  Against Women Act, because we know, since its inception, the rate of  violence has decreased by a remarkable 63 percent.   We have the opportunity to come together once again and pass this  bipartisan VAWA reauthorization with new and better provisions,  including expanding protections for young victims, survivors without  shelters, and LGBTQ people; preventing intimate partner homicides by  prohibiting those convicted of dating violence from possessing  firearms; and protecting the Office on Violence Against Women to ensure  survivors of domestic violence have access to the much-needed resources  they deserve.   I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of the Violence Against  Women Act, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand  up against domestic violence, support this amendment, and vote to  reauthorize this vital piece of legislation.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania (Ms. Wild).    Madam Chair, I thank the author of this important bill,  Representative Bass, and I thank the tireless advocates who have worked  to bring us to this important day.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to  please support this bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.   