 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  him also for his extraordinary leadership in matters that relate to the  education of the American people, employment preparedness, fairness in  our workforce, and, of course, today.   Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for giving us this opportunity on  this day of the House of Representatives. This is a day that God has  made. Let us rejoice and be glad. And let us make the most of it in a  very joyous way. It is a day of celebration.   Madam Chair, the gentleman,  Bobby Scott, has been a supporter of  this initiative for a long time, and I thank him for making today  possible.   And it happens on a day when we are honored to have, in the Speaker's  chair, Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, a champion to end  discrimination in every way in our country, including discrimination in  the paycheck.  [[Page H2850]]    Madam Chair, today I rise in support of the Paycheck Fairness Act. It  reaffirms our Nation's sacred promise that equal pay deserves equal  work.   I do so in saluting Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro, Madam Chair, the  guardian angel of this legislation and the godmother of so many  initiatives in this House to support progress for America's working  families.   The ability to balance work, to balance work and home is a challenge  that many families face, men and women alike, but Rosa DeLauro has been  a constant champion for America's working families.   While we are talking today about equality in the paycheck, she has  also been a champion for paid sick leave and affordable childcare. The  list goes on and on. Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman--guardian  angel, godmother--for making today possible.   I am very excited about this. It is historic. It should happen at a  time when we have over 100 women serving in the House of  Representatives, and it should happen in the same Congress that we will  also observe the 100th anniversary of the passing of the amendment to  have women have the right to vote.   It is all very historic. It is all about progress, and that progress  on this bill began in this Congress 2 months ago. House Democrats stood  with Lilly Ledbetter on the 10th anniversary of President Obama signing  the Lilly Ledbetter Act, exactly 10 years ago, signing that Fair Pay  bill into law.   It was a magnificent achievement, it, too, being led by George  Miller, the chair of the committee Mr. Scott now chairs. Rosa DeLauro,  of course, played a hand in that.   The gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro) then introduced the  equal pay bill, and then we passed it in the House. It didn't pass the  Senate--60 votes needed in the Senate--but she has persisted, and we  are fortunate for that.   We are grateful to her and to Lilly Ledbetter and the groups, so many  outside groups that have worked so hard to mobilize and make this  difference--some of them include the American Association of University  Women, the National Women's Law Center, National Partnership for Women  and Families, National Organization for Women, National Committee for  Pay Equity, MomsRising, UltraViolet, Center for Law and Social Policy,  the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, NAACP, League of  Women Voters, U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce, the list goes on and  on, the Anti-Defamation League, the American Psychological Association,  and many more--because that outside mobilization will be important in  passing this legislation and turning it into law, into an improvement  in the lives of America's working families.   Now we are proud to pass this bill before Equal Pay Day, which is on  April 2, next week--April Pay Day, which symbolizes when a woman's  wages catch up to a man's earnings from the previous year. In other  words, the first 3 months of the year, most women are working for free  compared to what a man will make in the overall year.    So April 2 is that day. By then, we will have already been  celebrating for a few days.   We pass this legislation during Women's History Month as we serve  with a woman Speaker of the House and with more than 100 women in the  same Congress, as I said before, marking 100 years since women won the  right to vote.   So this is about respect. It is about respect, my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle, respect for women and the work that they do. And if  they do equal work, why wouldn't they get equal pay?   Would you, my colleague, like to get less than your colleagues on the  Republican side of the aisle?   Would you, any of my colleagues on this side of the aisle, like to  work for less than our male counterparts?   Well, why should women and the rest of the workforce then be  subjected to that discrimination?   Paycheck fairness is about respect. It is about justice for women,  finally closing the wage gap that robs women of more than $400,000 over  the course of their working lives. And for women of color, it is even a  bigger difference.   And this not only has an impact on their pay, it has an impact on  their pensions and on their retirement. So this is very, very  important.   This legislation advances progress for families because it is about  equal pay for women. It is about how that equality of paycheck affects  their families, ensuring that women can earn the wages they have earned  so they can pay for their family's everyday needs, such as rent,  groceries, childcare, healthcare--the list goes on.   Two-thirds of moms are either the primary breadwinners or co- breadwinners in their households in our country. This legislation  strengthens America, unleashing the full power of women in our economy  and upholding the value of fairness.   Do you believe in fairness in our democracy?   When President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law in 1963, he  celebrated equal pay as a ``structure basic to democracy''--equal pay,  a structure basic to democracy--enlarging the issue to our great  democracy.   We are proud to take this step to fully and finally secure the  paycheck fairness that is fundamental to our democracy because it will  implement the Equal Pay Act, make it enforceable.   Yet, securing paycheck fairness is only the first step that House  Democrats will take. We will continue to unlock the full economic power  of women in our workplace with paid sick leave, led by Congresswoman  DeLauro, affordable childcare, led by Congresswoman DeLauro, as well as  a fair wage because we know that, in our economy and in our country,  when women succeed, America succeeds.   I, therefore, urge a bipartisan vote for this legislation for women  to succeed and to have equality in our society as they have equality in  their paychecks.   