 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 61, I  call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 31) making further continuing  appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year  2019, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all  Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.J. Res. 31, currently under  consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, today, we are considering a continuing resolution to  reopen the Department of Homeland Security after a funding lapse that  is now 33 days and counting.   This bill simply extends 2018 funding until February 28, with no new  funding anomalies.   The only new provisions in the CR authorize the Department to provide  backpay to reimburse personnel and State or other Federal grantees,  consistent with prior precedent following a lapse in appropriations.   Mr. Speaker, there are only two approaches to take: either we reopen  the Department and the rest of the Federal Government without  conditions, or we continue to use Federal workers and everyone who  depends on them as bargaining chips in funding negotiations. It seems  to me the choice is straightforward.   I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will reconsider the  necessity of opening up the government and paying Federal employees  without any preconditions.   There have been a number of funding lapses over the last few decades,  all ill-considered, all harmful to our country, our economy, and our  Federal workforce.   History has shown that the American people do not approve of using  the Federal Government and workforce as pawns in a legislative chess  game. The side that has tried to use the shutdown as leverage in a  negotiation has routinely failed, and polling shows that this recent  iteration of the shutdown is no exception.   I know my friends on the other side of the aisle have criticized the  consideration of clean CRs on the basis that the Senate will not pass  them and the President will not sign them.   Mr. Speaker, to my friends on the other side of the aisle, I would  say that, in order to change that, reopen the Department of Homeland  Security by having every member of the minority party support this CR.   This possibly could help change the thinking of the Senate majority  when it votes on reopening the entire government later today and  perhaps even change the thinking of the President.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   I would just like to point out to the minority that there are  billions of dollars in border security in this continuing resolution,  and I agree that we  [[Page H1178]]  need to open up the government. And while the President refuses to do  so, our homeland is, every day, getting more vulnerable to our lack of  security. I hope that the President recognizes that and that he opens  up the government so that then we can have a real discussion on border  security.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs.  Lowey), the chairwoman of the full Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds.   Mr. Speaker, for whatever reason, there seems to be reluctance on the  part of the minority to accept the facts. And the reality is, while  there has been an increase in drugs crossing at the border, the vast  majority of drug interdictions have occurred at the ports of entry, not  between the ports of entry.   In fiscal year 2018, only 3 percent of all heroin was interdicted  between the ports, and 5.8 percent of the meth was interdicted between  the ports.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30  seconds.   The remainder of the interdictions were at the ports of entry along  with a small amount at CBP checkpoints north of the ports of entry.   So this idea that somehow we need to have this wall between the ports  of entry because of the fact that drugs are coming through that area at  large numbers and contributing to the drug problems that we have here,  is absolutely false.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Cuellar).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).   (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend  her remarks.)    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an  additional 2 minutes.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, let me just first say that it is very disappointing to  hear from the minority that the first priority is not to stop the  suffering of our Federal workers by opening up the government.   It is also unfortunate that the President has created such ill will  around border security, and border barriers in particular. He has truly  poisoned the well on this issue and made it much more difficult for  Congress to find common ground. As a result, our Federal workers are  suffering, and our homeland is becoming less safe.   Mr. Speaker, it is time to end the shutdown. This morning, we can  begin the process by voting to reopen the Department of Homeland  Security, and then we can continue to fulfill our responsibility by  finishing our work on the full-year 2019 funding bill for the  Department so that those who protect our homeland can be paid as they  continue their critical mission of protecting our homeland.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Let's be clear about what this motion would do:   It would continue the shutdown of the Department of Homeland  Security, which means that workers would not be in the office tomorrow  to be able to process the checks;   It would continue the shutdown of the Transportation Security  Administration;   It would continue to make the brave men and women of the Coast Guard  and Secret Service work without any certainty about their next  paycheck.   A vote for this motion is a vote to continue the Trump shutdown and a  vote against our Nation's security.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the strongest possible terms to  oppose the motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time.   