 Mr. President, I come to the floor to join my  colleague, the Senator from Oregon, who has been a long proponent of a  very strong internet economy and privacy rights. I very much appreciate  his leadership on so many of these technology issues. He and I  represent a very strong technology economy in the Pacific Northwest,  and we want to fight to keep that innovation.   He and I actually held a summit in our adjoining communities just  about the app economy. This was several years ago--probably 7 or 8  years ago  [[Page S3304]]  now. He and I worked together to formulate, with our colleges,  Washington State University and Oregon, literally just the app economy.   I think about the applications we saw 7 years ago. Some of them were  for hiking trails, some of them were for solutions for our law  enforcement to have better information, and some of them were just pure  business applications. I think about how much we have grown that app  economy in the last 7 to 10 years and how much it will be impacted by  an internet that is not an open internet and universal in giving people  access to service. I say this because those new startups know more than  anybody else that if they are not the big behemoth in the market and  they are a new interest competing against an existing business or if  they have a new idea and they don't have the clout to have fast  internet speeds, they are not going to reach consumers; they are not  going to reach their clients; and they are not going to have a business  model that is successful.   So I thank Senator Wyden for his leadership for decades on these  important issues. I thank my colleague Senator Markey for organizing us  this morning to say one thing loud and clear: After 1 year, we already  know what is happening on the internet. One thing the Senate can do is  protect consumers from big cable companies from overcharging them. That  is why we are out here to say that we should have a vote to protect  consumers, to protect companies that produce 20 percent of our economy  over 377,000 jobs in my State. I guarantee you I will be here this  morning to articulate why an internet service needs to be protected. We  know we have to fight back against companies that want to gouge  consumers or suppress competition.   It has been 1 year since the FCC decided to turn back protections for  the internet. We are here today because we know we have already seen  the inklings of what is more to come--companies that are doing things  such as slowing down speeds or charging consumers more. We know more  than 20 million people stood up and told the FCC they want strong  internet protections, and they do not want to see large-scale companies  overcharging or gouging them.   I don't even know how we can talk about getting broadband service if  there are not going to be strong rules on the internet that protect  consumers from being overcharged. The truth is, we know today that the  internet is a great economy for us. It is helping us to research. It is  helping us in lifesaving healthcare. We had one of the FCC  administrators out in the Northwest looking at healthcare applications,  and they are phenomenal for helping everything from PTSD to looking at  ways to deliver just-in-time healthcare for those who are in remote  parts of our State.   We know the internet is a great equalizer. It is helping people from  different backgrounds participate in the economy, and it is helping  with economic empowerment, but innovative businesses in every small  town and every city need to have an internet that is going to give them  access to create jobs and move their local economies forward. Today, in  the United States, three cable companies--just three cable companies-- have control of internet access for 70 percent of Americans, and 80  percent of rural Americans still only have one choice for high-speed  broadband for their homes and businesses. We are not likely to get  competition where the consumer can just say: You are artificially  slowing me down and charging me too much; I am just going to the  competition. That is not likely to happen. That is why we need a strong  FCC approach to protecting an open internet and saying they shouldn't  block, throttle, and manipulate internet access. Without these  protections, Big Cable can move faster in charging more. So I ask my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to say it is time to hold  these companies accountable and put consumers ahead of these big cable  profits.   I can guarantee that the American people know better. Literally, it  doesn't matter what political affiliation you have, the majority of  Americans all oppose repealing protections that make for an open  internet. They know it is time for us to protect consumers and that  this is only going to get more complex as our economy depends more and  more on an open internet.   As my colleague from Oregon has said, the Trump FCC has given a green  light to companies, basically, to keep doing whatever they want and to  continue to take more out of consumers' pockets.   Today, on the Senate floor, we have an opportunity. My colleague from  Massachusetts, who has been as much a great leader on these issues and  has been working to protect an open internet for decades, has an  opportunity to say where we stand in protecting the American consumer.  Just last year, a bipartisan majority in the U.S. Senate--49 Democrats  and 3 Republicans--joined together to overturn the FCC's repealing of  internet protections. We were here together to say we want the internet  protected.   Now the House of Representatives has done its job. It has basically  protected the internet and taken an initiative. It is time for Leader  McConnell to put the big cable companies on notice and to allow debate  on the Senate floor and hold them accountable so we can say we want an  open internet, and this type of practice should be fought against.   I hope our colleagues will be given the opportunity for this debate,  to look at why it is so important to protect consumers, the innovation  economy, and a free and open internet.   Tomorrow there is an FCC hearing before the Senate Commerce  Committee, and I hope we will be able to ask these important questions  about why cable companies are continuing to gouge consumers in many  areas.   I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor.   