 Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendments to H.R.  2500 which are included in this En Bloc package.   My first amendment is fairly simple and direct. It would remind those  in charge of the DoD's National Capital Consortium Psychiatry Residency  Program--or PRP--of their responsibility to maintain an environment  that is free of harassment and discrimination.   This critical program helps train professionals who are on the  frontlines of addressing critical mental health needs. The Chairman and  Ranking Member are both aware of the tremendous need for such  providers, both in and outside, of the military. It's those concerns  that are behind the inclusion of Section 717 in this bill which calls  for the Defense Department to provide a strategy to recruit and retain  mental health providers.   It is important that this workforce be culturally competent and  diverse which is why ensuring that this program's leadership actively  work to ensure that residents are trained in an atmosphere where  discrimination or harassment of any sort is not tolerated. Period.   What I do know is that tolerating a work environment that is toxic or  being turned toxic because of racial or sexually derogatory statements  or actions makes it harder to recruit and retain these in-demand  providers and also hurt efforts to ensure a diverse mental health  workforce.   Unfortunately, in 2016, a report by the program's ombudsman noted an  ``undercurrent'' of discrimination in the PRP program and a recent  report to my office, while noting improvements, still reported that  offensive statements continue to be made.   Just one report of harmful statements or actions is one too many.  That's the standard that we should have and that should be enforced.   This amendment simply makes clear that racial and gender-based  discrimination or harassment have no place in the PRP (or elsewhere in  the military for that matter) and reaffirms the need for leaders to  proactively work to provide an environment where such conduct is not  tolerated.   The military and the taxpayer will invest much to recruit and train  these individuals. Therefore, it is important that those who  participate in this demanding residency program should be able to do so  in a safe and harassment free environment.   Additionally, I am pleased about the inclusion in En Bloc 11 of  another amendment I offered requesting certain information from the Air  Force.   Fuel is a lifeline for many of the missions that we ask our men and  women in uniform to carry out. Therefore, it is critical that the Air  Force and Defense Logistics Agency consider the best options for  ensuring that Air Force facilities, including Air Guard and Air Reserve  facilities, have a reliable and secure fuel supply.   One effective but under-utilized option are projects that help Air  Guard and Air Reserve facilities tap nearby national fuel pipelines  that could provide uninterrupted access to millions of gallons for jet  fuel. These projects can be an effective and efficient way to help  these units carry out their missions, help them to easily meet  Department and Defense Logistics Agency requirements for a reliable  secondary fuel supply, and help them meet current and emerging air  refueling requirements, among other benefits, while also reducing the  threat to fuel supplies.   Any delay or disruption to fuel supplies directly translates into a  degradation of mission readiness.   And in many cases, these projects make mission and economic sense,  like in my district, where we are going to build a new fuel facility  less than 1 mile away from an existing fuel pipeline that would provide  millions of gallons of fuel storage and reduce the need for the 400  plus trucks that currently supply the base.   According to one estimate, such a pipeline would provide access to  more fuel and cost less than what it will cost to pay to truck in  significantly less fuel over the next three years.   The amendment I have offered would request the Air Force provide  information on how it prioritizes and considers requests to undertake  such projects at Air Guard and Air Reserve facilities, especially for  units where such projects would help improve mission readiness, among  other benefits.   This would include information about the Air Guard and Air Reserve  facilities where such projects could be of benefit, with an emphasis on  facilities located near fuel pipelines that they currently do not  access, and information about the criteria used to consider these  projects and barriers such as funding that may impede such projects.   This amendment builds on an amendment I successfully offered to the  FY 2020 Defense Appropriations bill when it came before the House last  month to encourage the Air Force to pursue such projects.   I thank the Chairman and Ranking Member for their support.   