 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment  to H.R. 9.   Inaction on climate change will lead to the demise of the human  species. Science is not a partisan issue, and the science in this case  is crystal clear: Climate change is happening, and we, as humans, are  causing it.   The amendment that I am offering today would require the President to  include in the administration's strategy how the United States will be  able to use all the diplomatic tools available to help our partners  around the world meet their own goals.   It is simple. Their success is our success; their failure is our  failure. We all share the same planet, the same environment, and the  same atmosphere. We cannot fight this alone. We have to be in this  fight with every tool available to us, and that includes our diplomacy.   My amendment recognizes the leadership role that our country can and  should play in addressing global climate change. This administration  has taken a back seat to facing one of our most pressing national  security threats, and this amendment puts us back in the global arena,  leading this vital charge.   Some naysayers and doubters have expressed concern that developing  countries are and will take advantage of the Paris Agreement, placing  the burden of addressing climate change on the U.S. This is misleading.  The agreement requires all parties to develop their own plans to reduce  carbon emissions. Rather than retreat from that effort, we should lead  it.   I serve on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Just today, Ranking Member  McCaul said that we have always been leaders on the global stage, and  when we are not involved, we leave a power vacuum. This applies  militarily and diplomatically with respect to humanitarian aid and in  the case of climate action as well.   The best way for us to secure the safety and health of our planet is  for us to be an aggressive leader in the fight against climate change.  Pulling out of the Paris Agreement would send a resounding message to  the international community that the United States is not in this fight  to save this planet, and that is unacceptable.   Let us be clear: The fight to stop climate change is not just a fight  to save our environment. It is a fight for our economy. It is a fight  for the health of everyone and for social justice. It is a fight for  national security. And, yes, it is a fight for our children, for our  future generations, and for humanity.   I introduced this amendment because the threat is too grave for us,  as a country, to be doing the bare minimum as laid out in the Paris  Agreement. We must also work aggressively with each country to combat  climate change at every turn. Inaction is a death sentence for us all.   We have the opportunity before us to stand up for our fellow  Americans and brothers and sisters around the world. I am sure my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle and in both Chambers of Congress  would agree: This country we call home and this planet we call home are  worth fighting for.   I served our country in the Air Force. I believe in this country, and  I believe it is worth fighting for.   Yes, climate change poses one of, if not the, gravest existential  threats to our country, but its threats are not insurmountable.   Just 2 days ago, Pennsylvania became the 24th State to join the U.S.  Climate Alliance, committing to work toward cutting greenhouse gas  emissions in line with the Paris Agreement. We in Pennsylvania are  still in.  [[Page H3384]]    I am proud of our Commonwealth for joining this fight for our  country. We in Pennsylvania know America is worth it.   Mr. Chairman, to vote for my amendment is to commit to our necessary  leadership on climate change. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Pallone, Chairman Engel,  and Ranking Member McCaul for all of their leadership and guidance on  this very, very important issue.   I also thank the members of my community who have brought me here to  serve in this way. This issue couldn't be more fundamental to our  existence in my community, our Commonwealth, our country, and our  planet.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   