 Madam Speaker, it is a pleasure to be able to speak  on the floor, and I thank you for your leadership.   I thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Cummings), chair of the  Oversight and Reform Committee, for his leadership. I thank my  colleague from Texas as well.    I would say only that we can't say it enough. Thank you, Chairman  Cummings, for saying that they are payless today; they are no check  today; they are no money today; they are no more money today; they are  broke today. 800,000 hardworking Federal employees, but they are  families, small businesses, all of those who work every day to  contribute.   As I go home today, I will be meeting with, today and tomorrow,  Federal employees. I want them to know that my office is open to be  able to help them, 35,000-plus employees in Texas, Federal employees-- 9,000 in the Treasury, 5,700 in Homeland Security, now some 51,000  screeners--who are not getting their dollars.   I have to pause for this one. The Coast Guard is not being paid. The  very people that the President went to the border to celebrate that  they are trying to stop the multitudes of criminals, most of them under  10 years old, the Coast Guard on the waters of this Nation, the Coast  Guard that rescued 1,000-plus in Katrina and that rescued desperate  Houstonians in Harvey, are not being paid. They are military that is  not being paid because they are under Homeland Security.   This bill is crucial to ensure that those hardworking Americans get  paid; that they can use their personal leave; that no matter what  happens, they will get reimbursed; and that we will make sure that we  will not wait on their pay period, but they will get it immediately.   Right now, it is crucial for us to pass this bill to ensure the  integrity of all of us.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 24, the  ``Government Employees Fair Treatment Act,'' which provides for  retroactive pay for nearly 800,000 federal workers who have been  furloughed as a result of the government shutdown proudly caused by the  President of the United States.   I support this bill because it is the right thing to do.   The men and women who have been furloughed because of this  manufactured crisis are not responsible for the `Trump Shutdown'.   They did not vote to reject the clean continuing resolution passed by  the Republican Senate but rejected by the President that would have  resolved the crisis and made this legislation unnecessary.   The dedicated men and women of the federal civilian workforce, like  those who serve in the Armed Forces, have not spent their professional  lives trying to sabotage the Affordable Care Act or conjuring an  imaginary crisis on the southern border or pursuing policy initiatives  that harm America's allies and benefit its adversaries, especially  Russia.   Instead, these loyal and committed public servants are motivated by  their paramount interest in serving the American public without fear or  favor and, for the last 20 days, without any guarantee that they would  be compensated for their labor.   And yet, they gladly and willingly serve, some risking their lives to  keep us safe.   Others stand watch monitoring weather systems and providing  information necessary to protect the public from hurricanes and  tornadoes and wildfires or conducting research to find cures for  disease or that will yield technological innovations or help us mark  and measure the far reaches of space.   Others work to secure the borders and homeland, ensure the safety of  our food and water, serve our seniors and children, provide training  and support for those looking for work, and protecting our environment  and keeping watch over our treasures--our national parks and monuments,  including this magnificent Capitol where the people have sent us to  their business.   Madam Speaker, the men and women of the federal workforce do the  people's business.   They serve everyone equally.   They do not single out some persons to serve and ignore others.   We should follow their example and the best way to do that is for the  Senate to pass and the President sign into law the clean continuing  resolution passed by the House on January 3, 2019; legislation that is  identical to bill the Senate passed 98-0 in the last Congress.   That is the best way to keep faith with all persons who serve the  American people as employees of the federal government, and those who  depend upon the services they provide.   Madam Speaker, holding harmless the federal employees who have been  furloughed by this unnecessary government shutdown is a matter of  simple justice.   I urge all Members to join me in voting for S. 24.    