 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, there are nearly 30 million small  businesses in the United States representing more than 99 percent of  all businesses. They spur the American economy by taking great risks to  launch new ventures, develop new products, and, ultimately spur job  growth, and the SBA is a vital part of their support system.   The SBA administers a portfolio of entrepreneurial development  programs which includes growth accelerators. They help high-growth  startups develop their products, identify promising customer segments,  and secure resources like vital capital and employees. My amendment  aims to restore funding to prior levels, so they have the resources  they need to help aspiring entrepreneurs.   Growth accelerators have long been a powerful tool for helping  innovators grow. Each year since they were formed in 2005 they have  gained in popularity. In fact, their numbers nearly doubled each year  between 2008 and 2014 with growth remaining steady since then.   They serve as an all-inclusive creative hub that provides technical  assistance for growing businesses and a central location for investors  to find vetted businesses. The success of these companies is real. The  average valuation of firms graduating from an accelerator is $90  million.   But beyond promoting business expansion, growth accelerators also  bring economic development and job opportunities to the communities in  which they are located. The SBA Office of Advocacy found that startups  working with their local accelerator hire an average of 8.5 more  employees.   Small businesses are the backbone of the American economy, and we  should provide our entrepreneurs with the resources they need to  succeed, and that is what this amendment does. I am seeking to bring  growth accelerators up to a reasonable funding level by providing a $1  million increase. Doing so brings the funding in line with previously  enacted levels and gives them the ability to continue helping our  Nation's innovative startups and spurring job creation.   Clearly, Mr. Chairman, accelerators are a vital part of our Nation's  entrepreneurial ecosystem. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support  this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   