 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would ensure that the United States  Export Finance Agency's efforts to diversify its workforce include  outreach to Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander-serving  institutions, AANAPISIs.   AANAPISIs, like other minority-serving institutions, can provide  pathways for underserved communities to earn a degree and secure a job  in the economy.   The underlying bill includes outreach to historically Black colleges  and universities, Hispanic-serving institutions, and Tribal colleges  and universities. Whenever there are discussions of minority  communities, it is essential that we remember to include Asian  Americans and Pacific Islanders.   For those who are the first in their family to attend college,  minority-serving institutions can open doors and fulfill their dreams.  If we are to have a workforce that reflects our diversity, we must  ensure that our government is reaching into all underserved  communities.   The AAPI community is the fastest-growing minority group in the U.S.  By 2060, the AAPI population is projected to reach 40 million.   By engaging with minority-serving institutions like these AANAPISIs,  we can help people achieve their goals, find fulfilling careers, and  ensure our Nation remains globally competitive.   Again, with my amendment, I am requesting that the U.S. Export  Finance Agency is inclusive and engages AANAPISIs in its workforce  outreach efforts.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would direct the U.S. Export  Finance Agency to develop and place minorities and women in paid  internships.   While the agency has done important work to expand market  opportunities for American businesses around the globe, diversity in  the workforce is equally as important.   In today's economy, internships often act as the gateway to a  professional career for a recent graduate. These experiences allow  people to make connections and gain valuable experiences that prepare  them for a full-time job.   Unpaid internships can be a barrier to entering a desired career  field. While some young people can take an unpaid internship, many  people lack the resources to do that. This barrier has a  disproportionate impact on minorities, low-income individuals, and  women.   When we do not have adequate diversity in internships and low-level  positions, the pool of diverse individuals who can grow to serve in  leadership positions in our businesses is severely stunted.   That is why I introduced this amendment, to highlight the importance  of paid internships. All entities should focus their efforts on  compensating interns for the valuable work they contribute to their  workplaces.   Mr. Chair, I urge support for the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his words, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment would ensure that community  colleges are included in the U.S. Export Finance Agency's efforts to  diversify its workforce. We must ensure community colleges are not left  out of the broader target of colleges and universities in the agency's  recruitment efforts.   Approximately 6 million students are enrolled in public 2-year  colleges. These institutions offer nontraditional students, like those  experiencing financial obstacles, working parents, or students who are  embarking on new career paths, the opportunity to earn a degree.   I am proud to have a community college, Queensborough Community  College, in my district in Queens, New York. I know that community  colleges provide an affordable career pathway for many students of  underserved communities.   That is why I offer this amendment to ensure that the U.S. Export  Finance Agency engages with community colleges across the country in  its workforce outreach efforts.   I urge support for the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his words, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, my amendment adds two advisory positions to the  U.S. Export Finance Agency's Advisory Committee, one who represents 4- year colleges and one who represents community colleges.   The Advisory Committee, which currently is comprised of 17 members,  provides recommendations on agency financing programs to strengthen  American exports. The committee has representatives of environment,  production, commerce, finance, agriculture, labor, services, State  government, and textile industries, and the small business and labor  communities. Adding two members from the education community would  enhance the committee's ability to inform and advise the Export Finance  Agency's work.   Those who work in our education system and with students who study  international trade and finance or go on to run businesses are uniquely  positioned to provide suggestions on improving these agency programs.  Adding these instructions would ensure U.S. economic competitiveness.   I urge support for the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his words, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   