 Madam President, I come to the floor to talk about S.  47, a bill I authored with Senator Murkowski. It is a package of public  land issues that has been working its way through the Congress now for  several years.   I would like to point out to people who may not be as familiar with  the Interior side of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee's work,  that the Interior side has a long history in our Nation. We decided a  long time ago that we needed to have oversight and management of our  public lands. S. 47, the legislation that is before us today, is a  recognition that our climate is changing and that we need new tools to  carry out new responsibilities as it relates to managing those public  lands.   I thank my colleague from Alaska, Senator Murkowski, for her  incredible leadership. I know we are going, hopefully, to go to final  passage of this bill sometime today, and I thank her for her good  bipartisan work on this legislation. It is safe to say that even though  we both come from the Pacific Northwest, we don't see eye to eye on  every issue, but we have worked hard to try to give local communities  the resources they need and to maintain the national interest where the  national interest was at stake. So I can't applaud my colleague enough  for her hard work and for her dedication to getting this particular  package moving through the Senate.   I also want to thank a lot of the staff who have worked on this issue  because I know that it is about the hard work of legislating. There are  many issues about which maybe not everybody understands all of the  details to, but, I guarantee you, all the details were critically  important. So I want to in particular thank Mary Louise Wagner, the  minority staff director for the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  [[Page S1181]]  until recently. I certainly also want to thank the dynamic duo of David  Brooks and Sam Fowler who, as counsel to the committee, have played an  incredible role over the last many years in preserving what is most  important about our public lands. I also want to thank, additionally,  Bryan Petit, Rebecca Bonner, Amit Ronen, and several of the staff who  have worked on many of the aspects of this package; Camille Touton,  Melanie Stansbury, and David Reeploeg and Megan Thompson who played key  roles in the Yakima provisions. And Angela Becker-Dippmann who  previously worked on this legislation.   I also thank Senator Murkowski's staff, Brian Hughes, Kellie  Donnelly, and particularly, Lucy Murfitt. I don't think we ever could  have gotten this package through without her due diligence and hard  work. I thank Lane Dickson and Michelle Lane.   I also thank my colleagues in the House of Representatives. I  certainly want to thank the staff director for Congressman Grijalva,  David Watkins, but I also thank Chairman Grijalva for his hard work and  Congressman Bishop. It is safe to say that all four of us, working  together--Senator Murkowski, myself, Congressman Bishop, and  Congressman Grijalva--definitely didn't always see eye to eye on these  issues, but we worked hard to resolve these issues. I also thank my  colleagues, Congressman Dave Reichert and Congressman Dan Newhouse, for  their work on provisions related to Washington State.   Before I get started in talking about the major provisions of this  legislation and why they are so important, I also have to call out  several of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who have played  key roles.   Certainly, the historic Utah wilderness provision would not be this  lands package without my former colleague, Senator Orrin Hatch. He  played such an incredible role over a long period of time in shaping  the provisions as they affect Utah, and I thank him for that and for  working with our colleague on this side of the aisle, Senator Durbin,  on that important aspect of the package.   We would not be where we are today on the fire provisions without my  colleague Senator Gardner. Both Washington and Colorado have taken it  on the chin time and again with devastating forest fires, and we know  why it is so important to give firefighters and the land managers the  best possible tools available to locate the fires and keep track of  frontline firefighters.   We need a more hasty response to putting out fires, and having GPS  and tracking systems are going to help us do that. So I thank my  colleague from Colorado for helping with this legislation.   It is safe to say that without the strong determination of Senator  Burr, we probably wouldn't be here right now on the permanent  reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   Making the Land and Water Conservation Fund permanent represents the  ethos that we have in the Senate here today that public lands are  important to our Nation. They are important for recreating, for  hunting, for fishing, for moving forward on access to these lands that  are important for our veterans, for our school children, and for those  who just may want to go out and access the outdoors and reconnect.   We have had a big discussion here about whether we should return  public lands to oil and gas drilling, and this bill basically says no,  we are going to make a bigger investment in our public lands.   We are going to make this program permanent, and we are going to make  sure it is a key tool to continue to solve our problems of access to  public land, particularly in parts of the country where access to those  public lands is being eroded by development. That is exactly what the  Land and Water Conservation Fund helps us do--to protect those areas so  that either we can continue to have, for example, elk hunting, for  which we did a big project in southwest Washington, or whether it is  helping to improve access to Mount Rainier, a huge economic asset to  the State of Washington, or whether it is as simple as giving a  community like Auburn or Gas Works Park in Seattle access to a program  that can help us keep open space in some of our most developing areas.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund has been a preeminent program  for access to public lands, but it had been threatened when Congress  allowed it to expire 3 years ago, then only having a temporary  reauthorization, and then failing again to reauthorize it last  September.   What we are doing here now is saying that this is a bipartisan issue,  that more than 60 Senators here in the Senate didn't just see that we  needed to further adjust this program but we needed to save this  program. I emphasize this because I know my colleagues here in the  Senate are going to go on to a larger discussion, which is to secure  the funding that is set aside for the Land and Water Conservation Fund  and how it is spent, and we are going to get into a conversation about  how we take care of our maintenance and the backlog at our national  parks. I definitely believe that the mandatory spending for LWCF should  be in a future budget, and I certainly believe we should do more to  take care of our backlog and maintenance at our national parks. So I  look forward to working with both sides of the aisle to push that  through the U.S. Senate.    This legislation is amazing because there are some--particularly in  this administration--who want to use public lands to oil and gas  drilling, but there is a bipartisan group here in the U.S. Senate who  has said: No, we want to put more focus on saving our public lands.  This legislation preserves over 1.3 million acres of new wilderness,  and 367 miles of wild and scenic rivers. It allows conveyances of land  but also protects lands from potential mining and development  projects--like removing the threat of mining and development in the  Methow Valley in the State of Washington. It also continues to make  investments in heritage areas that are important to many parts of the  United States of America.   I want to talk about how this bill invests in water. The water issues  are like fire; they are not going to go away. The only question is  going to be this: What kinds of tools do we give communities across the  West--and I should say probably throughout the United States--to deal  with the changing climate and the impacts of less and less water?   What this legislation says for ideas like the Yakima Basin Project is  that we are not going to divide people and choose farming over fish. We  are not going to divide people and choose one aspect of the environment  over the other. It says that we are going to look to smart, holistic,  and cost-effective ways to preserve more water and enact smart  conservation across our State and country.   This is so important because the water issues are not going to go  away, but this legislation represents important new tools to fight  those challenges and to move forward in a way that I think will prove  to be an example of what we should be doing in other parts of the  United States.   I look forward to working with my colleagues in trying to fund more  water infrastructure improvements and conservation. I think this is  just as important as any other infrastructure investment we are talking  about in the U.S. Senate today. I know we see congestion in our  streets. I know we need to do more on aviation infrastructure. But I  guarantee you that we need to do more on water, and I look forward to  working with my colleagues on these challenges in the future.   One aspect that I don't know if my colleagues on the floor have as  much interest in as Senator Murkowski and I do, but there is a  provision on volcano monitoring that is very important to us.   Having experienced the eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington  State and having active volcanoes in both Washington and Alaska, it is  so important for us to have the right science and monitoring of these  volcanoes. I was glad to work with my colleague Senator Murkowski on  that provision to give the latest and best tools to our scientists so  that they can give us the best information for the future.   All in all, this legislation is a major investment in our public  lands. It is the kind of hard work that happens behind the scenes that  not everybody pays attention to. I guarantee you that when you use the  word ``land,'' there are a lot of people to pay attention to.  [[Page S1182]]  There are local communities. There are landowners. There are  environmental interests. There are all sorts of very, very thorny  issues that have to be worked out. I thank all of my colleagues for  their due diligence on this.   Some people have said: Why is it that a lands package comes together  only at the end of a Congress or, in this case, held over from last  Congress into this session? I hope our colleagues will give more  attention to these important public policies.   Public lands and access to those lands is an economic juggernaut.  Behind finance and healthcare, the outdoor economy is the third most  important sector. So for something that important, let's pay more  attention. Let's give the tools to local communities and to these  resources to manage this, to give more access to the American people,  and to do the things that will help us grow jobs and help us recreate  for the future and preserve against a very challenging and threatening  climate.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.   