 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, the Save the Internet Act of 2019 empowers  the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC, to enforce net  neutrality, protect consumers, and assist them with complaints against  their internet service providers.  [[Page H3184]]    The FCC can fine internet service providers when they break the  rules. However, simply issuing fines to a bad actor isn't enough to  change the behavior of those bad actors. Those fines need to be  collected. Corporations that break the law must pay.   My amendment would require the FCC to report to Congress within 1  year on the number of enforcement actions it has taken against internet  service providers that violate net neutrality. Importantly, that report  must include both the fines imposed and the amounts collected.   The FCC must act as a cop on the beat when internet service providers  misbehave, protecting consumers and keeping the internet free and open  to all.   When the FCC finds a bad actor, that fine should be paid by the  company. If the FCC is not following through on protecting consumers,  Congress should know so it can take oversight action, if necessary.   The FCC failing to collect fines is a real concern. Recently, The  Wall Street Journal has highlighted the extent of the problem.   While the FCC has imposed record fines on robocallers--$208 million-- it has collected less than $7,000 since 2015. That is 0.003 percent of  the fines imposed.   When everyday Americans get a parking ticket or a traffic violation,  the government makes sure that they pay their fines. Corporations must  be held accountable as well.   As we vote to restore a free and open internet, we should also vote  to provide oversight of the agency tasked to protect consumers.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I just want to clarify that this amendment  doesn't define the power that the FCC would have to regulate, but would  merely make sure that, when it does take action, the companies are held  accountable for the fines that are imposed.   I appreciate that my colleague from the other side of the aisle does  not oppose the amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Michael F. Doyle).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   