 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this essential emergency supplemental  appropriations bill.   H.R. 268 totals $12.14 billion in emergency disaster appropriations  funding to provide relief and recovery assistance for Americans  affected by recent hurricanes, typhoons, wildfires, and other natural  disasters, especially in my home State of Florida.   The MILCON-VA portion of the bill provides $860.4 million for  Department of Defense military construction needs and the Department of  Veterans Affairs.   Specifically, the bill includes $115 million for the Marine Corps to  begin planning for construction projects related to the devastation  left behind by Hurricanes Florence and Michael on Marine Corps  facilities in North Carolina at New River, Cherry Point, and Lejeune.   The Marine Corps is planning facility consolidation efforts as a  result of the severe damage, and this funding represents the first step  in a vital rebuilding process for the Marine Corps.   Mr. Chair, the bill also includes $700 million to begin the  rebuilding of Tyndall Air Force Base in Florida's Panhandle. This  funding will support the relocation of the F-22 mission and the bed- down of F-35s, along with the planning for new facilities there.   This funding is a crucial first step to begin the necessary  rebuilding of Tyndall, which we will rebuild.   Mr. Chair, I also want to point out that this funding for Tyndall and  North Carolina is just a down payment. Congress is going to need to  provide much more support to get these locations back on their feet,  and this administration should take the time to address these real  emergencies and not the ones they have manufactured.   Finally, this bill includes a continuing resolution to reopen our  government, which is now in its 26th day of being shut down. Mr. Chair,  as I said just yesterday, the Trump shutdown is continuing to inflict  serious financial pain and anxiety on families, businesses, and  communities across the United States.   Opening the government is not a poison pill. It is our duty. This  legislation will enable the areas affected by the hurricanes to begin  to rebuild the communities and military installations that are vital to  our national defense and those local economies, as well as provide  relief to 800,000 Federal workers and their families who are living  under a cloud of economic insecurity right now.   Mr. Chair, I urge all Members of this body to cast a yes vote.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   As a fellow Floridian, I support the need to rebuild Tyndall, as I  just mentioned in my opening statement, and support the Air Force's  next-generation aircraft. It is important to ensure that our airmen and  their families have state-of-the-art facilities that support the new  mission.   I look forward to working with Mr. Dunn and Ranking Member Granger as  we begin the process to ensure future funding is available to continue  this vital reconstruction of Tyndall Air Force Base.   