 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to the  amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina.   June is LGBT Pride Month, a time when people across the country are  taking a positive stance against discrimination and violence against  LGBT individuals, but this amendment seeks to allow discrimination  against the LGBT community in HUD-funded housing and shelters.   Make no mistake, this amendment will weaken protections for LGBT  people, especially children, who are experiencing homelessness and  fleeing natural disasters, as well as survivors of violence.   These protections are important because nearly one-third of  transgender and gender nonbinary people experience homelessness at some  point in their life; about one-half of transgender people do.   According to a Center for American Progress study done in 2015, only  30 percent of shelter providers across four States, including my own of  Virginia, were willing to properly accommodate transgender women.  According to another recent survey, over half of transgender survey  respondents who stayed in a shelter in the past year were verbally  harassed, physically attacked, and/or sexually assaulted because of  their gender identity.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Some say that this amendment will negatively impact the safety and  privacy of women in shelters. Service providers around the country who  operate shelters every day disagree. These providers believe that  nondiscrimination protections are necessary to ensure everyone in need  can access shelters.   Over 300 domestic and sexual violence organizations across the  country signed a national consensus statement in support of full and  equal access for the transgender community. These leaders agree that  serving transgender women victims in shelters is appropriate and does  not pose a safety issue.   While housing transgender people according to their gender identity  does not propose a safety risk to others, failing to do so puts  transgender people in danger. Transgender people experience shockingly  high rates of sexual and physical violence and forcing transgender  people to use facilities that don't match their gender identity leaves  them at risk for harassment, assault, and a host of harms that result  when people avoid using the bathroom during the day.   Allowing shelter providers to decide who is eligible for access to  single-sex or sex-segregated shelters opens the door to discrimination.  Make no mistake, this is incredibly dangerous. The consequences of  being turned away from a shelter can be dire.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment provides $7 million for the  FAA to continue its work developing the remote tower pilot program.   Remote towers are a simple but revolutionary concept: Provide air  traffic control services from any location. With remote tower  technology, high-definition cameras and other sensors are installed in  an airport and feed video and data in real time to a remote tower  center.   Remote towers offer a promising new way for the FAA and airports to  address air traffic without breaking the bank, saving on construction  and maintenance costs that come with building a traditional air traffic  control tower.   In addition to these cost savings, remote towers provide additional  capabilities beyond the out-of-the-window view, such as integration of  local weather information, tracking moving objects, and the overlay of  radar and surveillance information about an aircraft.   Remote tower systems can outline the edges of runways, taxiways, and  airport structure, enhance visibility in fog, rain, and other adverse  weather, and incorporate infrared cameras to provide night vision. The  cameras can be filtered to minimize glare on a bright day or to add  light when it is difficult to see at sunrise or dusk or on overcast  days.   I am pleased that the first remote tower in the system is undergoing  testing in my district at Leesburg Executive Airport. The project was  launched in 2014 to address the justified need for an air traffic  control tower. The airport has more than 100,000 operations annually  and is located in a complex airspace just miles away from Dulles  International Airport.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Price).    Mr. Chairman, the National Air Traffic Controllers  Association agrees it would be shortsighted not to continue the remote  tower pilot program at this point. If funding is not appropriated, the  FAA's activities related to certifying remote towers would cease, and  the valuable work that has been done to understand the technology,  develop operations, train controllers, and conduct safety analysis will  be put on hold. In addition, the FAA won't have the resources to  install remote tower technology at other airports and evaluate future  system improvements and innovations.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and  to continue advancement of remote tower technology as a cost-effective  alternative for providing air traffic control services.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   