 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to  strengthen protections from deceptive practices in Federal elections.   We know that in the lead-up to the 2016 election, our adversaries  employed multiple systematic efforts to spread disinformation and sow  confusion among American voters. In one particularly egregious example,  Russian bots used social media to mislead voters and tell them that  they could ``vote from home'' by simply texting a code or going online.   On the eve of the 2018 election, Facebook deleted many accounts-- including those with links to the Russian Government--that were engaged  in coordinated, deceptive behavior.   Today, we know that our adversaries are not only working to hijack  our political system just before an election, they are interfering in  our democracy on a continuous basis.   Madam Chair, election security is not about Democrats or Republicans.  Election security is about all Americans coming together to defend our  shared democracy--our democracy--enshrined in our Constitution.   I have prioritized election security since arriving in Washington 10  months ago. As chairwoman of the House Science Subcommittee on  Investigations and Oversight, I held a hearing on disinformation and  the threat posed by online imposters and deep fakes.   I have worked with a group of colleagues on both sides of the aisle  on election security, and we have heard over and over again from  experts on the need for more robust protections to combat this new era  of coordinated disinformation efforts.   As a proud Representative of the great State of New Jersey, I will  always defend our right as Americans to have a spirited debate,  particularly when it comes to what matters to us in the run-up to our  elections.   One of the things I love about my district is, while we don't always  agree on the path forward, we agree on the need for honest and  respectful debate. That is what our democracy is all about. It is what  I signed up to defend when I joined the United States Navy.   So it is essential that we stand together as Americans to strengthen  our laws and to ensure that our foreign adversaries are not able to  dictate the outcomes of our elections.   I offer this amendment to prohibit any attempts to deceive voters 90  days before a Federal primary and general elections. This includes  knowingly providing false information about the time or place of  voting, what qualifications a voter must have in order to vote, or  public endorsements of candidates.   Expanding the provisions in the Deceptive Practices and Voter  Intimidation Act from 60 days before an election to 90 days will better  protect our democracy from hostile foreign actors trying to disrupt the  voices and votes of Americans. It also protects against longstanding  efforts to disenfranchise communities of color, women, and other  marginalized groups.   In my home State of New Jersey, early voting can occur up to 45 days  before an election. In fact, 39 States across the country have some  form of early voting. That is why we need this critical amendment to  extend protections and prohibit disinformation before any American  casts their ballot.   I urge my colleagues to pass this important amendment, safeguard our  democracy, and ensure that the American people, not our foreign  adversaries, determine the results of our elections.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   