 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, with August just around the corner,  countless Iowans are preparing to fill up their gas tanks--many with  Iowa-grown E15--and take to our scenic highways for one last summer  road trip. I can tell you one thing: I will be hitting the Iowa  roadways myself, and I really cannot wait, folks. Throughout the month,  I will be continuing on what I call my 99 County Tour, an annual  tradition where I visit each and every one of Iowa's 99 counties. I  will be logging hundreds of miles and speaking with thousands of  Iowans.   It doesn't get any better than heading back home, getting out of this  DC swamp, and talking with folks about the issues that matter most to  them--like solutions to lower prescription drug prices, policies to  help our farmers and small businesses thrive, and efforts to cut  wasteful spending and to make them squeal here in Washington.   So far, this year, my tour has brought me to over 50 Iowa counties,  and I am aiming to visit another 30 or so before Labor Day. I will be  crisscrossing the State, hosting townhalls and visiting the small  businesses, farms, plants, and everyone else that are currently  creating jobs and contributing to Iowa's current economic boom and  record unemployment.   Meeting with and hearing from my fellow Iowans is one of the best and  most important parts of my job. Our elected officials should always be  out there listening to the people we work for. It is our job, and it  really does make us more effective lawmakers.   For Iowans and folks across the Nation planning to hit the road this  August, I hope you will take advantage of all that Iowa has to offer.  With 99 counties, it means 99 unique communities for road warriors and  families to visit and enjoy.   There are national treasures like the Effigy Mounds National  Monument, a sacred site that is located in Allamakee and Clayton  Counties, featuring more than 200 American Indian mounds. There are  historic gems like the Herbert Hoover National Historic Site in Cedar  County and Lewis and Clark State Park in Monona County.   I am sure folks will be willing to fill their social media feeds with  one-of-a-kind Iowa attractions like the American Gothic House in  Wapello County, the world's largest concrete gnome, in Story County,  and the famed Field of Dreams in Dubuque County.   And who could forget the Iowa State Fair, truly the best State fair  in North America and the crown jewel of Iowa attractions, with  everything from the butter cow to peanut butter and jelly on a stick,  hot beef sundaes, and, of course, good old-fashioned hotdogs. In fact,  the Iowa State fair lists over 69 foods on a stick. That is right. It  is on a stick, folks. You can try that at the fair this August.   But while you are out on the road, there are a few things that you  will not be able to avoid. First and foremost, it is Democrats running  for President. Folks, they are everywhere in Iowa. You will not miss  them. You also can't avoid Casey's Pizza. Why would you want to? That  is my question.   Now, inside the DC swamp, people may turn their nose up at gas  station pizza--that is what it is, Casey's Pizza--but Iowans know it  doesn't get any better than pizza from Casey's.   One more thing Iowans will not be able to avoid on the roads this  August is me. So, as I am out on my 99-county tour this August, if you  happen to see me at a townhall or at a local business or organization  or maybe even gassing up my Harley-Davidson at Casey's or waiting in  line for a slice of pizza, please be sure to stop and say hello.  [[Page S5225]]    So, folks, hit the roads this August. Make that one last trip with  your family. Get out and see those sites, and for heaven's sake, swing  through Iowa. Visit our Iowa-nice folks.   I yield the floor.   