 Mr. President, I rise to call attention to the dire  situation that continues to unfold in northern Syria.   Turkey embarked on a reckless and brutal intervention on October 9,  2019, ostensibly to clear northern Syria of terrorist elements. It has  ironically dubbed this operation ``Peace Spring.'' The departure of  U.S. forces in the days just prior to this incursion left nothing  between Turkish military forces and the predominantly Kurdish militia,  known as the Syrian Democratic Forces, or SDF. Up until the cease-fire  agreement that was announced today, the SDF bore the brunt of the  Turkish assault.   The Kurds are deeply stung by what they see as America's abandoning  them--this after a long, hard, and successful fight against ISIS.   At the height of its power, ISIS controlled territory larger than the  United Kingdom. As many Americans know, ISIS directed and inspired  terrorist attacks on our homeland, in communities across the United  States, and staged numerous attacks against our troops overseas. ISIS's  branches across the globe have conducted unimaginable atrocities,  including targeting Christians, Yazidis, Kurds, and others who  [[Page S5884]]  opposed ISIS's corrupt interpretation of Islam. Examples of these  atrocities are the heartbreaking stories of so-called Yazidi brides who  were forced into marriages with ISIS fighters. They were raped and  brutalized repeatedly and were forced to decide whether to abandon  their children or to make an escape. There are multiple stories of  ISIS's terror that has been inflicted on those with disabilities, such  as babies being suffocated simply for being born with Down syndrome.   The United States, together with a coalition of over 30 countries,  engaged in a campaign to rid the world of ISIS and to restore peace and  stability to that region. Yet it was not a nation-state that bore the  brunt of the fighting against ISIS. The Kurds and the Arabs who made up  the Syrian Democratic Forces took the fight to the heart of the  caliphate. With the help of U.S. Special Operations Forces and  airstrikes, the SDF liberated lands held by the terror group,  imprisoned thousands of terrorist fighters, and restored hope to  hundreds of thousands who suffered under ISIS rule.   In our fast-moving and quickly changing world, it is easy for some to  forget the terrible threat ISIS once posed while they were at their  most powerful, but it would be wrong to think we can now allow  ourselves to take our foot off of our enemy's throat.   Even now, ISIS cells are seeking to take advantage of the chaos in  northern Syria to reconstitute and once again pose a direct threat to  Americans right here in our homeland.   You cannot watch what is unfolding in Syria without being  fundamentally concerned about the security of our friends and our  neighbors. A recapitalization of ISIS is a threat to us all.   It is for this reason that I have introduced a resolution which calls  on the Department of Defense and the Department of State to provide a  plan within 30 days which will outline a strategy to ensure ISIS will  never again threaten Americans or our allies now or in the future.   This strategy will address the ongoing threat that ISIS poses  regionally and globally and will outline the plan to prevent an ISIS  resurgence, contain ISIS expansion, mitigate the threat ISIS poses to  the United States and our allies, and describe how our gains against  ISIS since 2014 will be further protected.   We cannot afford to take our eyes off of this vital task of ensuring  the lasting and irreversible defeat of ISIS. We must consolidate our  gains to rid the world of this terrible organization and insist on a  sound strategy to ensure our success to that end.   Too many of our partner forces and indeed American brothers and  sisters in arms have fought and died in this fight, and we must ensure  that those sacrifices were not made in vain.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   