 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for having this  special hour and for all of his work.   As the Supreme Court deliberates this administration's attempt to end  the DACA program, it is easy for the average American to see the term  ``DACA'' as a case, a policy, a set of immigration statistics, or a  political bargaining chip. But DACA is 700,000 living, breathing people  who consider America to be their home, the only home most of them have  ever had.   Over 8,000 of these DACA members live in my district, and I consider  them amongst my most valued and vulnerable constituents. They are our  brothers and sisters, our friends and schoolmates, our neighbors and  workmates, and, in my instance, my cousin. And in my case, they are  also dedicated and talented interns working in both my district office  and right here in my Washington office.   Irene Garcia-Brizuela is a DACA recipient who has lived in the United  States since she was 10 years old. She is earning her bachelor's degree  at Cal State Dominguez Hills. She is a part-time barista, as she is  working hard in my San Pedro office.   Even as a young girl, Irene dreamed of working in our government.  Very sadly, she worries that interning for me might be as close as she  will ever come because she can't work for the government she respects,  reveres, and pledges allegiance to without proof of legal residency.   Juan Hinojos is an outstanding member of my D.C. office as an intern.  He has lived in this country since he was 2 years old. Of course, it is  the only home he has ever known. When Juan graduates Arizona State, he  will be the first in his family to do so.   Juan just spent two nights camping out to be in line to get inside  the Supreme Court so that he could witness yesterday's oral arguments,  not only as an observer wanting to witness history, not only as an  appreciator of our government in action, but as a participant whose  fate may rest in the hands of that moment.   These are just two examples of the wonderful and meaningful  contributions that all DACA recipients make to our communities, our  economy, our society, and our American culture.   Our Nation made a promise to them that if they work hard, study hard,  play by the rules, and follow the law, they can become American  citizens and travel as far as their talents take them. It is quite  literally the promise of America.   Madam Speaker, I want to say to DACA recipients nervously awaiting  their fates: You are valued. You are appreciated. You are loved. You  belong here.   