 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her lifetime  of service and commitment to those who are ignored, left out, and left  behind.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 502, the FIND  Trafficking Act. Moreover, I rise today on behalf of the survivors of  sex trafficking in my district, Massachusetts' Seventh Congressional  District, and across our Nation.   The sex and drug trafficking industry is a $150 billion industry  across the globe and throughout our communities. This bill would bring  us one step closer to combating this pervasive and insidious industry.   I rise today to lift up the lived experience of one of its survivors:  Casey, a 13-year old who grew up in the care of the child welfare  system after surviving an abusive home. Before being referred to My  Life My Choice, a program in my district that is survivor led that  works with those impacted by trafficking, Casey had been placed in  multiple residential programs.   Just this year, Casey went missing for 1 week. Casey describes an  experience that is harrowing and, unfortunately, not unique. Craving  friendship, companionship, and safety, she built relationships online  that turned into in-person meetings.   Those meetings did not provide the safety or support Casey hoped for;  rather, they led to her exploitation. She found herself at parties  where men she trusted demanded she have sex with other men. She lived  in fear, and endured many indignities. Her safety was compromised and  her humanity marginalized.   To Casey and survivors across the Nation watching, I affirm loud and  clear: What happened to you is not your fault. We believe you and we  are here fighting for you.   We know that trafficking is enabled by many factors. Broken systems  destroy the lives of too many. I would like to thank Representative  Vargas and Representative Wagner for their bipartisan leadership to  tackle these issues, and to shed light on the ways that virtual  currencies are being manipulated by traffickers to commit horrific  human rights abuses, and contributing to our country's drug crisis.    Mr. Speaker, the FIND Trafficking Act will require the  Federal Government to investigate the ways in which sex and drug  trafficking rings are capitalizing on the anonymity, such as bitcoin,  to finance the worldwide industry of modern-day slavery and sexual  exploitation without fear of detection. This would provide policy and  regulatory recommendations on ways to crack down on these horrendous  abuses.   It is estimated that more than 45 million men, women, and children  are affected by sex and human trafficking across the globe. Since 2011,  my home  [[Page H1227]]  State of Massachusetts has been working to tackle this growing  industry. We have been working to end this modern-day slavery and  exploitation through coalitions and innovative partnerships between  survivor-led, community-based organizations, businesses, and local  and State government agencies.    While these coalitions are making progress, they cannot do it alone.  The Federal Government has a critical role to play in providing  resources and research to guide this work. The FIND Trafficking Act  will shed much-needed light in the ways that technology-based  currencies have fueled and financed these human rights abuses. We will  not rest until every survivor receives justice, and we dismantle these  systems of oppression and exploitation that drive trafficking and  abuse.   To all survivors: We see you. We believe you, and we are fighting for  you.   