 Mr. President, I rise today to mark the 50th anniversary  of a critical milestone in our Nation's march toward equality--the  Stonewall uprising of June 28, 1969.   The Stonewall Inn, which opened in 1967 on Christopher Street in  Greenwich Village in New York City, was one of many establishments in  cities across this country that served as sanctuaries for members of  the LGBTQ community from persecution by police and by society at large.   In the late 1960s, every State in America, save one, criminalized  same-sex relationships. Many State and local governments also had harsh  laws that restricted the ability of transgender people to express their  identities, and LGBTQ people were prohibited from gathering socially.  As a result, LGBTQ individuals in places like Stonewall Inn, where they  gathered, were targeted frequently by law enforcement, including the  New York City Police Department. However, by the late 1960s, LGBTQ  individuals had already begun to stand up to police harassment,  including at places like Cooper Do-nuts in Los Angeles in 1959,  Compton's Cafeteria in San Francisco in 1966, and the Black Cat Tavern  in Los Angeles in 1967.   In the early morning hours of June 28, 1969, the NYPD raided the  Stonewall Inn and arrested several people, just as it had done  repeatedly over the days, weeks, and months prior. But this night was  different. A few brave individuals--particularly transgender women of  color, like Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Riviera--stood up and  [[Page S4602]]  fought back against this injustice. That night, they sparked an  uprising against the NYPD with confrontations and protests at the  Stonewall Inn and the surrounding area that lasted over the course of 6  days, until July 3, 1969.   The Stonewall uprising empowered thousands of LGBTQ individuals to  emerge from shadows and to come out publicly as they stood up for their  community the night of June 28, 1969, and beyond, putting their lives  and their safety at risk.   Along with public protests in Chicago, Los Angeles, New York,  Philadelphia, San Francisco, Washington, DC, and elsewhere, the  Stonewall uprising became a catalyst for the LGBTQ civil rights  movement to secure social and political equality and inspired the  formation of many advocacy organizations.   A year later, members of the LGBTQ community commemorated the first  anniversary of Stonewall and reaffirmed the solidarity of the community  by organizing the first Pride marches and events in New York City, San  Francisco, Chicago, and Los Angeles.   Now, we remember and celebrate the Stonewall uprising every year in  June as Pride Month.   Three years ago, President Obama declared the Stonewall Inn and its  surrounding area a national monument, becoming the first national  monument to commemorate the LGBTQ civil rights movement.   Last month, New York City announced that it would dedicate a monument  honoring pioneering transgender activists and key leaders in the  Stonewall uprising, including Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Riviera. It  would be the first public monument in the world honoring transgender  women.   Just a few weeks ago, the NYPD Commissioner issued an official  apology on behalf of the department stating: ``The actions taken by the  NYPD were wrong--plain and simple.''   I was just a kid when the Stonewall uprising happened. I didn't hear  about Stonewall on the news or even learn about it later in my history  class. It wasn't until I was in college when, as a part of my own  coming out process, I began to research the history of the gay rights  movement and I learned more about the events at Stonewall, the people  involved, and the movement that it created.   Five years after Stonewall, in 1974, Kathy Kozachenko became the  first openly gay person elected to political office in the United  States, winning a seat on the Ann Arbor City Council in Michigan. Three  years later, in 1977, Harvey Milk was elected to the San Francisco City  Council.   In 1986, I had the honor of winning election to the Dane County Board  of Supervisors in Madison, WI. It was my first role in elected office,  but I wasn't the first. In fact, I was the third openly gay person to  serve on the Dane County Board. I was really fortunate to have role  models who had come before me.   In 1998, I became the first openly gay person elected to the U.S.  House of Representatives as a nonincumbent, and, in 2012, I became the  first out member of the LGBT community to be elected to the U.S. Senate  in its history.   I remember my early years in public office when there were only about  two dozen or so elected officials who were out across the country. We  would meet on an annual basis to discuss how we could work together to  exchange ideas about legislation that would advance equality, and we  talked about how we would help to expand our numbers at the local,  State, and national levels. I am proud to say that, today, there are  more than 700 out LGBT people who are serving in elected office across  the United States.   All of these public servants bring their unique life experiences to  the job, and they give the LGBT community a seat at the table of our  local, State, and Federal Governmental bodies. Perhaps just as  importantly, each of these public servants is a role model for the next  generation. This is important progress, but we are not there yet. We  have more work to do, and we must keep fighting to move our country  forward.   Members of the LGBT community continue to experience bias in policing  and are still at significant risk of violence and discrimination.  According to the annual hate crimes report, which is published by the  Federal Bureau of Investigation, LGBT individuals and, particularly,  LGBT individuals of color continue to be the target of bias-motivated  violence, but efforts to address this violence may be hindered by a  continued lack of trust in law enforcement. At least 100 transgender  people, primarily women of color, have been murdered in the United  States since the beginning of 2015.   No LGBT person in the United States should have to live in fear of  being the target of violence. In a majority of States in this country,  LGBT Americans can still be fired, evicted from their homes, or denied  services because of who they are or whom they love. Because there is no  explicit, uniform Federal law protecting LGBT people from  discrimination in education, employment, housing, credit, and more, too  many Americans are at the mercy of an inadequate patchwork of State and  local laws.   The House took a historic step forward last month when it passed the  Equality Act. It is time for the Senate to do the same so that all LGBT  Americans, no matter where they live, can finally have the freedom of  full equality.   This week, I introduced a Senate resolution to honor the 50th  anniversary of the Stonewall uprising. It is the first resolution in  the U.S. Senate to recognize the story of Stonewall. This resolution  commends the bravery, solidarity, and resiliency of the LGBT community  in the face of violence and discrimination, both past and present. It  also condemns violence and discrimination against members of the LGBT  community and recommits to securing justice, equality, and well-being  for LGBT people in our country. Stonewall is the story of those who  came before us and let their voices be heard--of those who bravely  stood up and spoke out so that others would not feel compelled to live  in silence or invisibly or in secrecy.   When we look back at the Stonewall uprising and the activism that  grew out of that moment, even the most basic progress seemed as if it  would take a revolution to achieve--so we had one. We should be proud  of the enormous progress that we have made over the last 50 years. Let  us remain inspired by the courage of this story, the story of  Stonewall.   I yield the floor.   