 Mr. President, I rise this evening with many of my  Democratic colleagues to speak about an issue that is on the minds of  families all across our country. I thank Senator Murphy for organizing  this very important action this evening.   Back-to-school always brings back such great memories of my own  children, my son and daughter. I remember them packing crayons and  paper in their new backpacks and eagerly heading off to meet their new  teachers and catch up with friends to talk about what they did during  the summer. It had always been such an exciting time of year for them.  Unfortunately, it is not the same now for their children, my  grandchildren.   I have two grandsons and a granddaughter who are now in school. The  first new question that was asked when buying their backpacks was: Do  you want a bulletproof backpack? Do you want a bulletproof backpack,  was one of the questions in buying their backpacks for school.   I also think of 2 weeks ago when my youngest grandson started second  grade. My daughter and I were talking about the fact that in addition  to all of the excitement and the energy around starting school, there  were changes--like a new front door and bulletproof windows and a new  way to get into the school, walking in and having to stop and buzz and  go through another door, and all of the changes and the costs that have  gone into reconfiguring the school so you can't walk directly into  classrooms.   It was important for the school to do that, but I am sure that what  they would rather have been doing is adding more music and art classes  and teachers and technology and other things for the children in that  elementary school, rather than bulletproof windows and safety doors to  stop a gunman from getting into the school.   Americans have learned that whether it is a school, a store, a  church, a country music festival, a movie theater, or even sitting on  your front porch, no place is safe anymore. Thanks to this country's  epidemic of gun violence, even a child playing football in his own  backyard or doing her homework at the kitchen table in her own home can  become the target of a stray bullet.   Last week, Senate Democrats released a report that shows 100  Americans are killed by guns every single day--100 people every single  day. That is enough people to fill every desk in this Chamber day after  day after day--100 people killed by gun violence every single day.   In fact, since the House passed the Bipartisan Background Checks Act,  there have been an estimated 20,200 people killed by gun violence,  12,322 suicides using a gun, and 808 children--808 children--killed by  firearms.   Those are some of the numbers, but we are not here tonight to just  talk about numbers. We are talking about people's lives. These people  have names like Judy and Barbara, Mary Jo and Mary Lou, and Richard and  Tyler. These six people were killed in 2016 when an Uber driver went on  a shooting spree across Kalamazoo County, MI. Two other people, Abigail  and Tiana, were gravely wounded.   Tiana watched the car coming toward her and saw the driver pull out a  handgun. Tiana told her daughters to run and stood still to shield  them. Once she knew they were safe, she tried to get away too. The  gunman pulled the trigger 15 times. Tiana was shot four times. Only  when she laid on the ground and played dead did the bullets stop.   Broken bodies, shattered families, grieving communities. This story  is one that is repeated across this country every single day now, and  it has to stop.   The American people expect the Senate to do its job and take action  to make their lives better and safer. Unfortunately, that isn't  happening, and the American people are paying the price.   Two hundred and two days ago--202 days ago the Democratic House  passed the Bipartisan Background Checks Act--202 days ago--which would  require a background check for every gun sale, something pretty simple  and common sense. That could have stopped the shooter in West Texas who  killed 7 innocent people and wounded another 25. It makes you wonder  how many of the 301 mass shootings that have happened since January 1  could have been prevented and how many lives could have been saved.   Requiring a background check for every gun purchase isn't  controversial. In fact, it is what Americans are asking for. It is  pretty common sense.   I come from rural Michigan, and in Northern Michigan my whole family  is involved in hunting and all of the great outdoor sports. I have  lived with legal, safe gun ownership my whole life. No one in my family  believes that someone should be able to buy a gun without getting a  background check. It is just common sense.   That is why more than 90 percent of Americans want Congress to do  just that--to pass universal background checks. Yet the bill sits on  the Senate Republican leader's desk, Senator McConnell's desk, waiting,  waiting, waiting for action for 202 days. While Mitch McConnell and  President Trump wait for approval from Big Money special interests,  Americans are dying. It is time to act.   The beginning of school should be something our young people look  forward to, not fear.   Next year, students at Fruitport High School in West Michigan will  attend a brandnew school in a brandnew building. It has all sorts of  amenities--10 science classrooms with spacious labs, a drafting lab  with a 3D printer, and art studios complete with pottery kilns. It will  also feature curved hallways to reduce a shooter's sight line,  shatterproof glass, and wing walls that will provide places for  students to hide in classrooms.   It is great that the school district is investing in the safety of  its students, but it is also heartbreaking that they have to do so.  Students in Fruitport and across Michigan should be focused on next  week's math test or tomorrow night's football game, not where they can  duck and take cover in their school.   It is time for America to stop failing our young people. Majority  Leader McConnell, what are you waiting for?   I yield the floor.   