 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 1404, the  Vladimir Putin Transparency Act.   According to the 2017 Intelligence Community Assessment produced by  the CIA, NSA, the FBI, and an indictment issued by the Attorney General  in 2018, it is clear that Russian actors conspired to interfere and  influence U.S. political processes and the Presidential election in  2016. This assessment stated that ``Russian President Vladimir Putin  ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. Presidential  election. Russia's goals were to undermine public faith in the U.S.  democratic process.''   Madam Speaker, the Russian Government has been known to employ a  system of corruption and illicit financial ties as a tool for  consolidating its domestic political control and projecting power  abroad to weaken not only the United States but other democratic  countries as well.   That is why I proudly co-sponsored H.R. 1404. The bill would require  that within 180 days of enactment, the Director of National  Intelligence, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and  the Secretary of State, shall submit a congressional report on the  personal net worth and assets owned by Russian President Vladimir  Putin.   The report would also include accounts, holdings, shell companies,  and intermediaries, and identify senior Russian political figures and  oligarchs who facilitate corrupt practices. Vladimir Putin and his  corrupt allies seek to weaken democracies globally by consolidating  political control through unethical means, and they must be brought to  account for their actions.   This bipartisan legislation is an important step to ensuring the  security of our elections and upholding democracy around the world. I  urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. I also want to  thank my colleague, Representative Val Demings, for her leadership on  this issue. I am proud to work across the aisle with her to pass this  important bill.   Madam Speaker, in closing, as I have noted in my remarks, this is  important bipartisan legislation. It is about transparency, it is about  accountability, and it is about standing up to the corrupt practices of  Russian President Vladimir Putin. This is bipartisan, commonsense  legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill on the  floor.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   