 Thank you.   Mr. President, later today, the Senate will make a significant  decision with implications for our constitutional system of government.   We will vote on a resolution to reverse the President's ill-advised  national emergency declaration that funds the construction of a border  wall using money that Congress has appropriated and the President has  signed into law for other purposes, such as military construction.   I want to thank Senator Udall, the Senator from New Mexico, for  working together with me. We introduced a companion resolution to  overturn the President's declaration, and I commend Senator Udall for  his leadership.   By declaring a national emergency, the President's action comes into  direct conflict with Congress's authority to determine the  appropriation of funds, a power vested in Congress by the Framers of  our Constitution in article I, section 9. That is why this issue is not  about strengthening our border security, a goal that I support and have  voted to advance. Rather, it is a solemn occasion involving whether  this body will stand up for its institutional prerogatives and will  support the separation of powers enshrined in our Constitution.   Throughout our history the courts have consistently held that ``only  Congress is empowered by the Constitution to adopt laws directing  monies to be spent from the U.S. treasury.''   For the past 65 years, the courts have determined the boundary of  Presidential authority vis-a-vis Congress under the doctrine of  Youngstown Sheet & Tube, the 1952 Supreme Court case that reversed  President Truman's seizure of U.S. steel companies during the Korean  war.   As Justice Robert Jackson explained in his profoundly influential  concurrence in that case, the question of whether a President's actions  are constitutionally valid should be determined by examining the source  of the President's authority. In this concurrence, the Justice goes  through three scenarios in which he assesses the President's power.    According to Justice Jackson, when acts taken by the President are  against the express or implied will of Congress, the President's power  is at its lowest ebb. President Trump's declaration clearly falls in  that category.   The President rests his declaration on the National Emergencies Act,  and that act fails to define precisely what constitutes an emergency.  There is a commonsense rule we can apply. It is a five-part test that  was used by the Office of Management and Budget under  [[Page S1862]]  former President George Herbert Walker Bush to determine whether  requested funding merited an emergency designation under our budget  rules. Under that test, a spending request was designated as an  emergency only if the need for spending met a five-part test. It had to  be necessary, sudden, urgent, unforeseen, and not permanent.   Whether one agrees with President Trump that more should be done to  secure our southern border--and I do agree with him on that goal--his  decision to fund a border wall through a national emergency declaration  would never pass all of this five-part test.   Another concern I have with the President's declaration is, it shifts  funding away from critical military construction projects. We don't  know which ones. We have not been able to get a list, but this could  have very real national security implications. Again, I would note that  the Military Construction appropriations bill incorporated projects  recommended by the President and his Department of Defense, was passed  by both bodies, and signed into law by the President.   Let me emphasize, once again, that the question presented by this  resolution is not whether you are for a border wall or against a border  wall; it is not whether you believe that border security should be  strengthened or whether it is sufficient; it is not whether we support  or oppose President Trump; rather, the question is a far more  fundamental and significant one. The question is this: Do we want the  executive branch, now or in the future, to hold the power of the purse,  a power the Framers deliberately entrusted to Congress?   We must stand up and defend Congress's institutional powers as the  Framers intended we would, even when doing so is inconvenient or goes  against the outcome we might prefer.   I urge my colleagues to support the rulings of disapproval and our  Constitution.   Thank you.   