 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  him for bringing this bill to the floor.   I support the mission and work of the Foundation of the Federal Bar  Association. I support passage of H.R. 1663, which would give the  foundation more operational flexibility, as I did when the House passed  a similar version last Congress.   However, I would be remiss if I did not note my concern with section  6 of this bill. Federal law requires the foundation's principal office  to be in the District of Columbia. Section 6 would amend that  requirement and allow the foundation to have its principal office at  any location in the United States decided by its board of directors and  specified by its bylaws. Currently, the foundation's principal office  is in Arlington, Virginia, in violation of Federal law.   I am speaking on this bill not to oppose it but to make a larger  point about the location of Federal agencies. While the foundation is a  federally chartered corporation and operates independently of the  Federal Government, H.R. 1663 comes to the floor at a time when the  Trump administration and many Members of Congress, among them my  Republican colleagues, are working to relocate Federal agencies outside  the national capital region.   Recently, Senators Josh Hawley and Marsha Blackburn introduced a bill  that would relocate most agencies outside of the Nation's Capital and  the national capital region. We can have a discussion on ways to make  government work better for the American people, but such bills should  not be part of that discussion.   These types of bills or administration proposals are often used for  cheap talking points against the national capital region and Federal  employees or are intended to undermine the work of the Federal agencies  the bills or proposals are ostensibly designed to help.   Eighty-five percent of Federal employees work outside of the national  capital region already. Hundreds of Federal employees and their  families have already been harmed by the recent relocation of two U.S.  Department of Agriculture agencies, as has the work of those agencies.   Congress cannot do its job without the unvarnished facts and  briefings that nonpartisan agencies give the House and Senate almost  daily. I have already gotten language in appropriations bills that  would block politically motivated moves outside of the national capital  region, and I will continue to fight agency relocations with every tool  at my disposal.   Fortunately, H.R. 1663 is not about relocation.   