 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the updated United  States-Mexico-Canada trade agreement.   In the years that followed NAFTA'S enactment in 1994, American jobs  were outsourced to Mexico, and the wages and working conditions were  not improved for Mexican workers. This  [[Page H12259]]  agreement, while not perfect, is an important opportunity to fix the  damage from NAFTA and to create a new baseline for future trade  agreements.   The renegotiated USMCA strengthens labor rules so that it will be  easier to prove violations. It includes robust monitoring systems and  strong enforcement tools, including people on the ground in Mexico to  monitor compliance.   Importantly, the updated USMCA no longer includes harmful provisions  that would have locked in high drug prices and made it more difficult  for patients to access affordable generic drugs.   This final agreement also makes important advancements to protect our  environment. It improves environmental rules, puts them in the text of  the agreement, provides a path to reducing hydrofluorocarbon emissions,  protects against overfishing, makes it easier to prove environmental  violations, and secures more than $600 million to implement the  environmental provisions and address pollution and marine debris.   Throughout the negotiation process, I fought hard for the inclusion  of strong climate provisions. I am disappointed that the Trump  administration rejected our efforts. We did, however, include a clause  that creates a path for adding additional environmental and  conservation agreements in the future. I will continue to do all I can  to pass and implement bold policies to combat climate change.   The USMCA is significantly better than the agreement that the Trump  administration brought to us. It is a major improvement over the NAFTA  rules that are currently in place. It will bring more certainty to  workers, to Oregonians, and for the environment.   I thank Speaker Pelosi for appointing me to the working group and the  hardworking staff that got us to today.   