 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, I would like to thank Congresswoman Waters for her  incredible work and leadership on this bill, which will help restore  trust in Federal consumer protections and ensure those protections  extend to all communities.   I also thank my colleague, Representative Golden, for cosponsoring my  amendment. This amendment would direct CFPB to include representatives  of military- and veteran-serving financial institutions in their  advisory committees.   There are over 18 million veterans in America today and nearly 3  million Department of Defense employees. Many in these communities  choose to bank with financial institutions that cater to their unique  needs. These over 20 million Americans deserve a voice at the CFPB from  technical experts who know how to best serve our veterans and military.   We know that many military members pick a financial institution and  stick with it. That is because these organizations have the skills and  experience to help servicemembers with challenging circumstances, like  frequent moves and deployments, that the average civilian customer  won't face.   These organizations help support our veterans and military at  critical life moments, providing early capital to help start a  business, helping finance a new home, and even partnering with  educational institutions to provide technical assistance to veteran  entrepreneurs.   They know the unique needs and concerns of their clientele, including  identity theft during deployments, VA loan issues, and improper credit  reflections that occur when the VA experiences administrative delays.   And they can share key industry insight to help CFBP ensure vets and  servicemembers are protected as they move through financial systems.   On a personal note, I share my home, El Paso, with nearly 50,000  veterans and am neighbors with more than 45,000 military and civilian  personnel at Fort Bliss. At Fort Bliss, we also train units from every  U.S. State and territory, so our amenities end up benefiting many  outside our immediate community over time.   Communities like ours deserve to be heard, and my amendment will help  ensure that that happens.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I have no further speakers or comments. I  urge all of my colleagues to support my amendment and the underlying  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   