 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak on U.S. national defense.   In the last couple of years, we have made tremendous progress in  strengthening our military and have effectively realigned our global  posture and strategy.   Under the new national defense strategy, the United States has  rightfully recognized the return to great power competition, where our  priorities have shifted from low-intensity conflict to posturing  against peer and near-peer adversaries.   Over the last 17 years of combat in the Middle East, U.S. dominance  and deterrence against great power competitors have diminished.  Meanwhile, nations like China and Russia have undertaken extraordinary  military modernization efforts while engaging in unprecedented and  destabilizing aggression.   We have seen Russian intrusions in cyberspace, the illegal annexation  of Crimea, information attacks on Western democratic institutions, and  the spread of lies, half-truths, and slander in order to sow division  and chaos between the United States and other partners.   These gray-zone activities, which are actions below the level that  would provoke an armed conflict, have gone mainly unchecked by the  United States, which has set a troubling precedent and only serve to  encourage further provocation.   From China, we see these gray-zone techniques manifested in their  land reclamation in the South China Sea, the construction of their  first foreign military installations in Djibouti, and the continuing  theft of intellectual property and trade secrets in critical security  areas.   They have also greatly undermined our supply chain through the Made  in China 2025 initiative, which seeks to ensure that the United States  and others remain reliant on the Chinese industrial base.   Above all, the United States is threatened by Russia's and China's  advances in emerging technology. This includes hypersonic weapons,  artificial intelligence, space capabilities, quantum computing, and  directed energy.   Without significant resources and focus, we will lose our  technological superiority in these very areas, and both U.S. national  security and the global order will be in serious jeopardy.   Building off of our successes from the last 2 years, Congress and the  executive branch must remain committed to investing in research,  development, rapid acquisition, and the deployment of capabilities that  provide for deterrence in line with the threats of the 21st century.   Just as we rose to the challenge in the two World Wars, the Cold War,  and following the attacks on September 11, 2001, we must, once again,  evaluate our current posture and chart a course that best protects our  national security and our interests.   While the national defense strategy correctly prioritizes a return to  great power competition, we still have great national security threats  in the low-intensity domain, particularly in the Middle East and in  North Africa.   The success of our missions in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, and Africa  are important. They can be seen in our ability to prevent extremist  groups from projecting attacks into the U.S. homeland.   Through the heroic and dedicated service of our men and women in  uniform, we have put unyielding pressure on foreign terrorists and, in  turn, we have prevented another massive attack like we saw on 9/11.   While we have seen tremendous battlefield success against groups like  the Islamic State, counterterrorism and stability operations require a  sustained commitment of presence and resources in order to consolidate  gains and promote good governance and the rule of law. In the absence  of the latter, ungoverned spaces quickly transform into breeding  grounds for terror groups, and that is why we are in Iraq. That is why  we are in Afghanistan, and that is why we should remain in Syria. We  must do that until our objectives are met.    Balancing our approach toward both low- and high-intensity threats  will require us to rely on our allies and our partners more than we  have had to rely on them in the past decades, as we have a limited  supply of resources for our national defense. However, if we are able  to leverage the resources of our friends, we will assume less risk as  we move to more resources toward countering great power threats.  Likewise, as we seek to bolster our defense posture toward peer  competitors, we will greatly benefit from increased contributions and  commitments from our allies and our partners. That means insisting that  our treaty allies contribute their fair share to the international  security burden and also ensuring that our allies and partners are  investing in weapons systems and military platforms that interoperate  with ours while effectively deterring our common adversaries.   We cannot and should not abandon those who share our values of  democracy and freedom but, rather, work with them to increase defense  contributions and build necessary capabilities and capacities. Unlike  Russia and China, our network of allies and friends, who have stood  shoulder to shoulder with us in the defense of freedom and democratic  values, are a source of great strength, as well as an integral part of  promoting global security.   I would be remiss if I did not take this opportunity to once again  acknowledge the most detrimental adversary of our national defense;  that is, poor fiscal policy. As then-Secretary Mattis stated when he  announced the National Defense Strategy, continuing resolutions and  sequestration have hindered our security more than any foe. These  wasteful applications of taxpayer dollars prevent long-term planning,  stymie research and development, delay critical procurement, and  prevent necessary training and readiness investments.  [[Page S86]]    What we do in this Chamber has consequences that reverberate far  beyond Washington. When we fail to do our job, we put our warfighters  at higher risk and cripple our strategic posture, ultimately  endangering our national security. That is why I have come to the floor  today to urge bipartisanship and collaboration amongst both Houses of  Congress on defense spending policy. The political climate of today  will assuredly prevent progress in some areas of Congress's work, but I  encourage my colleagues to set those differences aside when we consider  policies and appropriations for our national defense.   We have a lot of work ahead in order to protect our security and  interests, but I am confident we can come together to solve these  issues of critical importance.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of  the floor be granted to the following member of my staff: Heidi Steele,  a fellow in my office, during the pendency of the 116th Congress.   