 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are at a point we have been hoping  to get to for some time, which is debate on S. 47, the Natural  Resources Management Act.   This is a compilation, if you will, of various lands bills, water  bills, and sportsmen's bills. This is a lands package that Senator  Cantwell, Senator Manchin, and I recently introduced, but it is the  result of years--multiple years, actually--of regular order process in  the committees of jurisdiction--most notably, the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee. It is the result of months of intense, bicameral  back-and-forth negotiations with now-Chairman Raul Grijalva and now- Ranking Member Rob Bishop of the House Natural Resources Committee. In  that back-and-forth, we said: We are going to be very specific to our  jurisdiction here, and we are going to stick to a four-corners  agreement that we reached late last year and had actually confirmed  here on the Senate floor in late December.   This package contains more than 100 public lands, natural resources,  and water measures that have good, strong support in both Chambers. We  are at that point where we can not only do the back-and-forth, but we  can work through the back-and-forth that comes when we are able to  advance a package like this to the floor.   I would like to thank Majority Leader McConnell and Minority Leader  Schumer for agreeing to add our lands package directly to the Senate  calendar. This was an agreement that was made back in December. We were  teed up and ready to go, but in fairness, you run out of time at the  end of the year. There was an agreement that was reached here on the  Senate floor between the two leaders and other colleagues to make sure  that we would take up this package quickly and that we would work to  address it early in this new Congress.   A lot of thanks go out to our leadership, and special thanks to my  former ranking member, Senator Cantwell, for working with me to get us  to this point and to my new ranking member, Senator Manchin, for really  stepping up and helping to manage this package just weeks into his new  role as the ranking member.   Before I get into my full remarks, I also want to recognize the  efforts of several of the other members of the Energy Committee who  have really gone the extra mile to help us get to this point. On our  side of the aisle, Senator Gardner and Senator Daines have been just  dogged in making sure that--as issues arose and as we tried to cobble  together different proposals, they were in the thick of it and have  been helpful every step of the way. On the other side of the aisle,  Senator Heinrich and Senator Wyden have been equally aggressive and  helpful in all they have done to help advance and build support for  this package.   It is probably true, if you were to look through this package, you  are not going to see something that stands out with bright lights and  flags that says these are sweeping changes in Federal policy. Most of  the items we have included are probably considered too parochial, too  local, too discrete to merit floor time on a standalone basis. That is  the problem with lands packages, generally, in that they don't take up  a lot of space when it comes to a Senate calendar, but I can tell you  that every one of the provisions in this package matters to a  community, matters to a constituency--many of them in Western States,  States like mine, that have a great amount of public land, of Federal  lands. These are, again, important at a host of different levels. So  working with colleagues to understand their local priorities, their  constituency, has really been a real pleasure as part of this process.   We worked very hard within the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  this last Congress to prepare the vast majority of bills in the  package, and our colleagues on the House side did the same. What we  were able to agree to is a package that is sponsored by 50 different  Senators in this past Congress. When you count the cosponsor  provisions, this package addresses the priorities of close to 90  Senators. You have just about everybody in this body, Republicans and  Democrats, who have come together and said: This is an issue in my  region, in my State. These are issues we need to be working on  together.   I think it is a real reflection of the priorities--the wide range of  priorities--that Members have for their home States. I think it is also  a sign, when you have more than 100 of these smaller, more discrete  bills packages together--it is a sign that we are really overdue in  moving these lands bills.   The last time we had a significant lands package on the floor was  2014. It has been 5 years since we have had an opportunity to move,  again, a significant number of Members' priorities. I think it is also  a testament to the long hours we have spent and our staffs have spent  reviewing and working through and really trying to build the agreements  on what we hope is soon to be ready to be signed into law.   It is important this bill, this package, becomes law in the near  future. What we do through this legislative package is we really  provide new opportunities for economic development through land  conveyances and exchanges. We expand and we enhance access for sports  men and women on our Federal lands for hunting, fishing, and other  outdoor recreation activities.   This should be noted. We have been trying to work a sportsmen's  package--a compilation of bills that relate to access on our Federal  lands for hunting, fishing, and shooting sports. We have been trying to  do this for three Congresses running. It is long overdue.   We also feature provisions related to western water management,  national park units, other Federal lands administered by the BLM and  the Forest Service. One of the provisions that is probably most  strongly supported in this package reauthorizes the deposit function of  the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This expired last September.  Instead of leaving that program subject to repeated lapses and short- term extensions--we see a lot of that around here--what we have done is  we have agreed to remove that expiration date. We effectively make that  permanent, and we paired it--this is very important to us. We paired  that permanent authorization with meaningful reforms, with meaningful  reforms that will help ensure greater balance in the funds that are  allocated to the program.   I mentioned that many of these provisions might seem very local, very  parochial. We have a provision that will facilitate the expansion of an  airport in Custer County, SD. I have never been to Custer County, but  when you have a constriction, a limitation on your ability to expand an  airport because you need a land conveyance, it literally takes an act  of Congress in order to make that happen.   Another provision in the measure will enable the construction of a  large-scale solar project in the State of Arizona. This is going to  bring about jobs, and it is going to bring about renewable energy  opportunities. We have several more provisions that will designate  national monuments but done the right way. The right way is with  Congress in the lead, rather than the President exercising his  authorities under the Antiquities Act--so making sure you have that  level of consensus that is so important when designations like this  move forward.   On some of the more Alaska-specific provisions, we have upheld our  promise, a promise made decades ago to Alaska Natives who served during  the Vietnam war. During this time of their service, they basically  missed out on their opportunity to receive the land allotments that had  been promised to them by the Federal Government under the land rights.  What we have done is we have worked to address that inequity in a way  that is fair to our veterans and fair to the process.  [[Page S900]]    We provide routing flexibility for the natural gas pipeline that has  been proposed for some time. We are able to create new opportunities  for small, small, small communities, like down in Kake in Southeast  Alaska or Utkiagvik up in the North Slope.   We also reached agreement to improve our volcano warning and  monitoring system. Some of you might not think about why we need to be  paying attention to our volcanoes. Believe me, you don't want to be in  an aircraft when you are flying through volcanic ash. Knowing what is  going on is important. Whether you are in Hawaii, Alaska, or another  State, it is really just a matter of time before we see more eruptions.  We saw it in Alaska with Mount Cleveland last year and Kilauea in  Hawaii. So we are paying attention to that.   These are just a few of the highlights. I am going to be talking to  more of them on the floor as debate goes on, but I also want to close  with kind of an explanation of where we are in the process right now.   As I mentioned, when you have a package that has 100-plus bills--and  we haven't done something like this in now 5 years--there is no  shortage of provisions that we could include. We really worked hard. We  did our best to work through everything we had on the table and  included as much as we could reach agreement on. I think we all can  agree there is more we can do, and we should try to do, and that our  work on our lands and our resource issues is not going to end just  because we passed this bill.   That is why I would encourage folks to view this as a first step. It  is literally a downpayment. We say we are clearing the decks of the  provisions that have been outstanding for a long time right now and  that are ready to go right now.   I know we have several Members who would like to have amendments. We  want to try to find a way to accommodate some of those, but that is  going to take a level of cooperation. It always does. We may be able to  take some by unanimous consent or by rollcall vote, but there are also  going to be some we are just not going to be able to accept at this  time and on this package.   Again, I would take back to the bipartisan agreement that we had and  the spirit of that agreement, that we want to stay away from things  that are outside our jurisdiction or that would create problems with  the House. The House has been good--a cooperative arrangement up to  this point in time. I think it is fair to say we have had some very  good signals that they are anxious to receive this from the Senate and  thus help us facilitate its passage into law.   For those who aren't able to add their specific provisions, you  certainly have my commitment to work with you in this Congress, but in  the meantime I think what you have in front of you is an excellent  package. It is time for us to pass it. It is time to show our strong  support, send it to the House of Representatives, and then to the  President's desk.   I am pleased to yield and recognize my friend and new colleague on  the Energy Committee--not a new colleague but certainly my new ranking  member--who has been a great person to work with and a real help in all  of our efforts.   