 Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart in joining my  beloved colleague, who also represents the city of Detroit, in paying  tribute to our wonderful, late Congress Member John Conyers, the  longest serving African American in the United States Congress, a true  civil rights icon and visionary, and the man who will forever be our  Congressman.   The Honorable John Conyers Jr.'s mission to make sweeping changes in  civil rights by fighting on behalf of the people started well before he  ever stepped onto the United States House floor. One of the things that  he said at the passing of Rosa Parks, his dear friend, was: ``We've got  a tremendous legacy to fulfill. You can't maintain a democracy and an  empire simultaneously.'' And he said, ``Rosa, you taught me that.''   But, when he first was sworn in to the Congress in 1965 during a time  of great social unrest in our country's history, he embarked on what  would become a 50-year tenure of service to our people that would  result in that mission being accomplished, and then some.   Indeed, his more than 50 years of service brought forth the vision of  reparations for African Americans, the centering of voting rights, a  continued push for universal healthcare, the creation of the  Congressional Black Caucus, and the inspiration of not just those in  Detroit for whom he worked tirelessly, but he directly impacted many,  many countless Americans across the country.   When I first was elected to succeed Congressman Conyers, I knew that  I  [[Page H8533]]  had a tremendous legacy to carry. It is that tremendous legacy that  propels my work on behalf of Michigan's 13th Congressional District  that I fight for every single day.   I remember when I was in his presence of greatness, he never  exhibited anything less than grace and kindness. He always paused and  took time to talk to the residents. He taught me that.   Sadly, the last time I spoke to him was at his 90th birthday  celebration in Detroit. He was joyful and, yes, he still had the  presence of greatness, as Congresswoman Brenda Lawrence saw for herself  as well.    Detroit and our district will sorely miss him.   May he rest in peace as we continue to fight for what he fought for  for so long with unwavering strength: for jobs, justice, and peace.   I pray that his wife, Monica Conyers, and the family find strength  during this difficult time.   