 Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from  Georgia for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3351. One of the many  faults of this legislation is language designed to eliminate  educational options for low-income families in the District of  Columbia.   Mr. Chairman, every Member of this body wants all students to receive  an excellent education. That is why Congress authorized the D.C.  Opportunity Scholarship Program in 2004, which provided low-income  students in the District of Columbia the chance to escape public  schools that were not working for them and find a private school that  would meet their educational needs. Congress has reauthorized this  program twice, most recently in 2017.   We know the program works. Just recently, a witness testifying before  the Committee on Education and Labor described her son pursued private  school options through the program in part because he was bullied in  his public elementary school. He ultimately graduated from his private  high school as salutatorian and is now attending the University of  Maryland.   This family's story is not uncommon. A Department of Education study  on the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program found that students  receiving scholarships were 21 percent more likely to graduate high  school than their public school peers.   An Urban Institute study of the Florida Tax Credit Scholarship  Program released earlier this year found similar results. Students  participating in that program were more likely to attend and graduate  college than their public school peers.   If we truly believe in improving educational outcomes for students,  supporting educational freedom is something all of us should support.  Unfortunately, the bill before us today seeks to strip these choices  from low-income parents in D.C. under the guise of protecting students'  civil rights.   For example, the language would require private schools to follow  most of the requirements of the Individuals with Disabilities Education  Act. On the surface, that sounds like it makes sense, but families of  students with disabilities are exercising their freedom to pursue  private school options because the public school has failed their  child. They believe the private school provides an educational program  that will provide a better outcome for their student. They know that  student better than the Federal Government does. Who are you to take  that choice away?   And to be clear, the system the majority wants to shackle these  families with is failing.   Since 2007, the Department of Education has evaluated States and the  [[Page H5108]]  District of Columbia on their compliance with the requirements of the  Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. In every single year since  then, the District's public school system has failed to meet the  requirements of the law.   To put this in plain language, the majority wants to return students  who have found educational choices that work for them to a failing  system. And they are couching this policy in civil rights terms. That  is shameful.   The majority will presumably pass this bill, but I urge the Senate to  reject this attempt to hide a special interest giveaway behind civil  rights language. I urge a ``no'' vote on this bill.   