 Madam Chair, I rise today to speak about the fiscal  year 2020 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies appropriations  bill.   First, I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member Granger  for their leadership. I also want to thank Ranking Member Joyce for his  collaboration and partnership through this process and all the members  on our committee for their contribution.   The Interior bill is a product of hard work and collaboration. The  subcommittee held 16 hearings. We received 6,500 requests from Members  of Congress, and we worked hard to create a bill that reflects the  priorities of the entire House. As a result, we have a strong bill  before us today that makes critical investments for the American people  and the planet.   For fiscal year 2020, the subcommittee is recommending a total of  $37.3 billion in discretionary funding. That is an increase of $1.7  billion over last year's enacted level.   There is also an additional $2.25 billion in fire cap adjusted funds  for suppression operations. These critical funds allow the Forest  Service to fight wildland fires without borrowing from non-fire  programs.   Some of the biggest increases in this bill go to honoring our Federal  trust and treaty responsibilities to provide for the health, safety,  and education of our Native American brothers and sisters.   Madam Chair, I want to thank Representative Joyce for his working  with me to carry on this subcommittee's nonpartisan approach to  addressing the issues facing Indian Country. We can be proud that this  bill continues to move us in the right direction.   In fact, the bill invests over $10 billion to support and strengthen  Indian Tribal self-determination, including $1 billion, the highest  funding ever recommended, for the operation of Native American  education programs.   For many agencies in this bill, the Trump administration proposed  devastating cuts that we have rejected.   The President's budget proposed a 31 percent cut to the Environmental  Protection Agency. That cut would have prevented the EPA from  completing its mission to keep our communities safe and healthy. On  President Trump's watch, Americans know that their air quality is  declining for the first time in decades.   Today, this administration rolled out their dirty power plan, which  will contribute to 1,400 premature deaths, annually. Democrats are  fighting back in this bill with important investments to protect the  air we breathe and the water we drink.   We boost support for the EPA's clean air programs by $25.6 million,  and we increase congressional oversight of attempts to roll back public  health protections.   And, finally, we fund the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund at the  authorized level. We include funds for newly authorized grants to  target drinking water and wastewater needs. We are working to reduce  sewer overflows and ensure that all Americans have access to safe  drinking water.   This bill also targets funds to address the crisis of PFAS  contamination in our water supplies.   President Trump's budget also proposed radical cuts to the Land and  Water Conservation Fund, even though earlier this year he signed a  bipartisan bill to permanently reauthorize the program. Instead, our  bill chooses to invest $524 million in the LWCF to protect and preserve  our landscapes and biodiversity.   Democrats also rejected the Trump administration cuts that would have  decimated Federal funding to research, combat, and adapt to climate  change. Our bill boosts funding for climate change research, tracking  and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions, and energy and water  efficiency programs at the EPA.   It increases ecosystems and climate-related funding in the U.S.  Geological Survey, and it restores programs proposed for elimination in  the Fish and Wildlife Service.   We recognize the importance of science to understand and address the  [[Page H4802]]  impacts of climate change on our natural and cultural resources and our  ecosystems and human health.   I am proud of the work that went into this bill, so I want to thank  all of our staff on both sides of the aisle, on the committee and on  our personal staffs, for the countless hours they put into this bill. I  thank them all for their engagement and commitment.   Now, I know Mr. Joyce will not be supporting this bill today, Madam  Chair, but I look forward to working with him in negotiating with our  Senate colleagues and this administration on a final bill we can both  support.   We have a good bill before us today. It makes important investments  in the health of our communities and our environment, and I urge my  colleagues to support it.   