 Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to increase  funding for the Air National Guard's Facility Modernization and  Sustainment account. I appreciate the support of the chairman for its  inclusion in en bloc No. 2 to the Defense Appropriations bill.   I am so proud of the work of the men and women in the National Guard,  including in my home state of Wisconsin.   Unfortunately, decrepit, outdated, and decaying Air National Guard  facilities are a disservice to the men and women who put on the  uniform.   They deserve facilities that are up-to-date and which will help  improve their ability to carry out their missions in defense of our  nation and their communities.   Yet, we know that such aging and inefficient facilities exist  nationwide including in my district where the 128th Air Refueling Wing  is operating out of a building which was built in 1970, has aging and  hard to maintain critical building systems and where much of the  current square footage is unusable. That's according to the Defense  Department. This is not an isolated story which is why I think an  increase here is necessary.   I appreciate the chairman, in his mark, for boosting funding for this  critical account. I applaud his recognition of the situation facing  many Air Guard units across the country and his commitment to putting  funding into this account.   But the needs simply continue to outpace available resources.   I am aware that there are National Guard units across our country  that have worthwhile projects directly related to military readiness  that they would like to pursue. This additional funding should be  prioritized for projects that can help increase mission readiness at  minimal additional costs to the taxpayers.   For example, projects that would give help Air Guard units take  advantage of and utilize available local assets such as national jet  fuel pipelines to provide instant access to additional fuel reserves  and provide a critical second, reliable, secure and convenient fuel  delivery method that would help ensure that strategic missions such as  refueling could continue uninterrupted should the primary method of  receiving fuel be disrupted.   Now that the House has approved my amendment, I would urge the  Defense Department to utilize these additional funds for needed  projects that directly sustain mission readiness and contribute to our  national defense. The reality is that there are plenty out there.   Again, I support the Chairman's mark and I am grateful for the  inclusion of my amendment to help enable more projects that can build  greater resiliency for execution of critical State and Federal Air  National Guard missions.   