 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, it is hard to overstate the  devastating effects of lengthening fire seasons across the United  States, especially in my home State of California.   I represent three diverse valleys in California's 25th Congressional  District, across northern Los Angeles and Ventura County, and all of  them have had significant wildfires and forest fires in the last year.   In fact, 2018 was the deadliest fire season in California's history.  According to CAL FIRE and the National Interagency Fire Center, 8,527  fires burned a total of 1,893,913 acres, the largest area on record.   Not only are these fires larger and more frequent, but they are also  hotter and more intense. Soon, the term ``fire tornadoes'' will be a  phrase that many people are familiar with.   My own house was evacuated last summer. We had to trailer my horse  and relocate my goats and dogs to my sister's house. My sister's house  was evacuated shortly thereafter. Sadly, this is not the first time I  or my family has had to evacuate. It has practically become a common  occurrence for people in areas like ours.   Two days after I found out that I would be coming to Washington to  represent my community, three people died in the Woolsey fire, part of  which burned through my district in Simi Valley.   We have to do more. I am thankful for the opportunity to put forth  this amendment that provides additional funds for wildland fire  management and hazardous fuels work. I am offering it to highlight the  funding that is already in this bill to prepare for, combat, and reduce  the risk of future catastrophic wildfires and to make sure we do more.   These funds are critical because when the Forest Service does not  have enough fire suppression funds, they have to borrow from mitigation  accounts to pay for fire suppression activities. This fire borrowing  delays the very activities that improve forest health and reduce  wildfire risk.   We cannot simply treat the effects. We have to treat the cause. But  prevention takes funding, and that is why this bill and this amendment  are so important.   For the first time, this bill includes $2.25 billion in fire cap  adjusted funds. These additional funds ensure that our firefighters  will have the resources they need to combat wildfires without fire  borrowing, meaning that we will invest in the prevention solutions that  we know work.   However, we will only have the cap adjusted funds for 2 years. We  must all work together to ensure that any budget agreement includes  fire cap adjusted funds for future budget years as well. That is how we  can make lasting change on this front.   For my community, for California, and for States across the country  experiencing the devastating effects of wildfires, I urge my colleagues  to support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum).    Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to  support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   