 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to take a moment as we honored  Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., on his  [[Page H668]]  90th birthday yesterday, and we continue to honor him throughout this  week and next Monday.   During this time, we recognize that we are in a society that is still  riddled with injustices. As Representatives, we have a duty to lift up  those who are marginalized and work to ensure that we continue a path  toward justice for every person. No person should ever feel less than  in the United States of America.   May we remember his legacy and his words and recommit to fighting for  justice and equality. May we also speak out loudly and unapologetically  about the ills of our society and work every single day to stay on the  right side of justice.   Madam Speaker, in regard to the government shutdown, I am very  passionate about making sure that we put a human face to this crisis,  so I rise today, during the 26th day of this reckless government  shutdown.   The real crisis here is the negative human impact. In the homes of  each of the Federal workers across this Nation, nearly a month without  pay. Our Federal workers are having to go to pawn shops to get cash to  live. This is not right.   Yes, there is a crisis for the families in my district who have  corporate polluters today in their backyards that do not have any EPA  inspectors monitoring our air quality.   Yes, there is a crisis for the families who are wondering if their  housing assistance will come next month from HUD.   The shutdown will have a long-lasting negative impact on our lives,  and it must end immediately.   Madam Speaker, I would like to take some time today to share stories  about residents in Michigan who are impacted directly.   Gregory Simpkins, who is president of the American Federation of  Government Employees Local 778, said four of the union's TSA employees  quit last week and three the week before. Right now, TSA employees are  deemed essential and still going to work but are not getting paid.   Ms. Wilson, one of our TSA employees, said the morale is so low she  has never seen anything like it. With personal budgets stretched, she  is afraid they will lose even more workers. One worker said to her that  he can't pay for gas money to get to work, and he is worried and scared  for the future of his family and for his life.   Federal environmental protection workers right now are not at work  protecting us, so when I think of this, I think of Line 5, which is a  very dangerous oil pipeline that threatens the drinking water supply  for Michiganders and our freshwater in the Great Lakes.   We are in trouble, Madam Speaker, because the computers that run that  model for emergency response is shut down during this crisis.   Mark Coryell, president of the American Federation of Government  Employees Local 3907, represents EPA workers who work in the Motor  Vehicle Emissions Laboratory in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He and his  colleagues are furloughed, meaning they are not working right now and  not getting their pay.   For the public, this means they are not working on regulations that  are now lagging because they are not showing up. Their lab certifies  fuel efficiency numbers automakers display when selling cars to ensure  that they protect our air quality and abide by the emission standards.   So, Madam Speaker, this is reckless and irresponsible. It is reckless  that Mitch McConnell's Senate cannot muster up the courage to reopen  the government.   Senator McConnell works for the American people. He has been missing  in action during this crisis. He doesn't work for the President of the  United States; he works for the American people. I ask him to stand up  and do what is right for all of us and for our Nation and to open up  government.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. Omar).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York  (Ms. Ocasio-Cortez).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California  (Mr. Levin).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Porter).    Madam Speaker, as you can see, there has been a huge  challenge among the American people across the country. In my district  alone, I have the third poorest congressional district, with ZIP Codes  with the worst air quality in the country.  [[Page H671]]    Many of the workers who are not showing up to work are directly  providing critical services to our residents back home. It is important  for us to see beyond, obviously, the numbers of 800,000 workers. What  were they doing? How were they providing for the American people? How  were they serving our Nation?   We to continue to be very focused on the fact that this is a huge  crisis that needs to be addressed, and we need the leadership of the  Senate to rise and to support the bills, the same ones we sent to them  before our January swearing in. They supported it then. I have no idea  why they haven't been able to pass again the same exact bills they  supported before we became the leaders in the majority in the House.   Madam Speaker, I, again, urge all of the Americans who are directly  impacted by the shutdown to please reach out to us. Seek out help.   As the gentlewoman from California said, we are here to serve you. We  are here to help you in any way that we can.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   