 Mr. Chair, today I rise in recognition of H.R.  3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act. This legislation  will serve as a critical improvement towards ensuring that essential  medications are finally affordable and accessible.   As the first registered nurse elected to Congress, I know how the  exorbitantly high prices of critical medications burden individuals and  their families. Americans should not have to  [[Page H10141]]  pay more for their medicines, when compared to the same ones sold by  pharmaceutical companies, for drastically lower prices in other  countries. lt is why I rise today in support of this bill, which  provides the authority, mandate, and tools for the Secretary of Health  and Human Services to negotiate lower drug prices and caps annual out- of-pocket costs in Medicare Part D.   The Congressional Budget Office has scored the Elijah E. Cummings  Lower Drug Costs Now Act to save our country $456 billion in the next  ten years. With these savings generated from lowering drug costs,  significant reinvestments will be made to reduce out-of-pocket costs,  close coverage gaps for Medicare beneficiaries, invest in critical  funding in innovative new treatments, and fight against our nation's  opioid crisis.   Specifically, I was very pleased to support the inclusion of Medicare  Part B coverage for dental, vision, and hearing benefits. For the  thousands of seniors in my district and throughout the state of Texas,  it is undeniable that this expansion of coverage will be lifechanging,  especially as our constituents encounter additional health challenges  associated with aging.   As a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, I am especially  vigilant in ensuring that minority communities which face higher rates  of diabetes can access life-saving medications and are not forced to  resort to rationing their insulin out of desperation. People living  with diabetes will be heartened to learn that the Lower Drug Costs Now  Act could potentially save them more than $700 on an annual supply of  certain types of insulin.   The benefits of the Lower Drug Costs Now Act will even extend to the  medical facilities we know and trust throughout our states. Our  community health centers and nonprofit hospitals will be able to access  the lowered negotiated drug prices because they qualify as providers of  services, suppliers, and employers.   This bill moves our nation forward in addressing the need for  accessible and affordable medications. However, it is prudent to note  that there remains much to be done. We must continue to advocate for  the inclusion of the uninsured population in these savings. Texas has  the highest rate of uninsured individuals in the nation. Therefore, the  lowered drug costs achieved in this bill will have limited impact in my  state for the uninsured.   As members of this body, we should all stand in support to lower drug  costs. I would like to especially honor the memory of my dear  colleague, the Honorable Elijah E. Cummings. It is altogether very  fitting that we recognize his long fight against high drug prices by  passing H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act, in his  memory.   