 Madam President, I call up substitute amendment No.  111, as modified, with changes at the desk.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  reading of the amendment be dispensed with.    Madam President, we are now on S. 47, our lands  package bill, and as we have heard, Senator Lankford's amendment has  just been called up. I am happy to speak to that, but I understand he  is in the process of coming back to the Hill. We will wait for his  arrival, and he can speak directly to his amendment.   I want to take just a couple of minutes, right off the top, and speak  to some of the broader provisions in this bill that I view as  significant. Interestingly, I was just visiting with our President pro  tempore, and he thanked me. He said thank you because we have a  provision that helps Council Bluffs, IA. It is something we have been  working on for a long time, and now it appears it will be finally  resolved through this legislation.   That is a prime example of what we have put together with this 100- plus package of land and water bills--bills that help sports men and  women, bills that help us with measures on conservation. It is a very  wide and broad effort, and yet so many of these provisions are very  local and very parochial. However, local issues can help with economic  development in a region, and I want to highlight how this package does  create economic opportunities in our communities across the country.   For example, when this bill is signed into law, Fannin County, in  rural Texas, will gain local control over the Lake Fannin Recreation  Area from the Forest Service. This recreation area right now, we are  told, is rundown. It has been closed to the public for many years. The  county is looking forward to actually taking ownership so it can  transform Lake Fannin into a multiuse recreation area, complete with  trails, playgrounds, and water recreation, allowing and encouraging  people to come and visit and enjoy.   We also include a provision for La Paz County in Arizona. This  conveys a parcel of Federal land to facilitate the development of a  large-scale solar project. It will also allow for a link to an electric  transmission line. This is going to be creating local jobs and is going  to be bringing renewable energy online to power many of our  communities. There is a great benefit there.   In Tucson, AZ, we removed bureaucratic obstacles to allow for the  city to operate a park. They have done this, apparently, for dozens of  years without the control of a Federal Agency. So when the local  citizens want to operate, perhaps, a farmer's market, they are not  going to have to jump over hurdles or be subjected to the whims of  Federal officials there. Instead, they are able to make these local  decisions. For heaven's sake, if they want to put a little farmer's  market in there, they shouldn't have to come to Congress to ask for  permission.   Another example--I mentioned this one before--is in South Dakota, in  Custer County. This is a conveyance that will allow the county to have  full ownership of all the lands on which it operates its airport. It  will allow the county to expand the airport so a little bit larger  aircraft can get into the airport.   Again, you want to think about economic opportunity. If you can't  bring more folks into your community, into your region, you are  limited. Conveyances like this--small-scale acreage that can allow for  that expansion of opportunity--are strong and are important. This is  yet another reminder as to the opportunities that we create for our  local communities.   We are also expanding and designating new areas of off-highway  vehicle recreation in the Mojave Desert, which is out in San Bernardino  County in California. The OHV recreation is a growing sector in the  outdoor recreation economy. It is so important to a lot of our  communities.   We also encourage Agencies to look for new opportunities for fishing,  for  [[Page S1102]]  hunting, and for recreation on our Federal lands. Again, this is a  very, very significant sector in our economy as consumer spending by  hunters and anglers and target shooters supports over 1.6 million jobs  and about $71.8 billion in salaries per year. Of course, there is that  ripple effect then to the larger communities when you are able to bring  in folks to enjoy these areas. This is just a further example of how we  really work to create new economic opportunities and why this lands  package is so important.   We are creating economic opportunities, but we also fix a lot of  problems. That is one of the things that we try to do on the Energy and  Natural Resources Committee. Sometimes problems are created because you  just didn't even know that it was actually your Federal Government or  your land disposition that was causing any form of impediment, but we  really do work with a number of these provisions to help to solve real  problems with Federal land management.   There is one example that, I think, my friends from Louisiana will  appreciate, and this relates to the situation at Lake Bistineau--I hope  I am pronouncing that right--sponsored by Senator Cassidy.   Back in 2017, there were a couple of residents who wrote to Senator  Cassidy. They were outlining their problem, and they wrote: Look, our  family purchased our land, our minerals, our home, in the subject  section over 13 years ago after we retired.   They go on to write: We have lived in our home on the land ever  since. There were no contrary claims or clouds on the title to the  property when we purchased it. Therefore, we were disturbed to discover  that the government felt it had a claim to our title.   That would be kind of a bummer of a letter to receive when you have  been living there for over a dozen years, and now you find out, well,  maybe you don't have a clear title there.   Lake Bistineau has a long and a very complicated history with the  Federal Government. The land in question was conveyed by the Federal  Government to the local levee district in 1901. Then it was  subsequently deeded to private individuals. Yet, in the 1960s, the BLM  resurveyed the land, and then it realized the boundary line was  incorrect. That survey led to the determination that about 200 acres of  land that were currently held privately were actually Federal land.  That is a real problem, of course.   As the letter to Senator Cassidy went on, they wrote: Just a few  years ago, we had the property listed for sale. Once a suggested claim  was made by the BLM in its 2013 letter, the potential contract on the  property fell through.   Again, this is a situation of people who had been living happily in  their home for a period of time and decided that they were going to be  moving on but now were limited--handcuffed. They had no idea that this  was a problem that they had to deal with.   It is not just they. There were more than 100 private landowners in  Louisiana who were impacted by this. This is regarding land that has  been held under a private title for over a century now--places where  people have built their homes, their businesses, their lives--and now  it is unclear where exactly everybody stands. In the case of Lake  Bistineau, our bill clarifies ownership of the land and prevents the  Federal Government from ever claiming it in the future.   I think, as people go through this to look at individual bills that  we have included, that these are the types of things that really help  people. They help improve people's lives, and they help improve our  local economies. Unfortunately, sometimes it literally takes an act of  Congress to clear up whether these are problems or impediments to our  opportunities. Again, what we have managed to address within the  structure of this bill is very, very important.   I want to address the issue that will be before us this afternoon,  and that is a conversation about the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   As I mentioned, Senator Lankford's amendment is before us, and I  wanted to kind of put in context what it is that we have done within  our lands package proposal and the title that relates to the LWCF, as  we call it. This is in title III. Effectively, what the Land and Water  Conservation Fund establishes and what our provision does is to make  permanent the authorization within the LWCF. So we deposit oil and gas  receipts into the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   Also within our bill, we make some commonsense reforms to the LWCF  Act. This is something that, in my view, has been a long time in  coming. We have had good collaboration going back and forth as to how  we can make these reforms and also allow for this important  conservation fund to be authorized permanently going forward.   There is a little bit of history here. The LWCF was enacted to help  to preserve, to develop, and to assure access to outdoor recreation  resources. It is kind of a paper trust fund that accumulates revenues  from the Federal motorboat fuel tax and surplus property sales and then  to supplement these sources to reach the annualized level of $900  million, which is what the authorized figure is. It is not a figure  that we have reached historically. That is for sure. The fund also  accumulates revenue from oil and gas leases from the Outer Continental  Shelf, or the OCS. As we see those revenues come in, those revenues  from the fossil fuel then go to fund an account, if you will--the LWCF  fund--to help with conservation, and whether States are moving forward  with conservation efforts or Federal entities are, it helps to fund  that.    The authorization to deposit oil and gas receipts into the LWCF  expired on September 30, 2018, at the end of this past fiscal year. We  have to make sure that those LWCF funds are moved, are made available,  but the moneys in the fund are only available if they are appropriated  by Congress. Currently, we have an unappropriated balance of just over  $20 billion in the LWCF. So some have said: Oh, my gosh. The  authorization expired in September, and nothing is happening within the  LWCF.   In fairness, those funds are still coming in. What we need to do is  to make sure that they are then available for distribution and for  appropriation, and that is what we will do with this authorization.   The amendments to the LWCF in this bill are, again, very important to  the structure of the fund, and they are well supported in the Senate.  We have been focusing on this expiration date and the deposits to the  LWCF for a long, long time. I think we have had kind of this stop-and- go approach of: How long are we going to reauthorize the LWCF? Is it 2  years? Is it 3 years? Is it permanent? Is it not?   We go back and forth and forth and back. Let's come to the place  where we can accept that this conservation fund is important on a host  of different levels, but let's also work to make sure that we have  reformed, in a sense, how we utilize this fund. Through this measure,  we are making the authorization permanent, and spending from the LWCF  still remains subject to appropriations.   Let me just outline some of the reforms that we have included. In  fairness, they don't go as far as I would like them to, but they  clearly reflect a bipartisan-bicameral agreement. I will go into a  little more history again.   The 1965 authorization for the LWCF--the original authorization-- provided that States would receive 60 percent of the funding and that  the Federal Agencies would receive 40 percent. So where the State side  dollars have gone in the past is to outdoor recreation facilities, and  these have been in areas where people generally live--around the local  city playgrounds, baseball fields, local fishing holes, and State  parks. Certainly, in States like mine, what we are able to do with the  State parks with the LWCF moneys is really, very, very beneficial and  very much appreciated.   We set it up in 1965. In 1976, Congress stripped this 60-40 split  from the act. The question there is, Why? The ``because'' is that there  was concern in Congress that by increasing the authorization level to  $900 million, some States would have difficulty in meeting the 50-50  match required to receive the funds. In an effort to provide some  flexibility there, Congress then replaced the 60-40 State-Federal split  with the current language, which provides that not less than 40 percent  of the appropriations from the LWCF should be for Federal purposes. So  we have gone from, basically, a guarantee that the States would get 60  percent of  [[Page S1103]]  the funding to, really, kind of flipping that and saying not less than  40 percent goes to Federal purposes.   What happened was not really the result that the Congress had  intended. According to the Congressional Research Service, over the  last 25 years, what we have seen is that over 84 percent of the funds  have gone to Federal purposes, primarily for land acquisition. Because  we don't have that more clearly defined split, now we are seeing that  Federal acquisition increase significantly.   When we talk about the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act these  days, it is almost always about the Federal land acquisition side. In  my view, that is disappointing, and that is not the direction that I  would like. I think so many have seemed to have forgotten about the  very, very pivotal role that the States have in conservation and  outdoor recreation under the act.   What we do in our LWCF section is to recognize that States are the  leaders on recreation and conservation. We aim to restore the balance  to the State-Federal split by ensuring that at least 40 percent of the  LWCF funds have to be allocated to the State side program. We want to  try to get back to a greater level of equity instead of what we have  had--again, over 84 percent of the funds going to Federal purposes.   We also recognize the importance of access to existing Federal lands.  In our measure, we amend the LWCF to set aside the greater of 3 percent  or $15 million per year to improve access for sportsmen and other  recreation opportunities. For those of us in a sportsmen community--for  those of us who are hunters, for those of us who are fishermen--access  to these lands is really, really important. We don't want to just have  them and not be able to utilize them. Whether it is going out and  hiking or going out and fishing, these are the traditions that we have.  Being out on these Federal lands is the importance, and we recognize  that in this legislation.   I have made no secret of the fact that I worry about what many would  consider to be unfettered land acquisition by the Federal Government.  In my State, the Federal Government controls almost 224 million acres.  To put it into context, Alaska is pretty big. You know how big it is.  It is the biggest out there. It is one-fifth the size of the United  States of America. About 63 percent of our lands are held in Federal  ownership. To put it in another context, that is about one-third larger  than all of Texas. So all of our Federal lands are about one-third  larger than all of Texas. It is a lot.   Large amounts of Federal lands within a State give the Federal  Government outsized influence in what happens in these States. So, to  begin to address these issues, the LWCF section that is contained in  our bipartisan product requires the resource Secretaries to consider  conservation easements instead of fee title acquisitions, where  appropriate and feasible, and this will help to keep lands in private  ownership and as working lands. This is a measure that my colleague  from South Dakota has been pushing and advancing.   In addition, we also amend the LWCF to require the Agencies to take  into account certain considerations in acquiring land. This is like the  geographic distribution--whether the acquisition would result in  management efficiencies and cost savings. We know that we have this  kind of checkerboard pattern of Federal lands, so being smart about our  acquisitions to develop efficiencies is the direction we seek to take  with this measure.   As you can see, we put a lot of work into the provision. We have  focused very keenly on LWCF, recognizing the priority that it is to so  many. I think we have tried to find that balance between reforms that  are workable and reforms that acknowledge the role our States play and  to put some contours on the LWCF that I think Members can appreciate  and support.   I see that my friend, my colleague from South Dakota, is here. I  don't know--maybe he wants to talk about that little airport in Custer  County. I have never been there, but hopefully it is going to make a  little bit of a difference to him. There are a couple hundred acres  that are conveyed to Custer County.   I yield to my friend from South Dakota.   I will be speaking about these and others measures as they come to  the floor.   Thank you.    Madam President, for the awareness of Senators, they  should expect a vote in relation to the Lankford amendment No. 158  sometime around 1:30 this afternoon--so just in a little bit here.  Then, next in the queue will be Senator Lee's amendment No. 162. We  hope to have a vote on that amendment around 2 o'clock. There is a  lengthy Judiciary hearing that is still underway, and we want to  accommodate that.   Both of these amendments are related to the Land and Water  Conservation Fund I just spoke about a few moments ago. I just wanted  to give Members a heads-up.    Mr. President, we have before us now the pending  amendment. This is the Lankford amendment regarding the use of LWCF  funds for deferred maintenance. This amendment acknowledges and, I  think, attempts to address what we are dealing with in a deferred  maintenance backlog. We all recognize that it is an issue and a  problem. What Senator Lankford has done is specifically to direct 5  percent of funds distributed from LCWF to deferred maintenance. It also  requires that any new Federal lands acquisitions allow for maintenance  needs at the time of acquisition.   I think we would all agree that we have a very real problem with  deferred maintenance on our Nation's public lands. We think about the  National Park Service most often, which has an $11.6 billion backlog,  and it is not just the National Park Service. It is the National  Wildlife Refuge, BLM, and the Forest Service. So this is an issue, and  we have been working within the committee to address this. There have  been numerous bills that have come before our committee. We are working  with the administration, and we know we have to address it.   This proposed amendment is clearly an effort to do that, and I  appreciate what Senator Lankford has done in focusing our attention on  this significant maintenance backlog and the need to plan for routine  and ongoing maintenance in any new acquisition.   So I am standing before our colleagues saying: I understand where  Senator Lankford wants to take us, I appreciate it, I agree with him,  but given where we are right now with this package and how it has come  together, knowing that we will have, I think, significant opposition,  whether it is on the other side or in the other body, it is viewed as  detrimental to what we have put together.   So I am reluctantly going to be opposing the Lankford amendment, but,  again, I want to make sure that we all take this on as an issue to  address in a way that is rational, sound, and reasonable going forward  into the future.    Mr. President, I move to table the Lankford amendment  No. 158, and I request the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I stand to object to the amendment of  my friend from Utah.   We recognize the significance and importance of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. There has been an effort for reauthorization back  and forth over the years.   Within this measure before us, we have not only permanently  authorized LWCF, but we have included significant reforms--reforms that  I believe are necessary and reforms that I think the Senator from Utah  would agree are good in terms of getting more resources to the State  side and making sure that there are better ways to account for the  funds.   I now have an opportunity to move to table the Lee amendment No. 162  and would encourage Members to vote on this tabling motion in the  affirmative.   What we have collaborated to build at this point in time is a  necessary fix to address the continuation of the LWCF, and I ask for  Members' support.    Mr. President, I move to table Lee amendment 162.   I ask for the yeas and nays.    I ask for the yeas and nays on the substitute  amendment No. 111.    Mr. President, I call up Murkowski amendment No. 112.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the  amendment be dispensed with.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   