 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which is  aimed at ensuring that a voter is not confused or misled by a bad  ballot design that could lead to that voter overlooking a race--that is  called an undervote--or even voting for the wrong candidate.   I want to explain the problem, Madam Chair, and then what I suggest  is the remedy because, unfortunately, I have seen a bad ballot design  basically cause chaos in my home State of Florida in two recent past  elections.   First, I want to go back to the 2000 Presidential race, Gore v. Bush,  where a very--unfortunately, a famous--poorly designed butterfly ballot  confused voters in Palm Beach County. Many elderly citizens who thought  they were voting for Al Gore actually voted for Pat Buchanan.   Why was this significant? Because we had a Presidential race where 6  million voters voted and it was decided by 500-plus votes, and Pat  Buchanan got an unexpected 3,400 votes in a very liberal Palm Beach  County.   Then, again, just recently in the 2018 midterms, again, in a very  close Senate race, this time a race that was about a 12,000-vote  margin, more than 30,000 voters in Broward County did not make  [[Page H2540]]  a choice in a U.S. Senate race. It is arguable that this is because the  Senate candidates' names were under a set of long instructions, and  according to experts, people don't read long instructions, and then  they overlooked this Senate race.   So this amendment makes a good attempt to remedy this situation. It  would allow States to use the election assistance grants that are now  being authorized by H.R. 1 to improve ballot designs. Although our  Election Assistance Commission publishes best practices and guidelines  how to design a good ballot, these guidelines are voluntary, and local  election administrators often face difficulties in trying to translate  the best practices into the real world.   So with the funds provided by this amendment, States will be allowed  to use their election assistance grants to create programs to train  workers, research, model, and implement ballots designed by the best  practices. This promises Americans the chance to cast their vote for  their intended candidate.   We have seen problems with bad ballots. They are not just theoretical  hiccups. They can and will, literally, swing elections.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I just want to say that this amendment is  very simple.   You do not want elections with asterisks. Voters should be able to  vote for the candidate they intend to vote for. There should be no  confusion because of the ballot.   Madam Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Lofgren).    Madam Chair, I thank the chairwoman for her comments,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   