 Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss the basic and dire  human right that so many of us take for granted, the right to a safe  and stable home.   Last week, families across this country gathered around in their  dining rooms to give thanks and break bread, but many families in my  home district were not sitting around for a holiday dinner. Instead,  they were facing an indescribable tragedy. The day before Thanksgiving,  a fire broke out in a 25-story public housing building in the Cedar- Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis where I grew up. Five people lost  their lives. And more than a week later residents are still in the  hospital recovering from their injuries.   After the brave men and women of the local fire department cleared  the scene and controlled the blaze, we discovered an almost  unbelievable reality. These homes were not equipped with sprinklers.  You see, these buildings are so old that it is exempt from laws that  require such lifesaving equipment.   And that isn't the only egregious safety issue that our public  housing residents are forced to endure.   There has been a ban on building new public housing since the 1990s.  In fact, the Cedar-Riverside building that sustained the fire was built  in the 1960s. And the Federal Government has been underfunding the  repair and maintenance needs of the homes for years. In Minnesota, the  backlog of repair needs totals over $300 million. So not only are these  homes half a century old, they are practically being held together with  little more than hope and masking tape.   Make no mistake, we, as lawmakers, bear responsibility for the  deplorable conditions of our public housing and for the deplorable and  unsafe conditions that millions of Americans are living in today. This  is our fault. The Federal Government has all but abandoned public  housing.    We cannot continue to pretend that we can't see the crumbling  buildings in our districts. We can't continue to ignore the hundreds of  thousands who experience homelessness because of waiting lists for  housing assistance. And it goes beyond the homeless population.   Millions of Americans are living every single day in fear of  eviction. Twelve million Americans are paying more than half of their  income in rent, and about 6,300 people are evicted every single day.   How can we in Congress call ourselves leaders if we continue to  ignore this crisis?   I, for one, refuse to continue down that path. It is time for a bold  and progressive solution.   I will be introducing legislation that ensures every public housing  unit in this country is equipped with sprinklers, so that we never see  another devastating tragedy like the one that befell the residents of  my district. And we will be demanding accountability from HUD,  requiring the agency to report on exactly how many units are not fitted  with sprinklers and how much money the agency needs to fix this glaring  hazard. But that is not enough.   Last month I introduced Homes for All Act, which would make an  historic investment of $1 trillion in public housing and low-income  housing and build a record 12 million new homes over the next 10 years.   My bill would also ensure that public housing residents are  guaranteed access to important wraparound services like employment  assistance, child care, and financial literacy courses.   And just as important, my bill would make sure that public housing  funding is a mandatory part of our Federal budget, meaning that the  government wouldn't be able to abandon these new homes or neglect their  upkeep. Public housing would now be treated like any other important  guaranteed source of assistance, like Social Security and Medicare.   While my legislation is bold, it is also absolutely necessary. Every  human being has a right to a safe and affordable home. And without an  historic investment in our public housing stock and greater  accountability for the safety of our residents, we will continue to  face tragedies like the ones that claimed the lives of five people in  Cedar-Riverside last week. We cannot let that happen, and I will not  let that happen.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib for allowing this  conversation to take place today.   