 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise in support of my amendment,  which would set aside a further $5 million for the Minority AIDS  Initiative Fund.   HIV/AIDS remains a major problem in this country, with approximately  1.1 million people currently living with the disease, 130,000 of whom  reside in the State of Florida, and over 26,000 in Miami-Dade alone. It  is estimated that there are 40,000 new diagnoses every year, with  racial and ethnic minorities making up three of four new cases.   Despite advances in medicine and research and progress combating this  issue nationwide, in Miami, this trend is going in the wrong direction.  The rate of new diagnoses in the Miami area is three times the national  average, the highest rate of anywhere in the country.   It is critical that we devote the necessary resources to curb the  spread of this disease and provide care for those living with HIV/AIDS.  The Minority AIDS Initiative Fund plays a crucial role in addressing  key health disparities by bringing Federal, State, and community  organizations together to test innovative solutions and address  emerging needs in communities impacted by this epidemic.   My amendment will help support further efforts to improve access to  HIV prevention and care services for racial and ethnic minorities. In  its current capacity, the program supports more than 33 projects and  130 community partners across the country. This increase in funding  would not only expand on the successful initiatives, but  [[Page H4622]]  also support new ventures addressing the spread of HIV/AIDS in  underserved populations.   For example, in my home district, the organization Prevention305 is  helping combat this epidemic by increasing awareness of and access to  PrEP medication, a key tool that greatly reduces the spread of HIV.   It is critical that we continue to provide for such innovative  initiatives that help prevent the spread of this disease and provide  quality care for those infected by HIV/AIDS.   I ask my colleagues today to join me in the fight to end this  epidemic once and for all and provide the relief to those living with  or impacted by this disease.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   