 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to conclude their remarks before the  vote begins: Senator Jones, Senator Collins, Senator Thune, and Senator  Inhofe.    Thank you.    Mr. President, I am delighted to join my friend and  colleague from Alabama, Senator Jones, to urge support for the final  passage of the National Defense Authorization Act, which finally-- finally--contains repeal of what is commonly called the military  widow's tax.   I want to commend Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed for  including this important provision in the bill and for their excellent  job in crafting the legislation overall.   This significant bill contains numerous provisions critical to our  national security and important to the great State of Maine, but right  now I want to join my colleague Senator Jones in celebrating and  highlighting one long-fought-for provision, and that is the repeal of  the Survivor Benefit Plan and Dependency and Indemnity Compensation  offset, commonly referred to as the military widow's tax.   Let me explain exactly what the problem is. Many military retirees  purchase, with their own money, a form of insurance called the Survivor  Benefit Plan. If they subsequently die of a military-connected illness,  their surviving spouse qualifies for a dependency and indemnity  compensation benefit from the VA.   Unfortunately, these two programs are offset dollar for dollar for  our military families. This makes no sense. The retirees are paying for  this extra insurance with their own money.   The NDAA will finally remedy this inequity, this burdensome  unfairness, and it will permit as many as 67,000 surviving spouses,  including more than 260 in Maine, to begin collecting the full survivor  benefits they are entitled to once it is fully phased in.   The average offset to the SBP amounts to more than $11,000 per year.  That is a significant amount of money that a widow or widower needs to  help support their families and themselves.   I would like to again recommend and thank Senator Jones for his  strong advocacy and unceasing leadership, as  [[Page S7069]]  well as the countless military spouses and veteran advocates, the  veteran service organizations that helped push this effort over the  finish line this year.   This year, these dedicated advocates helped Senator Jones and I  secure a record number of cosponsors to our bill to repeal the widow's  tax--78 Senators and 383 House Members.   As Senator Jones was mentioning, that is phenomenal and shows the  strong bipartisan support to correct this unfairness.   Often I am reminded by military commanders of the saying that you  recruit the soldier, but you retain the family. We have an obligation  to make sure we are taking care of our military families who have  sacrificed so much.   I urge all of our colleagues to support final passage of the NDAA and  to finally put an end to the military widow's tax.   