 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1595, the SAFE  Banking Act, sponsored by Representatives Ed Perlmutter, Denny Heck,    Steve Stivers, and Warren Davidson. Let me say to all of these  individuals who have worked so long and so hard on this legislation, I  am proud of the work that they have done; I am proud of the cooperation  that they have demonstrated; and I am proud to be on this floor with  them today.   This bipartisan bill addresses a pressing public safety issue for  businesses that legally grow, market, or sell cannabis in States that  have legalized its use and that are currently forced to operate with  cash only. Forty-seven States, three territories, and D.C. have  legalized some form of marijuana, and it is time for Congress to act.   Cannabis-related businesses are locked out of the banking system and  cannot maintain checking accounts, process payroll obligations, or pay  taxes. The Financial Services Committee heard testimony in February  that these cash-only businesses and their employees have become targets  for violent criminals.   The SAFE Banking Act addresses this serious problem by providing a  safe harbor to financial institutions that choose to serve State- regulated cannabis businesses. The bill would also help others, like  plumbers or electricians who provide services to cannabis businesses,  who face similar challenges with access to banking services. With the  passage of this bill, all of these businesses will gain access to  traditional financial services that most businesses take for granted.   H.R. 1595 also promotes diversity and inclusion, with several  reporting provisions to help Congress monitor that minority-owned and  women-owned cannabis businesses get access to credit they need and have  a fair chance to compete.   As I have said before and I say here on the floor today, this bill is  but one important piece of what should be a comprehensive series of  cannabis reform bills.   I have long fought for criminal justice reform and deeply understand  the need to fully address the historical racial and social inequities  related to the criminalization of marijuana.   I support legislation like Representatives Lee's Marijuana Justice  Act and Chairman Nadler's MORE Act that would de-schedule marijuana  federally and provide assistance, such as job training and reentry  services, for those who have been harmed by the war on drugs.   Let me be clear. It is long overdue for Congress to address the  unjust criminalization of marijuana use. So I eagerly look forward to  the Judiciary Committee sending the legislation to the House floor  soon.   I thank Representatives Perlmutter and Heck for their longstanding  leadership on this issue for the past 6 years.   I urge all Members to vote ``yes'' on the bill and, when we get the  legislation from the Judiciary Committee, to do all of those things  that I have spoken about here, what is considered justice for those who  have been harmed by some of the laws that cause people to  [[Page H7970]]  be incarcerated. We eagerly look forward to that legislation. We urge  the Judiciary Committee to send it to the floor so that we can support  it.   