 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I rise to pay tribute to our  longtime Democratic Policy Communications Committee staff member, Doug  Connolly, who will be retiring at the end of the month with an  impressive 33 years of working for the committee and working for the  Senate. I am pleased to have Doug with me today on the floor.   For a moment, think back to 1986. A couple of top songs that year  were ``Stuck With You'' by Huey Lewis and the News and ``Manic Monday''  by the Bangles. The top movie that year was ``Top Gun,'' and the  average price of a movie ticket was $3.71. I don't know if we remember  those, but it has been a while.  [[Page S7038]]    In Washington, the Senate voted to allow its proceedings to be  televised on C-SPAN that year. A young graduate of the University of  Michigan and veteran of Paul Simon's first Senate campaign began  working for what was then called the Democratic Policy Committee.   A lot of things have changed since then. We are all a little bit  older, and C-SPAN has broadcast more than a few hours of Senate floor  proceedings. However, one thing hasn't changed: Doug is still as  dedicated to public service as he was on his first day of work 33 years  ago. I have been personally so impressed by Doug's work ethic, though  not surprised. After all, he grew up in a hard-working auto family in  Rochester, MI.    Over the years, Doug's work ethic has benefited a number of folks you  have heard of, including Senator Robert Byrd, Senator Tom Daschle,  Senator Byron Dorgan, Senator Chuck Schumer, and Senator Harry Reid,  whose website he designed.   Doug's computer skills are legendary and haven't just benefited the  Democratic caucus. They have benefited the Nation as a whole. Doug  actually wrote the computer program that the Senate Library and the  Senate Historian rely on to keep track of votes. That is important  information for the American public to know.   Thanks to Doug, we know that since Doug has worked in the Senate,  there have been 11,114 votes cast. Only Senator Leahy, Senator  Grassley, and Senator McConnell have been around long enough to have  cast all of them.   When Doug isn't crunching numbers, he is a voracious reader and a  devoted father and husband. He is extremely proud of his children. His  son Nick is getting his doctoral degree in mathematics at the  University of Iowa. His daughter Caitlin earned her degree in  anthropology from St. Mary's College in Maryland and is an intern with  the Smithsonian Institution.   Doug's wife Brenda has him slightly beat on career longevity. She has  worked in the House of Representatives for 34 years, and every day Doug  walks over to the House side so that they can have lunch together.  Pretty soon, however, their lunch dates might be on a beach. Doug is  retiring this month, and he hopes to be spending a lot of time scuba  diving in the Caribbean.   Doug, thank you so much for your hard work, your creativity, and your  33 years of public service. The committee has been incredibly lucky to  have you, and all of us will miss working with you. I think it is  fitting that after more than three decades of spending so much time  reading the Congressional Record, now your name will be in it. We all  wish you and your family much happiness in your next chapter.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   