 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support for the Restoring  Tax Fairness for States and Localities Act.   Over the last year, I have heard a resounding message from Orange  County families, from Republicans, Democrats, and Independents alike.  We must repeal the harmful SALT limits included in Trump's tax law.   When that law capped State and local tax deductions, it raised taxes  on tens of thousands of Orange County families.   The average SALT deduction in my district is over $22,000, and by  capping the deduction at only $10,000--less than half that amount-- Orange County families are being double taxed on the money they earned.  The SALT cap also imposes a marriage penalty, and it is, therefore,  antifamily.   Reversing SALT is bipartisan. I heard this in April when I held a tax  townhall in April. My constituents simply could not understand why  Republicans and Democrats could not come together to address the SALT  problem and help middle-class families in California while Halliburton,  Amazon, and Chevron paid no Federal income tax in 2018.    Our families should not be penalized by double taxation.   I thank Chairmen Neal and Thompson for their work on this important  bill, and I urge support from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle.    Madam Speaker, when Congress enacted the first income tax  in 1861, in the midst of the Civil War, it included the first exemption  for State and local taxes.   President Trump's tax law violated our Nation's long-held views of  States' rights and a limited Federal Government.   It has long been accepted in America that we do not tax the same  income twice. Federal taxation must not crowd out the taxes needed to  support critical State and local functions like good schools, roads,  and bridges. That principle was first stated in the Federalist Papers.  It is a core component of States' rights, and it was attacked by  Trump's tax law.   The SALT deduction expresses the longstanding American preference of  local solutions to local problems.   President Trump's tax law hurts California communities. By limiting  the deductibility of State and local taxes, the Trump tax law was a  direct threat to States and communities that are investing in local  services. Over the long-term, it will cause local governments to slash  revenue that funds schools, healthcare, transit, parks, and first  responders.   This bill will not only help middle-class families, but it will  expand tax relief for educators by doubling the tax credit from $250 to  $500. It will create a new tax credit for first responders, the people  who put their lives on the line every day to serve us.   I am heartened that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want  to work on a progressive income tax. I am heartened that they want to  tax billionaires and ultramillionaires and champion a progressive tax  system that addresses income inequality.   But this vote today is about principle. It is about standing up for  the principle that States and localities are able to fund the services  that are most crucial to their communities.   