 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of my colleague  Representative Schrier's Stronger Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment  Act, which increases funding for under-resourced child protection  agencies.   I am particularly proud that we could reach bipartisan agreement on a  top priority of mine in this bill, which is ensuring that State plans  of safe care for infants exposed to substances in utero do not unfairly  target pregnant women who need to remain on medication in order to stay  healthy.   Prior to 2016, States only developed plans of safe care for infants  exposed to illegal substances in utero. It became clear during the  opioid crisis that we needed to look at the abuse of legal drugs during  pregnancy.   In 2016, Congress updated the law to ensure that all infants and  families impacted by substance abuse could get the care they need.  Unfortunately, as an unintended consequence, some States are now  referring all infants exposed to substances in utero to child  protective services and opening CPS investigations even if the mom was  using the substance in a treatment plan that was prescribed by a  doctor.   In some States, new mothers using antidepressants during pregnancy  are being referred automatically to CPS for investigation. This is not  only unjust but also a waste of limited resources.   Untreated depression during pregnancy is linked to premature birth,  low birth weight, and developmental problems, not to mention increased  risk of postpartum depression and poor health for pregnant mothers.   There is already incredible stigma that prevents people from seeking  treatment for mental illness, with communities of color facing greater  barriers to that treatment.   What is more, mothers who made a safe choice to transition to  medication-assisted treatment for opioid withdrawal shouldn't  automatically be investigated by CPS.   I am so grateful to Representative Guthrie on the other side of the  aisle, the chair and ranking member, and experts in pediatric medicine  for finding a solution. This bill clarifies that CPS will only  undertake an investigation when the findings of a family assessment  warrant it, not when moms are simply following their doctors' advice to  stay healthy.   Stronger CAPTA will prevent unnecessary trauma to families.   