 Madam Speaker, let me begin by thanking Speaker  Pelosi for making the Dream and Promise Act one of the top 10  Democratic priorities for the people and the Judiciary Committee for  all their hard work on this bill.   As coauthor of H.R. 6, I rise in strong support of the rule and the  Dream and Promise Act. I will focus primarily on the Dream portion of  the bill.   Eighteen years ago, I was coauthor of the original DREAM Act, known  as the Student Adjustment Act. Today's vote on H.R. 6 is a major  milestone in a long fight to protect Dreamers who are part of the  fabric of our American society.   This bill eliminates the fear of deportation, which each day haunts  2.1 million Dreamers at school, at work, and as they care for their  families.   I represent 24,000 Dreamers, the largest number of Dreamers of any  congressional district. I think of these talented and patriotic  Dreamers and the barriers that they have overcome to build lives and  families in America, the only country they call home. I think of the  courage that they have shown by standing up and sharing their stories  of endurance, resourcefulness, sacrifice, and heartbreak.   Dreamers exemplify American values and what it means to pursue the  American Dream.   I think of Dreamers like Yasmin, who was raised in a mixed status  family and watched her father fight against a serious illness. This  experience inspired her to help others. She is now studying to be a  physician's assistant, serving patients like her father.   H.R. 6 will enable Dreamers like Yasmin to reach their full  potential, contribute to their community, and help ensure America is a  stronger and greater nation.   Dreamers like Yasmin are why Democrats, Republicans, and Independents  all support our Dreamers, as well as businesses, organized labor, faith  groups, educators, health professionals, and former Cabinet officials,  among others.   This broad and unprecedented coalition of support highlights the fact  that this is not a partisan issue. This is about who we are as  Americans and what is in the best interests of our country.   Just like generations of immigrants before them, these incredible  young people are vital to the well-being of our Nation. According to  the Center for American Progress, each year, Dreamers contribute $17.3  billion in Federal taxes and nearly $9.7 billion in State and local  taxes, and their households have $75 billion in buying power.    Madam Speaker, we cannot afford to lose the Dreamers' talents and  valuable contributions to our country. Let's make the dream a reality  once and for all. I call on my colleagues to pass the Dream and Promise  Act today.    Madam Speaker, let me begin by thanking my  cosponsors, Nydia Velazquez and Yvette Clarke, Judiciary Chairman  Nadler, Chairman Lofgren, the Judiciary Committee, and especially  Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal for the extraordinary work they did in  bringing this bill to the floor.   Today is truly a historic day for our country. It will be the first  time the House of Representatives will pass a Dream Act under regular  order, sending a strong message that Dreamers and TPS and DED  recipients truly belong in America and contribute greatly to its  success.   The American Dream and Promise Act is landmark legislation that will  provide 2.1 million Dreamers with hope, security, and the opportunity  to become American citizens.    We would not be here today without the tireless work of Dreamers and  TPS and DED recipients who bravely and publicly shared their stories  with Members of Congress and our Nation. Their stories of endurance,  resourcefulness, and heartbreak, coupled with their love of America, is  what inspired me in 2001  [[Page H4275]]  to introduce the first Dream bill, a bipartisan bill known as the  Student Adjustment Act, with former Congressmen Howard Berman and Chris  Cannon.   One such story is of Josue, a student studying aerospace engineering.  He dreams of contributing to the advancement of space exploration and  is one of many Dreamers who will produce a new generation of scientific  research that will help shape our country's future.   Another Dreamer is Carolina, who hopes to become a teacher, serving  as a role model, as her high school teacher did for her.   And there is Julio, who is working toward a psychology degree and  whose goal is to serve historically underrepresented and marginalized  students as a community college counselor.   This is just a sampling of Dreamers whose stories exemplify American  values, talents, and a desire to give back to their community and the  only country they know as home.   Although Dreamers live under the veil of fear and uncertainty, they  still contribute over $17.3 billion in Federal taxes and nearly $9.7  billion in State and local taxes each year. Their households have $75  billion in buying power.   The reality is TPS and DED recipients and our Nation's Dreamers make  our Nation stronger with the contributions they make to our economy and  our American society. We cannot afford to lose or hinder their talents,  resilience, and contributions to our Nation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   