 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to defy the horrifying attacks  happening against women's reproductive rights all across this country.   Religious fundamentalists are currently trying to manipulate the  State laws in order to impose their beliefs on an entire society, all  with complete disregard for voices and the rights of American women.   The recent efforts like those in Alabama and Georgia are only the  latest in a long history of efforts to criminalize women for simply  existing and to punish us when we don't conform to their attempts to  control us. And a new proposal in Texas would go as far as to threaten  women who obtain an abortion with capital punishment.   If that were being proposed by any other country, we would be calling  it a dangerous violation of human rights. But because it is happening  here with the support of the ultraconservative religious right, we call  it religious freedom. It is simply unthinkable.   But this anti-choice movement isn't only unjust, it is dangerous  because history has proven that when abortion is criminalized, the  number of abortions do not simply go down. The number of deaths and  injuries to women increase.   Let's just be honest. For the religious right, this isn't simply  about their care or concern for life. If they cared about or were  concerned about children, then they would be concerned about the  children who are being detained and those who are dying in camps across  our borders or the children who are languishing in hunger and facing  homelessness.   This isn't about religious morality or conviction, because we have  seen time and time again those who talk about their faith and want to  push policies because of their faith are the ones who simply are caught  with the hypocrisy of not living it out in their personal lives.   I just remember recently, not too long ago, a Republican Congressman  who had to retire, Tim Murphy, because he asked his mistress to abort  their baby while pushing for a ban on abortion. Or I remember the anti- LGBT rights Republican, Larry Craig, who was found soliciting sex in a  bathroom in a Minneapolis airport.   I am frustrated every single time I hear people speaking about their  faith and pushing that on to other people, because we know those so- called religious politicians, when it comes to their life and their  choices, they want to talk about freedom, but when it comes to other  people's lives and other people's choices, then they want to talk about  religion.   I feel that we must point out how ironic it is that women now are  facing these challenges to their freedom in the week that we are  marking the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment.    How can it be that an entire century has passed, and we are still  forced to fight for our rights as women, as human beings, and as  Americans?   This should outrage every single person. It certainly outrages me,  and we can no longer stand for it.   So today I ask every woman in this country no matter her age, her  race, or her political affiliation to stand with me--to stand with us-- to stand up and tell those who challenge our voice, our place, and our  right to decide for ourselves to not be silent, to speak up and to  reclaim their right to choose.   