 Madam Speaker, I thank very much my colleague, Mr. Cole,  for his tremendous leadership on this issue and all others as the  leading Republican on the Rules Committee.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, we will move to  bring up H.R. 336, the Strengthening America's Security in the Middle  East Act of 2019. I urge the House to vote on this bill, whose  companion passed the Senate with bipartisan support this month.   Bringing this legislation to the floor, Madam Speaker, is not a  partisan maneuver; it is an urgent matter of national security that  requires action by this House.   H.R. 336 includes two bills that enhance our security cooperation  with Israel and Jordan, key U.S. allies in the Middle East that are  active in the fight against terrorist organizations in the region.   H.R. 336 also reaffirms America's unwavering support for Israel with  the Combating BDS Act, a bill that empowers State and local governments  to counter discriminatory anti-Israel boycotts.   There should be no doubt, Madam Speaker, about the bipartisan nature  of each of these bills. The Israel security assistance legislation  passed the House by voice vote in September. The Jordan defense  cooperation bill passed the House by voice vote last February. The  Syria sanctions bill passed the House by voice vote just last month.  And last Congress, Senator Marco Rubio's Combating BDS Act gained the  support of Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and a number of other  Democrats on the Senate side.   Most Democratic Members continue to stand with Republicans in  rejecting the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions, BDS, campaign. These  Members understand, as the Republicans do, that this is a campaign that  too often seeks to delegitimize and demonize Israel. So, Madam Speaker,  why not hold a vote on H.R. 336 that contains a bill called the  Combating BDS Act?   BDS is a campaign whose adherents have time and time again revealed  their anti-Semitic motives. This is a campaign that directs its  followers to avoid certain products merely because they are made in  Israel. Armed with economic warfare tactics, supporters of BDS seek to  isolate and punish the only Jewish state. That, Madam Speaker, is the  dictionary definition of discrimination.   Opponents of the Combating BDS Act often cite First Amendment  objections to this legislation, but the truth is, this bill would not  prohibit individuals or companies from speaking out in support of the  BDS movement, nor would it prohibit them from boycotting Israel. The  Combating BDS Act applies to entities, such as companies, and their  conduct.   This bill cements what should be an obvious point: States have the  right not to contract with companies that engage in discriminatory  conduct against Israel.    In fact, many States already have laws on the books that  promote that right. At its core, the Combating BDS Act protects and  empowers States in their efforts to  [[Page H1538]]  counter a hateful anti-Israel movement.   There is no reason not to hold a vote on H.R. 336, which also  includes legislation that authorizes security assistance to Israel and  extends our defense partnership with Jordan. Helping our key allies in  the Middle East ensure their security should not be controversial.   Madam Speaker, we are now at a moment in this House, at a moment in  this body where we are facing real anti-Semitism from the other side of  the aisle. It is time that we all come together as a body in a  bipartisan manner to stand against anti-Semitism, to condemn it, to  ensure that everyone understands it has no place in this House, in this  body, or in our public discourse.   These bills that we are offering today, if the previous question is  defeated, are those bills that will recognize and symbolize American  leadership and define American leadership. I hope Democrats will choose  our security and our closest allies over partisanship and bring H.R.  336 to a vote.   