 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to join my  colleagues who have been speaking this morning about the access to  healthcare for women in America. Today, as women take action across the  Nation to bring focus to this issue, I would like to join my  colleagues, particularly the senior Senator from Washington, and I  thank her for her leadership on this important issue. She knows better  than most how many times the Senate and the Congress in the last decade  have fought over access to healthcare for women. It seems like every  budget debate, every fiscal cliff, every budget negotiation, and every  issue had to have a debate about whether we were going to defund  Planned Parenthood. So it is not a surprise that we are out here today  as States across the Nation try to roll back access to healthcare. I  guarantee you, I believe and my State believes that access to  healthcare should be and is protected under the Constitution as a right  to privacy. We believe that and codified Roe v. Wade into statute by a  vote of the people in the 1990s. So any time anybody is going to take  on access to healthcare for women and erode what is a basic right in  our State and, I believe, a basic right protected in our Constitution,  we are going to raise our voices. You are going to hear from us. So it  is amazing to me that every budget battle and every debate here in the  Senate comes down to rolling back access to women's healthcare.   Now we see Supreme Court Justices who may or may not uphold those  basic rights as were established in Connecticut v. Griswold, as did a  Supreme Court Justice, who just happened to hail from the State of  Washington, who understood that the privacy rights protected in the  Constitution are in the penumbra of rights. So, yes, I believe that our  Supreme Court Justices should also continue that well-established  practice of observing those privacy rights. So it is hard to say what  all of these State actions will lead to, whether they will make it to  the Supreme Court and what this Supreme Court will have to say about  it. But I can tell you that we here in the Senate--women who understand  the access to healthcare--are so emphatic that we not erode these  rights.   I had the very unfortunate situation of having to speak at a funeral  this weekend for a 28-year-old former staff member who died of cancer.  I know how much fight she had in her, but it was afterward where one of  her relatives said to me: Senator, you cannot leave this unaddressed.   Young women at college campuses are not getting the breast exams to  do early detection that they should. They should be out there. We  should do more to evangelize that young women need to pay attention to  their healthcare. Yet we are here across the Nation having this debate,  and I guarantee you that the access to healthcare to do those early  detections in a lot of communities comes with the access that  organizations like Planned Parenthood and others deliver. So while they  are not what is immediately under attack by these States, I guarantee  you that it is all a part of a larger debate that needs to stop.   Healthcare should be the right of women to be discussed with their  doctors and continue to be protected under our Constitution.   I thank the President.   I yield the floor.   