 Madam Chair, I have an amendment made in order by the  rule, and I ask for its consideration.    Madam Chair, before the Consumer Financial Protection  Bureau, there was no Federal agency dedicated to protecting consumers  from predatory and abusive practices, so I am grateful to my chair for  bringing this issue before us.   I am not exactly sure why my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle have been so resistant to protecting consumers and to restoring  the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to its original intent.   My amendment would restore the relationship between the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau and the Department of Education.  Specifically, it would reestablish an interagency agreement concerning  the sharing of student borrower complaints and allow for cooperation in  the supervision and oversight of student loan servicers.   It is critical that the Department of Education work with the CFPB on  student loan oversight. Currently, the Department of Education is  refusing to share information about loan servicers and student borrower  complaints, which is making it more difficult for the CFPB to conduct  its investigations into the lenders' bad behavior and deceptive  practices.   In fact, last Thursday, it was reported that the Director of the  CFPB, in response to Senator Warren's inquiry, stated that Secretary  DeVos and the Department of Education were blocking efforts to conduct  proper oversight on the student loan industry.   Because of the stance the Department of Education has taken, many  student loan servicers and lenders are not complying with CFPB's  request for information as well. These companies that manage student  loans are refusing to share information that the CFPB needs to perform  proper oversight. This is unacceptable.   The national student loan debt has reached crisis levels. The  American people are getting crushed by more than $1.5 trillion in  student debt. Moreover, we have seen countless lawsuits allege that  widespread wrongdoing by student loan companies is costing some  borrowers thousands of dollars.   This critical amendment would put borrowers back at the center of the  Bureau's consumer protection work.   Our constituents have elected us to look out for their best  interests, to protect them from harmful policies, and to provide them  recourse when they get into difficult situations. Dismantling,  undermining, and weakening the CFPB is not in our constituents' best  interests.   I thank Chairwoman Waters for her leadership in restoring the CFPB to  its original intent.   Let's do the right thing for the American people. I urge my  colleagues to support my amendment to help student borrowers and to  support H.R. 1500.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Madam Chair, I appreciate the comments from my colleague  from North Carolina.   But we want to make sure that private loan services who collect  payments, or those who collect payments from students, are doing their  job.   Now, yes, students want choices. I taught for 40 years on the campus  of Bennett College. I know the difficulty that students have, and I  know that they leave college with a lot of debt, but we should not hold  them hostage. They are asking for a choice to resolve the problems, and  they need someone there who will speak for them.   That is what this bill will do. That is what was done before, and we  need to restore that kind of confidence back into these students so  that they know that they can get some help when they need it.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, let me just say this: This is a good  amendment. This is a great bill. It is an opportunity for us to restore  some confidence and integrity into this process.   We should not hold our students hostage and penalize them because of  something that the Congressman said the government has done.   Madam Chair, we have an opportunity to fix this, and I would  certainly encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   