 Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my support for  H.R. 5, the Equality Act. This landmark legislation would prohibit  discrimination against LGBTQ individuals across key areas of life  including employment, housing, credit, education, public spaces and  services, federally funded programs, and jury service.   We must address the fact that, in 30 states, LGBTQ people are at risk  of being fired, refused housing or denied services simply because of  who they are. Far too many students face bullying or worse because of  their sexual identity, and far too many Americans--teachers, nurses,  and state employees--face uncertainty and discrimination in the  workplace and in their day-to-day lives. In fact, nearly two-thirds of  LGBTQ Americans report having experienced discrimination in their  personal lives.   Our nation's civil rights laws protect people from discrimination on  the basis of race, color, national origin, and, in most cases, sex,  disability and religion. Unfortunately, federal law does not provide  consistent nondiscrimination protections based on sexual orientation or  gender identity. The need for these protections is clear: We must put  an end to this type of discrimination immediately.   We know from our nation's rich history in advancing the rights of  citizens that strong federal laws are often needed to protect  vulnerable groups of people. Because H.R. 5 explicitly prohibits  discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in  fundamental areas, it will finally give LGBTQ people the long-overdue  protections and rights under federal law.   The reality is that our country is strongest when all Americans can  be who they are, without fear of bias, discrimination or inequality in  their workplaces or communities. I am pleased that the House is taking  the much-needed action to ensure the core American values of equality  and fairness are applied to members of the LGBTQ community in all  circumstances. I urge my colleagues of the House to pass this critical  legislation.   