 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the House to pass this resolution  which opposes efforts to delegitimize the State of Israel through the  global Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement. This resolution  reiterates that there is a viable pathway to peace: through direct  negotiations to achieve two states for two people.   If implemented, the BDS movement would blacklist Israeli businesses,  devastate the Israeli economy, and create doubt about Israel's  legitimacy among the next generation. That undermines any possibility  of achieving a lasting peace.   The global rise of anti-Semitism is manifesting itself in many  terrifying ways, and we must remain vigilant. This resolution is  paramount in ensuring that BDS supporters cannot utilize this movement  to promote an anti-Semitic agenda.   BDS does not seek and will not help achieve Israeli-Palestinian  peace. In fact, it pushes the hope for a two-state solution even  further away. BDS only gives fodder to Israel's enemies who seek to  destroy her and isolate her from the rest of the world.   Direct, bilateral negotiations between the parties is the only option  for a viable, long-lasting peace.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge the House to pass the Venezuela  TPS Act of 2019, which would grant Venezuelan nationals urgently needed  temporary protective status in the United States of America.   The Maduro regime has perpetrated egregious human rights abuses,  inflicting an economic and humanitarian crisis on the people of  Venezuela. Venezuelans fleeing starvation, violence, and political  persecution have sought refuge in the United States.   My district has the largest Venezuelan population in the U.S. So many  of my south Florida neighbors know the brutality of the Maduro regime  firsthand and fled here seeking safety.   The stories are heartbreaking: children kidnapped from playgrounds;  family members dying of hunger, violence, and lack of medicine;  individuals who were jailed for speaking out against the government;  businesses confiscated.   Extending TPS will ensure Venezuelans are shielded from the imminent  danger of deportation and can obtain work permits.   President Trump has called the Maduro regime a ``nightmare of  poverty, hunger, and death.'' He said in June that he was looking  ``very seriously at extending TPS to Venezuela.''   But a recent letter from the USCIS stated the administration is  simply ``monitoring'' the situation in Venezuela, something it has done  for months.   There was no commitment to extend TPS to Venezuela, and in the  meantime, this administration continues to deport Venezuelan nationals,  sending them back to the nightmare of the Maduro regime.   This cannot wait any longer. It is past time we support the  Venezuelan community and recognize the urgency of extending them TPS.   President Trump could grant TPS to Venezuelans today. He doesn't need  congressional action. So amidst his inaction, the House of  Representatives will take action today to protect our neighbors and  friends, because their lives are on the line.   I urge my colleagues to vote for this legislation to ensure that  Venezuelans are granted this essential protection, and I say ``Vive  Venezuela.''   