 Madam Speaker, I got my deployment declassified. It  is.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for the  opportunity to stand here in solidarity with our colleagues across the  aisle in honor of Police Week and in honor of our police officers and  peace officers across this country.   I rise today to remember the remarkable lives of two Virginia State  police officers, one from our district in Midlothian and one from  nearby New Kent County. They were both killed in the line of duty.   On August 12, 2017, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke  M.M. Bates were not responding to an ordinary call. Instead, they were  flying via helicopter to an event that became infamous as one of the  darkest days in modern Virginia history.   Cullen and Bates were en route to Charlottesville to monitor the  events transpiring around the Unite the Right white nationalist rally.  Forces of hate had gathered, and law enforcement was called in to help  end the chaos.   After police had canceled the event as an unlawful assembly, Cullen  and Bates were instructed to assist their fellow officers. They were to  circle over Charlottesville, and their mission was to provide  surveillance of the violence, restore order, and help the community end  the nightmare that had transpired. However, mid-flight, their  helicopter crashed on the outskirts of Charlottesville, and both Cullen  and Bates were killed in action.   In the wake of the tragedy and the stress of the Charlottesville  protests,  [[Page H3916]]  Executive Director Wayne Huggins of the Virginia State Police  Association said: ``I don't know if State police, in its 85 years, has  had a more excruciating time.''   The pain of the families of Lieutenant Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Bates  is unimaginable, and the loss experienced by the Virginia State Police  and their fellow brothers and sisters in the law enforcement community  is still felt to this day.    This is National Police Week. We remember the brave and dedicated  service of Lieutenant Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Bates. They died in an  effort to protect their fellow Virginians, and their sacrifice will  always be remembered.   As a former Federal agent, the daughter of a career law enforcement  officer, and, most respectfully, as a grateful American and Virginian,  I thank the law enforcement officers and peace officers who dedicate  their lives to keeping us safe. This week and every week we stand with  our law enforcement officers, and we will never forget those who laid  down their lives for their neighbors.   