 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a true  humanitarian crisis. This is a crisis that is close to my heart, and  that is because it is close to the hearts of so many wonderful people  in the State of Michigan.   Michigan is home to a large and welcoming Yemeni American community-- one of the Nation's largest--and we are so proud and happy that they  are part of our community. Right now these Michigan residents are  horrified to watch what is happening to a country where many of them  have family members and friends.   More than 4 years ago, war broke out in Yemen. Imagine 4 years of  going to bed every night, wondering if this will be the night that a  bomb or rocket will hit your home and destroy everything you have,  including your family; 4 years of being unable to send your children to  school because it is simply not safe for them to be outside; 4 years of  deadly disease outbreaks with little access to medical care or even  safe drinking water; perhaps worst of all, 4 years of sending your  children to bed hungry every night because there is simply not enough  food.   It is bad enough to think about being a parent under those  circumstances. Imagine what it is like to be a child. You are 4 years  old. You don't understand what is going on. You just know that you  can't go outside, you can't sleep at night, and you are hungry all the  time. There are 4-year-olds in Yemen today who have never lived in a  country that wasn't at war.   Sadly, there are 4-year-olds in Yemen today who will never see their  fifth birthday. About 1.2 million children are living in active  conflict zones, meaning that a stray bullet or rocket could end their  life at any moment. It is estimated that a child in Yemen dies every 10  minutes--the length of my speaking today on the floor, every 10  minutes--from a lack of food or diseases that can be prevented with  adequate medical care, including vaccinations.   Overall, the United Nations estimates that no matter what we do at  this moment--no matter what we do--250,000 Yemeni people will die  within the next year due to malnutrition, dehydration, and by diseases  like cholera.  [[Page S2561]]  That is astounding and horrible--250,000 people in addition to the  estimated 60,000 people whose lives have been cut short due to bombings  and violence.   If you are having trouble picturing 250,000 people, it is as if a  fully loaded jumbo jet crashed every day for a year and then kept  crashing, one per day, until late August.   If these dire circumstances don't change soon, that number could  reach 10 million people by this time next year--10 million people. It  is astounding. We should all feel a sense of urgency about the United  States playing a positive, not a negative, role in stopping this.   I want to say again that 10 million people could die from a  combination of famine, dehydration, and disease. That is like the  entire populations of New York City and San Antonio being wiped off the  map.   We simply cannot sit by and let this humanitarian disaster continue.  I was pleased back in March when the Senate passed the bipartisan  resolution to direct the U.S. Armed Forces be removed from hostilities  in Yemen. I have supported this resolution since the very beginning,  the first time it was on the floor. It has been gaining momentum,  gaining more and more support from the Senate, and I am thankful that  it finally got to the Senate.   Unfortunately, the administration chose to veto the resolution and  allow the suffering to continue.   Taking action to end this suffering is more than just the right thing  to do; it is our moral obligation as fellow human beings. That is why I  am calling on all of the Members in the Chamber, all of the Members in  the Senate to stand together to override the veto and end the U.S.  support for this conflict. We need a clear strategy on how to take an  active role in deescalating the conflict and addressing the  accompanying humanitarian crisis.   We should be leading the international response--leading the  international response and working with international partners to find  a solution, not contributing to the problem.   We should be supporting peace talks that involve all parties, all of  which are contributing to this horrible, horrible humanitarian crisis.   We know who not to blame for all of this--those scared and hungry 4- year-olds who have spent every day of their lives just trying to stay  alive. Can you imagine how their parents are feeling about this  situation that their children are in as well?   Ending this conflict and humanitarian crisis is where we should be  focusing our policies and our political might.   I will be voting to override this Presidential veto, and I encourage  every Member of the Chamber to join me--join us, together, in doing the  right thing. It is time to do the right thing for those 4-year-olds,  for all of the people in Yemen who just want to be able to feed their  families, send their children to school, have a safe home, and be able  to carry on with their lives.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   