 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This amendment would increase the amount of funds dedicated to  financial and technical assistance for the people with disabilities  through community development financial institutions, or CDFIs.   People with disabilities and their families face a range of financial  challenges that often go unappreciated. In particular, they encounter  barriers, accessing traditional financial services, accumulating  wealth, and obtaining financing to buy a home, pay for an education,  start a business, or buy an accessible vehicle.   Just this morning, I met with my friend and constituent Peter and his  family. Peter has a disability and has all kinds of important  aspirations for himself.   People with disabilities also face obstacles participating in the  workforce. On average, they earn less than those without disabilities.  At the same time, people with disabilities face higher debt-to-income  ratios and greater expenses, and they are more likely to be unbanked or  underbanked.   The institutions that serve people with disabilities face similar  challenges, including barriers to the capital they need to build and  renovate affordable housing, community facilities, and work spaces. The  consequences are direct and dire.   According to the National Disability Institute, roughly one in three  Americans with a disability lives in poverty, more than twice the  average rate. And because many people with disabilities depend on  government benefits, they are often unable to save or accumulate  assets.   This situation should trouble us all.   Thankfully, we have institutions that are well positioned to address  these challenges. CDFIs serve low-income populations, including people  with disabilities by providing access to affordable financial products  and services. CDFIs are certified by the Department of the Treasury,  and they have an impressive record of success.   Increasing the amount of funds dedicated to financial and technical  assistance for people with disabilities that CDFIs can be awarded would  enable them to more effectively address housing, transportation,  education, and the rest. Crucially, that includes low-interest loans  that enable individuals with disabilities to meet their own specific  needs.   To be specific, the need for this funding is great. According to the  National Disability Coalition, 33 CDFIs requested more than $15 million  in the inaugural round of applications, that is for fiscal years 2017  and 2018. In that 2-year round, more than $5 million was awarded. My  amendment would increase the total funds dedicated to these awards to  $6 million, annually, up from the current $3 million.   We know these programs work. In my home State of Pennsylvania, the  Pennsylvania Assistive Technology Foundation has helped 310  Pennsylvanians with disabilities purchase assistive technology,  including hearing aids, tablets, vehicles, roll-in showers, and much  more.   Through access to capital, individuals with disabilities are able to  make purchases that concretely change their lives. For many, CDFIs are  the only way to obtain a loan, a loan that will  [[Page H5188]]  allow them to live their life the way they choose. That is why we  should be striving for a more inclusive financial system that helps  everyone flourish, one that works for the benefit of all.   In closing, I ask for this important, small increase that will make  big differences in the lives of not only people in my State, but across  the country.   Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   