 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 519, I call up  the bill (H.R. 549) to designate Venezuela under section 244 of the  Immigration and Nationality Act to permit nationals of Venezuela to be  eligible for temporary protected status under such section, and for  other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert  extraneous materials on H.R. 549.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this should not be a partisan issue. Democrats and  Republicans in both Houses of Congress support temporary protected  status for Venezuelans. And, yet, when the Venezuelan TPS Act of 2019  was brought up on a suspension vote on Tuesday, it did not pass because  most Republicans voted against it.   President Trump has repeatedly expressed alarm about the situation in  Venezuela and support for the people, but he refuses to exercise his  authority to designate Venezuela for TPS.   Today, we vote again on this to protect Venezuelans who are already  in the United States, and I do hope my Republican colleagues will vote  in support of it.   TPS is designed to provide a safe haven to people who are in the  United States and unable to return to their home country. Venezuela,  once one of Latin America's most prosperous countries, but currently  bankrupt, is in the throes of a political crisis, and it is deserving  of TPS designation.   Four million Venezuelans are outside their home country due to  violence, hunger, and fear. Seven million people inside the country  need humanitarian assistance to stay alive, and one in five Venezuelans  have no access to clean water. This is exactly the type of humanitarian  crisis that TPS was designed to address.   For this reason alone, we should stand in support of Venezuela TPS.  Just 2 weeks ago, Acting Commissioner of U.S. Citizenship and  Immigration Services, Ken Cuccinelli, informed Senator Dick Durbin by  letter that the administration was ``continuing to monitor the  situation'' instead of designating Venezuela for TPS.   Even more surprising, the United States is still deporting  Venezuelans, and in late 2018, DHS deported more Venezuelans than were  resettled over the previous 5 years.   In other words, the Trump administration's Venezuela policy is  incoherent at best, but as Members of Congress, we can act consistently  with our concerns for the people of Venezuela by supporting this bill.   This bill provides us with the mechanism to offer temporary refuge to  Venezuelans who are already in the U.S. Designating Venezuela for TPS  will not only ensure the safety and security of thousands of  Venezuelans, it will also demonstrate our bipartisan support of a  legitimate, Democratic transition in Venezuela.   I commend my colleagues, Debbie Mucarsel-Powell and Darren Soto, for  their work and their commitment to the Venezuelan people, and I urge  all of my colleagues to support the Venezuela TPS Act of 2019.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Soto), the sponsor of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I am honored to yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Shalala).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Soto).    Mr. Speaker, I have one additional speaker on the way.    Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes just to make a  couple of additional comments.   First, Venezuela, which was a perfectly happy country, has been  trashed by their government. They are now experiencing a 10 million  percent annual increase in inflation, and 85 percent of the medicines  needed for the major causes of morbidity in the country are unavailable  in the pharmacies. They are in terrible shape.   I had occasion to go to the Colombian-Venezuelan border a short time  ago, and I would like to tell you what I saw.   I saw, first, the skinniest refugees I have ever seen, people who  were coming over for the day to get something to eat. The Catholic  Church had organized food for people who have no food and who came  across the river just to get a meal with their children. It was a  tragic situation. To think that we would send someone who is  temporarily here back to that catastrophe is really unthinkable.   As Mr. Soto has mentioned, TPS was devised precisely for this type of  situation where we have chaos in the native country of someone who is  here temporarily, and it is unconscionable to send them back.   So we do know that the ultimate answer in Venezuela is not TPS. It is  for the Venezuelan people to gain control of their government, to have  a functioning democracy, to get rid of the socialist policies that have  trashed the country. But, meanwhile, we do need to have this protection  for the Venezuelans who are here.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds.   Mr. Speaker, I would note that, without a word of complaint, the  Colombians have accommodated 4 million Venezuelans who have left  Venezuela and gone into Colombia. There has not been a big turmoil in  Colombia about accepting those refugees while this disaster is going  on. Surely, the estimated 300,000 Venezuelans who are in the U.S. today  would not pose a burden. They are able to support themselves, and we  should not be sending them back to a terrible fate.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am still waiting.    Will the gentleman yield?    No, and I think given the time and the other bills  behind us, why doesn't the gentleman close. I will close, and we will  go to a vote.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I would hope that everyone will vote for this bill.   It is, unfortunately, the case that the United States has deported  Venezuelans in late 2018. More Venezuelans were deported than were  resettled.   It is important that, while this country, Venezuela, is really in  meltdown, we don't take vulnerable people and send them back there.  That is what TPS is all about. This bill is simple.   I thank Mr. Soto, Ms. Shalala, Ms. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and Ms.  Mucarsel-Powell for their efforts, along with those of many others.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that we support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of  House Resolution 420, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of  House Concurrent Resolution 53, and ask for its immediate consideration  in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.   