 Madam Speaker, I rise today in solidarity with  over 800,000 Federal workers and contractors who are dramatically  impacted by the shameful and irresponsible government shutdown. I rise  today to share the stories of those Federal workers in my district,  Alabama's Seventh Congressional District.   This shutdown is impacting everyone. I had the pleasure, recently, of  going through the Montgomery airport and the Birmingham airport in my  district. It was Martin Luther King Day, and everybody was trying to be  upbeat, but, you know, it is really hard to be upbeat when you miss a  paycheck. It is hard to be upbeat when you have bills to pay and you  don't know how you are going to make ends meet.   We celebrated Martin Luther King's birthday on Monday, and it was Dr.  King who said: ``Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice  everywhere.''   Well, Madam Speaker, it is a threat to justice that people work  without pay in this country, in America. It is an injustice that they  are about to miss the second paycheck.   It is unacceptable that we are not doing our job so that the people  who are working without pay can get paid. We have to do better. We must  reopen government. Enough is truly enough.   Today, my staff delivered food to the Federal Bureau of Prisons in  Aliceville, Alabama, in Pickens County, to the hundreds of workers who  work there every day and who have not gotten paid in 35 days. They did  so out of service.   But do you know what? We, out of obligation, must open up this  government so that everyone who is working gets paid, all those who are  furloughed can go back to work.   We know the importance of dignity of a job. These are hardworking  Federal workers and contractors who deserve to get paid. Why are we  holding them hostage? Why are their paychecks held hostage all for a  wall?   I want to be clear, Madam Speaker: We Democrats believe in border  security, but we want effective border security.   I do not believe in spending $5.7 billion for a wall when people in  my district, babies in my district, go to bed hungry, when there are  people in my district who need basic water and sewer in Lowndes County  and Pickens County and in Perry County, Alabama.   I will stand up and fight for all those in my district, and I stand  in solidarity with my Federal workers and contractors. They deserve to  get paid.   I had an opportunity to talk with a young TSA worker from Birmingham,  Alabama, just on Tuesday. I pass through that airport once a week going  to and fro to D.C.   This young worker, with a smile on her face, said: How are you this  morning? Can I help you?   I said: How can I help you? I want you to know that we are working  hard every day to open up government.   She said: I know that. I know that you are. I also know that you know  that a wall will not make the difference.   You know, the sad irony is that so many of these Federal workers  don't have savings. She told me that she was just happy to have a job  with the Federal Government, to have the security of having a Federal  job is what she said.   She also told me that right now things are okay because she has her  mother to take care of her child. She can no longer afford to send her  child to daycare and put gas in her car to drive to the Birmingham  airport to work at 4 a.m., that first shift, but she does it. She does  it as long as she can.   We have to stand on this floor and demand that we reopen government  as long as we can, as long as they have not gotten their paychecks. It  is unfair. It is an injustice. It is an injustice.   So today, many of my congressional staff are with those correctional  officers in Aliceville, Alabama.   We heard the story of Heather Bryant, who is struggling to pay for  the gas she needs to drive the 30 minutes to work.   You see, in this small community of Aliceville, Alabama, the Federal  women's correctional facility is the major employer. It is the major  employer in that city, in that county.   I want you to know that because, in the 35 days that these  corrections officers, parole officers, prison workers have gone without  pay, we have seen restaurants close. We have seen convenience stores  reduce hours in that community. Indeed, in order for us to provide  meals today, we had to reopen that Meat and Three diner in order to  feed these workers today.   This is unacceptable because it is not just the Federal workers who  are impacted; it is the collateral damage that is done to the  communities around this country. Store owners, restaurant owners who  depend upon those workers for their livelihoods are affected.   We must do something now. It is unfair for us to ask those folks who  are furloughed to come back to work and not get paid. It is unfair and  unjust for us to ask Federal workers who are working hard every day in  our airports, in our prison systems all across this Nation to work  without pay.    But as Martin Luther King also said: ``The time is always right to do  what is right.''   What is right, Madam Speaker, is to reopen government now. We must  stand with these Federal workers. We must unabashedly demand that they  get paid, and we must seek ways to work across the aisle to get  government open.   But they have to also offer an olive branch. This President hasn't  done that. Instead, he has put his interests over the American people's  interests.   Enough is enough. We must reopen government and let our Federal  workers, our contractors, know that we stand in solidarity with them.   