 Madam President, I could stay here all day, listening  to the names of the brave men and women whom I was lucky enough to  serve with in the military. I could stay here all night, telling  stories about their heroism and courage. I could stay here all week,  all month, talking about the troops who are serving overseas right now  and about those who are on their eighth or ninth tours of duty or about  those teenagers who weren't even alive when the Twin Towers fell, yet  who are ready to ship off to Afghanistan at this very moment if that is  what is asked of them. I could go on and on all year if I wanted, and I  still wouldn't be able to convey the sacrifices they are making because  they love this country and would do anything to defend her.   I will not stand idly by and let a single one of them shed blood in  an avoidable conflict because Donald Trump has abdicated matters of war  and peace to a despot who regularly flouts basic human rights and  openly murders journalists. Yet, after tensions spiked between Saudi  Arabia and Iran this past weekend, that is exactly what he seemed to be  willing to do. He tweeted that the U.S. was ``locked and loaded'' and  just waiting for the Crown Prince to tell him how to proceed. We can't  let that slip by.   The President--the Commander in Chief of the greatest military of the  greatest democracy on the face of the Earth--just suggested that he was  outsourcing the powers of war to a foreign monarch--powers that aren't  even his to hand over--and he did it in a tweet.   While Trump may have never read the Constitution, I have, so let me  direct his attention to article I, which makes it clear that the  President does not have the authority to declare war. Only Congress has  that power. We are the ones tasked with deciding when and how Americans  are sent into combat. We are the ones charged with that most solemn  duty, not Donald Trump and certainly not Muhammad bin Salman. Yet Trump  is acting as if article I simply doesn't exist, as if he could just  usurp this power from the legislative branch and trade it to whomever  he pleases, as if obeying the Constitution is optional even while he  tweets that he is willing to obey a foreign prince.   This should not be a partisan issue. No matter if you are struggling  to pay rent or if your name is plastered in gold on the front of a  building on Fifth Avenue, no one can overrule the Constitution. Trump  doesn't get to mire us in yet another Middle East conflict just because  he has a bizarre tendency to bow down and kiss up to the world's  cruelest tyrants.   Whether you ask constitutional scholars or high school students  taking U.S. history classes, they will tell you the same thing--that on  matters of military force, whether they are our allies or our  adversaries, American Presidents do not get to choose to take orders  from foreign leaders. They take direction from Congress--full stop.   I am here to say that we have not authorized him to ensnare us in  another endless, senseless war.   We haven't debated and passed a new authorization for the use of  military force in more than 15 years, and there is just no way that the  AUMF passed to go after the perpetrators of 9/11 can justify military  action against Iran nearly two decades later, sending troops overseas  who may not have even been alive when that AUMF was voted on.   Listen, it is not just me who believes this. It is not just my fellow  Democrats in the Senate either. During the confirmation hearing for  now-Secretary of Defense Mark Esper, I asked Trump's own nominee point- blank whether the existing AUMF gives this administration the right to  conduct a war with Iran. His answer? His answer was: No. No, they do  not.   Even in decades past, when prior Presidents have gotten us entangled  in bad wars based on bad intelligence, at the very least they made sure  to loop in the United Nations, but Trump is acting as if he wouldn't  even do that. He is too busy thumping his chest and catering to the  whims of autocrats. He is too infatuated with maximum pressure to  consider even minimum diplomacy, too distracted beating the drums of  war to even think about how many troops he would be sending into harm's  way.   For what? To protect the Saudi oil industry or the Crown Prince's  personal profits?  [[Page S5586]]    Once again, the Trump foreign policy doctrine has proven reckless,  senseless, and dangerous, full of gaslighting and bluster, a doctrine  in which fact and fiction are one in the same.   It is shameful. It is terrifying that we have a Commander in Chief  who comes to military decisions by virtue of temper tantrum and then  announces them via tweet, a President who doesn't seem to care that if  he keeps on the path of fire and fury he has been treading, our own  homeland will be in greater danger, more wounded warriors will be sent  to Walter Reed, and more fallen heroes will be laid to rest in the  hallowed grounds of Arlington.   Donald Trump may never have deigned to put on our Nation's uniform,  so he probably doesn't know that the commander's greatest  responsibility is to safeguard the troops so they are able to carry out  the mission. That means we do not send them into harm's way recklessly  and without full support both logistically and legally.   As a former unit commander, I ran for Congress so that when the drums  of war sounded, I would be in a position to make sure our elected  officials fully consider the true costs of war, not just in dollars and  cents but in the sacrifices of our troops and their families. That was  the vow I made to my buddies that I deployed with and all those who  have served since I hung up my uniform.   Now, as the drums of war are pounding once again, I am here today to  keep my promise to do our troops justice and to make sure Donald Trump  does not outsource overseas yet another American job--Congress's job to  declare war. If the Trump administration wants to go to war, they must  bring their case to Congress and give the American people a say through  their elected representatives. They must respect our servicemembers  enough to prove why war with Iran is worth turning more moms and dads  into Gold Star parents. They must testify about what the end state in  Iran actually looks like.   Then, when their case has been made, when Congress's debate is done,  we should vote. It is our duty. It is the least we owe to the troops we  would be sending into harm's way. If the vote to authorize military  force passes, then I will be the first person to volunteer to deploy. I  am ready to pack my rucksack, to dust off my uniform. I am ready to fly  helicopters, take on the grunt work, do whatever else it takes to  uphold that oath that all servicemembers and veterans have sworn: to  protect and defend this Nation we love, no matter what.   It would be nice if we had a President willing to do the same instead  of one who thinks he looks tough by pushing us to the brink of a  needless conflict.   Listen, Trump may think he comes off as strong by using phrases like  ``locked and loaded'' and by spewing threats 280 characters at a time,  but he has never seemed weaker to me. A real Commander in Chief would  not dole out matters of war to the highest bidder. A true leader would  not bend to the whims of despots just because of the size of their bank  accounts. A strong President would not care more about keeping tyrants  happy than safeguarding our most precious resource: the brave men and  women willing to lay down their lives to defend our Nation. Yet, day  after day, Donald Trump wraps himself in the flag in the morning and  then abandons our servicemembers and our democratic norms by the  afternoon.   While he may have already shirked his duty as an elected official, I  refuse to abandon mine. So as many times as is necessary, I am going to  keep coming back to this Chamber, keep raising my voice under this  great Capitol dome, and keep demanding what is actually in our Nation's  best interest because, you see, I don't take my orders from war  criminals or dictators or princes or monarchs. I don't serve foreign  regimes. I serve the American people. Trump would do well to try that  sometime.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   