 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution that  reaffirms longstanding U.S. policy regarding the two-state solution and  which squarely condemns unilateral acts by any party (and I hope the  Administration understands that includes the U.S.) that undermines that  goal.   The two-state solution has been such a central part of the U.S.  policy for this region that it rightly deserves its own debate in this  House, rather than just a passing reference in legislation as we have  seen in the past.   As noted by the resolution, for more than 20 years, ``Presidents of  the United States from both political parties and Israeli Prime  Ministers have supported reaching a two-state solution that establishes  a Palestinian state coexisting side by side with Israel in peace and  security.''   Yet, somehow the two-state solution has now become a controversial  position, including within the current Administration which goes out of  its way to not even mention it as a goal of our policy anymore. In  light of the Administration's refusal to even say the phrase, more and  more leaders in the region feel emboldened to also publicly oppose two  states living side by side in peace and security.   It is even more critical now that the U.S. Congress unambiguously and  clearly express support for the two-state solution.   Current trends are moving us farther away from peace or security and  the Administration's efforts are doing nothing to stop that. As a  hundred of my colleagues and I recently noted in a letter to the State  Department, the Administration's recent announcement declaring that  Israeli settlements in the occupied territories do not violate  international law as far as the U.S. is concerned, ``following the  administration's decision to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem outside  of a negotiated agreement; its closure of the Palestinian mission in  Washington, D.C. and U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem; and its halting of  aid Congress appropriated to the West Bank and Gaza, has  [[Page H9308]]  discredited the United States as an honest broker between Israel and  the Palestinian Authority, severely damaged prospects for peace, and  endangered the security of America, Israel, and the Palestinian  people.''   This legislation sends a clear message that any U.S. proposal to  achieve a just and lasting solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict  ``should expressly endorse a two-state solution as its objective.''   Additionally, the resolution also makes clear that ``Presidents of  the United States from both political parties have opposed settlement  expansion, moves toward unilateral annexation of territory, and efforts  to achieve Palestinian statehood status outside the framework of  negotiations with Israel.''   It reaffirms the Administration's obligation to actively ``discourage  steps by either side that would put a peaceful end to the conflict  further out of reach, including unilateral annexation of territory or  efforts to achieve Palestinian statehood status outside the framework  of negotiations with Israel.''   I don't have to tell my colleagues that unilateral actions, such as  annexation or unilateral declarations of statehood will not or cannot  achieve the peace or security that is so urgently desired.   Additionally, I know that this legislation has been changed to remove  references to occupation and to the settlement enterprise. Whether you  agree or disagree with those changes, doing so does not and will not  change the actual facts on the ground or the obstacles to peace that  remain. And our debate should be based on recognizing those facts,  however discouraging or contentious they may be. The Israeli's and  Palestinians deserve a debate that does so accurately.   The time for pushing for peace is always now.   But let's be clear, the sentiment in this resolution is only a start.  Acknowledging the need for two states is important but even more so is  working to actually achieve it. And that is where work needs to happen.   What we need are bold steps forward. Not some half-baked peace plan  that has taken nearly three years to develop, is apparently subject to  the whims of the U.S. and Israeli election cycles, and has already been  dismissed by key stakeholders in the region.   If the Administration refuses to do so, then its time that Congress  consider what actions it can take to make the vision of the two-state  that we so beautifully describe in this resolution into a reality.  Because today, the reality on the ground is one state, continuing  tensions, and cycles of violence that can easily escalate.   It's no longer good enough to give lip service to two-states.   So I thank the leadership for bringing this to the floor and for  welcoming this debate in the House.   And I know that the two-state solution has its critics who are just  as frustrated as I am that both sides have seemingly never failed to  miss an opportunity to let peace slip away. But the deadly status quo  is no substitute. And wishful thinking for some other ``alternative''  option also is no substitute.   Achieving two-states was never going to be easy. Peace never is.   But ending the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is vital to the interests  of our country, Israel, the Palestinians, and the broader region and  international communities. This is why we continue to advocate for two- states despite the setbacks and spoilers.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr.  Nadler) for yielding.   The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was a direct response to evidence of  significant and pervasive racial discrimination across the country.   My home State of Wisconsin really has suffered under the Supreme  Court decision of 2013. After that ruling, then-Governor Scott Walker,  someone I had been fighting since 1990 to prevent him from enacting an  onerous voter ID law, he prevailed in 2016.   The very first year that that voter ID law was enacted was in 2016.  According to a study done by the University of Wisconsin, between  12,000 and 23,000 registered voters in Madison and Milwaukee, and as  many as 45,000 statewide, were deterred from voting by the ID law. The  President, of course, won our State by a mere 23,000 votes.   Mr. Speaker, it is important and imperative that we restore  enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. I urge my colleagues to vote for  this great legislation.   