 Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to discuss  the Jackson Lee Amendment to the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Prices  Now Act.   Let me also express my thanks to the chairmen of the committees of  jurisdiction for their hard work in crafting this critically important  legislation: Chairman Pallone of Energy and Commerce; Chairman Neal of  Ways and Means; and Chairman Scott of Education and Labor.   The Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug Prices Now Act levels the playing  field for American patients and taxpayers by:   1. Giving Medicare the power to negotiate directly with the drug  companies and creating powerful new tools to force drug companies to  the table to agree to real price reductions, while ensuring seniors  never lose access to the prescriptions they need.   2. Making the lower drug prices negotiated by Medicare available to  Americans with private insurance, not just Medicare beneficiaries.   3. Stopping drug companies from ripping off Americans while charging  other countries less for the same drugs and limiting the maximum price  for any negotiated drug to be in line with the average price in  countries like ours;   4. Creating a new, $2,000 out-of-pocket limit on prescription drug  costs for Medicare beneficiaries; and   5. Reinvesting in most transformational improvement to Medicare since  its creation--delivering vision, dental and hearing benefits--and  turbocharging the search for new cures.   High drug prices are harmful. Medical costs and out-of-pocket  expenses result in high  [[Page H10210]]  rates of bankruptcies, and 10 to 25 percent of patients either delay,  abandon or compromise treatments because of financial constraints.   Survival is also compromised.   For example, in chronic myeloid leukemia, the 8 to 10 year survival  rate is 80 percent in Europe (where treatment is universally  affordable), but the 5-year survival rate is only 60 percent in the  United States.   The high out-of-pocket expenses discourages patients from seeking  care or purchasing drugs.   And in a recent survey, one-third of insured persons in my home state  of Texas delayed or did not pursue care because of high out-of-pocket  expenses.   The Jackson Lee Amendment is simple and straightforward.   The Jackson Lee Amendment improves the bill by expressing the Sense  of Congress regarding the harmful impact of the high cost of  prescription drugs on communities of color and persons living in rural  or sparsely populated areas of the United States.   According to the Center for American Progress, the negotiation  authority provided in H.R. 3 could save some diabetics more than $700  on an annual supply of certain types of insulin.   Moreover, negotiation could bring down the net price for other types  of drugs that are particularly needed in minority and poor  communities--including expensive treatments for cancer and multiple  sclerosis--by thousands per month.   Reform is desperately needed and nearly 1 in 4 Americans currently  taking prescription drugs find them difficult to afford.   Some people struggling to afford medication for chronic illnesses  even turn to drug rationing in desperation, which can be lethal.   In fact, a recent study found that 1 in 4 patients with diabetes  ration their insulin in response to rising prices.   The American public overwhelmingly agrees that it is time to allow  the government to negotiate with pharmaceutical companies: 85 percent  of Americans support this tactic to reduce prices for Medicare and  private insurance.   