 Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Graves for yielding. I appreciate  the work that he and Chairman Quigley have done to craft a Financial  Services and General Government bill for fiscal year 2020.   The bill includes many priorities of Members on both sides of the  aisle, such as support for small businesses,  [[Page H5107]]  drug control programs, and the Treasury Department's counterterrorism  and financial intelligence efforts.   However, I am concerned that there are several controversial items in  the bill regarding immigration policy, the border wall, collective  bargaining, and many other provisions that will tie this  administration's hands.   Regarding the District of Columbia, this bill fails to provide  appropriate oversight. It is disappointing that the bill does not  include a longstanding pro-life provision regarding the use of D.C.  local funds.   I am also troubled that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  rejected an amendment offered in committee by Dr. Harris that would  prevent the District of Columbia from legalizing solicitation of  prostitution or profiting from the sex work of others.   The possibility of the bill pending before the D.C. Council becoming  law is appalling, and Congress must make it clear that this is  unacceptable. Congress should not allow prostitution to be legalized in  our Nation's capital.   Additionally, the bill includes an 8 percent increase in spending  above the current year. This level of spending is excessive, and as I  have said before, this bill is written using an unrealistic top line  funding level.   In order for our work to be meaningful and produce bills that can be  signed into law, leaders from both parties and the administration must  come together and develop a mutually agreeable funding framework. Then  we can turn to drafting appropriations bills with bipartisan support  that can be signed into law.   In closing, I would like to thank Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman Quigley,  Mr. Graves, as well as all of the subcommittee members and the staff  for their hard work on this bill.     Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Almost 2 months ago, the administration sounded the alarm about the  crisis at our southwest border and told the Congress additional funds  were badly needed. Now, 2 months later, we are here. We have this  border supplemental appropriations bill, H.R. 3401, that falls terribly  short and will only further delay addressing the problem.   I oppose this bill in its current form.   Hundreds of thousands of people have arrived at the border this year.  Some are coming through points of entry, and many are crossing through  the desert or the Rio Grande.   Men and women across agencies and departments have been working  together to try to respond to the overwhelming surge of people coming  to the border illegally for the past 3 months, totaling over 100,000  people per month. Last month topped that: 144,000 men, women, and  children from 51 countries.   Our agents and officers, our volunteers, our nongovernmental  organizations are dealing with nearly 20,000 people in a space designed  for a fraction of that. They are dealing with the increasing summer  heat, and they are dealing with migrants with grave medical conditions.  [[Page H5152]]    This is a real crisis, and we need a bill that provides for all the  agencies that are involved in responding. It is long overdue.   The bill before us does not provide Immigration and Customs  Enforcement, the Department of Defense, or the immigration courts with  the funds they need.   In addition, the bill includes provisions tying the administration's  hands, including restrictions on foreign aid to Central American  countries and stopping HHS from changing policies that could protect  unaccompanied children.   We are out of time. Some of our agencies are spending money they  don't have because they have must-pay bills for contracts for food and  shelter and transportation and medical care.   I want everyone to be very aware of what they are dealing with:  People are waiting in terrible conditions in the desert, and summer is  here; children are sleeping on the ground and need to be moved to  shelters or homes. We need doctors and pediatricians. We need  caregivers.   We need immigration courts to rule in a timely manner. We should not  force those who have submitted claims for asylum and other forms of  release to wait any longer. The more time we spend on partisan  measures, the longer it will be before help arrives to those who  desperately need it.   We need to act now on a bipartisan solution, and I urge my colleagues  to reject this bill. It is partisan and dangerous.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Fleischmann).    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Rutherford).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Florida.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy).    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Collins).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Georgia.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Rogers).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Hice).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from Georgia.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   We must reject this bill today and develop a bipartisan solution to  address the crisis at our border. Workers, and children, and  caretakers, and Border Patrol have been waiting almost 2 months for the  resources they need to do their jobs and receive our care.   This bill turns our backs on these people and ties the President's  hands. I implore Members to stop this and vote ``no'' on this measure.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   