 Mr. President, William Barr is unquestionably qualified  to serve as Attorney General, a position to which he was confirmed  unanimously in 1991, in President George H.W. Bush's administration.  Mr. Barr's record of public service and long career in the law are  exemplary. I have carefully reviewed his record, listened to his  testimony before the Judiciary Committee, and questioned him for an  hour in my office. Given the significant issues before the Department  of Justice and the fact that it is currently led by an unconfirmed,  Acting Attorney General, I will vote to confirm Mr. Barr.   It is imperative that the Senate confirm an Attorney General who is  committed to allowing the Special Counsel to complete his investigation  unimpeded. Mr. Barr gave this commitment under oath to the Judiciary  Committee and again to me in our private meeting. He testified clearly  that he will not permit any interference in Special Counsel Mueller's  investigation into Russian attempts to influence the 2016 election. In  fact, Mr. Barr told the committee that he believes ``the overarching  public interest is to allow [Special Counsel Mueller] to finish.'' He  also said he would resign if he were ordered by the President to fire  the Special Counsel without good cause. Mr. Barr testified, ``The  country needs a credible resolution to these issues, and if confirmed,  I will not permit partisan politics, personal interests, or any other  improper consideration to interfere with this or any other  investigation. I will follow the Special Counsel regulations  scrupulously and in good faith, and on my watch, Bob [Mueller] will be  allowed to finish his work.''   Not only must the Special Counsel be allowed to finish his work, but  also his conclusions must be as open and transparent to the public as  possible. The  [[Page S1352]]  Special Counsel regulations, put in place during the Clinton  administration, have guided administrations from both parties for two  decades. Those regulations instruct the Special Counsel to submit a  confidential report to the Attorney General, and Mr. Barr testified  that he will be as transparent as possible about the report, consistent  with the law. He told me he will always err on the side of disclosure  and believes transparency is critical to the public's confidence in the  investigation. When asked whether he would allow the President or his  attorneys to edit any report, Mr. Barr told the committee, ``That will  not happen.''   Mr. Barr and I also discussed the memo he wrote in 2018 about  obstruction of justice and his views on executive power. I asked him  whether suborning perjury would be obstruction. He said yes. I asked  him what he would do if the President asked him to stop an otherwise  lawful investigation. He said he would resign. We discussed the  political checks that exist to limit Executive power, and he described  the Special Counsel as a ``super charged political check.''   Some have suggested, however, that Mr. Barr's memo means he believes  the President cannot obstruct justice at all. In a letter to Chairman  Graham, Mr. Barr responded: ``Quite the contrary, [the memo] expressed  my belief that a President, just like anyone else, can obstruct justice  if he or she engages in wrongful actions that impair the availability  of evidence. Nor did the memorandum claim, as some have incorrectly  suggested, that a President can never obstruct justice whenever he or  she is exercising a constitutional function. If a President, acting  with the requisite intent, engages in the kind of evidence impairment  the statute prohibits--regardless whether it involves the exercise of  his or her constitutional powers or not--then a President commits  obstruction of justice under the statute. It is as simple as that.''   Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein has said publicly that Mr.  Barr's memo had no impact on the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein also  noted, ``Lots of people offer opinions to the Department of Justice,  but they don't influence our own decision making.''   Mr. Barr's views on executive power, while legitimate, differ from my  own and do concern me as a member of the legislative branch. His  opinions highlight the tension that sometimes emerges among the  branches of government and which is rooted in the separation of powers.  On any given matter, I would likely argue for a more limited approach  to Executive power. Regardless of his philosophy, Mr. Barr has noted  correctly that the President is not above the law.   Mr. Barr brings considerable experience to bear on important legal  policy matters at the DOJ. He testified that he supports efforts to  protect the civil rights of LGBT individuals and that he is against  discrimination against anyone on account of their gender identity or  sexual orientation. He further stated that he is willing to support  ``red flag laws'' as a step toward preventing gun violence.   Mr. Barr offered his commitment to implementing the newly enacted  FIRST STEP Act, a bill I supported and that he described as one that  ``recognizes the progress we have made over the past three decades in  fighting violent crime.'' Mr. Barr is also committed to combating scams  and fraudulent schemes that target seniors, which, as chairman of the  Senate Aging Committee, I have investigated and urged the Department to  prioritize.   Finally, Mr. Barr has served our country previously with distinction.  One hundred and twenty former officials and employees from various  administrations have praised Mr. Barr's ``character of unwavering  commitment to the rule of law without regard to favor or politics.''  His nomination is supported by many leaders from the law enforcement  community, including the Fraternal Order of Police and the Federal Law  Enforcement Officers Association. In his testimony before the Judiciary  Committee, Mr. Barr pledged to run the Department of Justice with  professionalism and integrity. He noted that the President did not seek  any promises from him and that he made none to the President.   Mr. Barr has pledged his allegiance to the rule of law, the  Constitution, and the American people. He has served our country  honorably in the past, and I believe he will do so once again.   