 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise with great enthusiasm this morning  to support an amendment that would designate $40 million from the  assistance for Europe and Eurasia fund to Armenian democracy  assistance. This amendment is cosponsored by the other Democratic  chairs of the Caucus on Armenian Issues here in Congress.   In the last year, Armenia has undergone a breathtaking transformation  from a stagnant autocracy to a very vibrant democracy. The images of  Armenia's Velvet Revolution bring a smile to my face every time I think  of it, having people dancing in the streets, having a blockade, but a  blockade of small toys by children in the town square.   The amazing part of all of this is that this democracy occurred with  not one drop of blood being shed. So it is very important, at this  point in time, that we do everything in our power to support this new  democracy.   Since the revolution, Armenia has held fair and free democratic  elections that swept Nikol Pashinyan to power. Recently, his government  signed an agreement with the United States providing up to $60 million,  over 2 to 3 years, to promote economic growth and good governance in  Armenia.   Although these efforts are welcome, they are not enough. Armenia has  a rare and potentially fleeting window of opportunity to consolidate  and build upon its democratic gains. Fundamental changes to its  constitution, electoral code, and governance institutions cannot be  achieved by repackaging existing aid under a new header.   Armenia has earned a clear signal that the United States supports its  democratic transformation and resources will be brought to them to  carry out that transformation. This amendment would provide $40 million  in 1 year to supercharge Armenia's democratic progress. Armenia would  continue to lead the process, but the U.S. expertise and assistance  would serve as a true catalyst.   This particular fund is filled with over $700 million. We are already  giving $250 million to Ukraine, over $50  [[Page H4649]]  million to Moldova, and $83 million to Georgia; so a $40 million  commitment to a country that, on its own, has delivered democracy is a  small gift. I urge that we support that.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    I yield to the gentlewoman from New York.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman and leader of our  Appropriations Committee for her support, and I am grateful beyond  words.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for  yielding.   I rise to engage in a colloquy with the chairwoman of the State- Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee. I rise today to discuss  the immense value to the American taxpayer and Congress provided by the  Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction.   Since 2002, the U.S. Government has spent over $126 billion--that is  a b--building the Afghan security forces, promoting good governance,  and conducting development assistance. Created in the 2008 National  Defense Authorization Act, the SIGAR, as we refer to it, has helped to  oversee the effectiveness of these programs and guarded against waste,  fraud, abuse, and mismanagement.   The SIGAR has alerted Congress to programs stymied by corruption,  flawed leadership, and poor design, while also providing implementing  agencies with lessons learned that have improved their efforts. I  believe that SIGAR provides immense value to the American public and  that their efforts should continue so long as the United States  continues to allocate significant sums of money to the Afghan  reconstruction.   I want to ask the chairwoman to clarify that no language in the  bill's House report should be construed as creating an end date for the  SIGAR.   