 Mr. President, earlier today we paused and commemorated  those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001.   Eighteen years have passed, but the memory of that day remains as  vivid as if it were yesterday. We each have our own recollections of  where we were and what we were doing as the horrifying terrorist  attacks on our country began to unfold.   I remember having the television on and watching a report that a  plane--  [[Page S5432]]  originally reported as a small plane--had struck one of the Twin  Towers. I then shortly thereafter saw the second aircraft strike the  World Trade Center. It was then that I knew our country was under  attack. I told my staff to stay away from the Capitol Building because  I feared it, too, could be a target.   Today, we all still share the powerful emotions of shock, anger, and  grief. I was worried about not only my staff, those in the buildings,  but also staff members who were on their way back from Portland, ME,  which turns out to be where some of the terrorists began their journey  of death and destruction that day.   On the evening of that terrible day, Members of Congress gathered  together on the steps of the U.S. Capitol. With tears in our eyes and  sorrow in our hearts, together we sang ``God Bless America.'' The  emotions of shock, anger, and grief were joined by unity, resolve, and  patriotism. That sense that swept over us as we sang was a source of  strength in the challenges that we faced in the fight against  terrorism.   So many were killed that horrific day. In my State of Maine, we  remember Robert and Jackie Norton of Lubec, a devoted retired couple  who boarded Flight 11 to celebrate a son's wedding on the west coast.  We remember James Roux of Portland, an Army veteran and a devoted  father, who was on his way to a business meeting in California. We  remember Robert Schlegel of Gray, who was celebrating his recent  promotion to the rank of commander in the U.S. Navy and was still  settling into his new office at the Pentagon when the plane struck. We  remember Stephen Ward of Gorham, who was working on the 101st floor of  the North Tower that terrible morning.   On this solemn anniversary, we join all Americans in remembering the  nearly 3,000 people who lost their lives that day--lives of  accomplishment, contribution, and promise. Each loss leaves a wound in  the hearts of families and friends that can never be fully healed.   We honor the heroes of that day. We are still moved by the selfless  courage of the men and women on Flight 93 who wrestled that plane to  the ground in Pennsylvania, sacrificing their lives so that others  might live. We are inspired by the firefighters, EMS personnel, and  police officers at the World Trade Center who continued to climb upward  to rescue those who were in peril even as the Twin Towers were tumbling  down. The New York City Fire Department alone lost 343 firefighters who  responded to the attacks.   We pay tribute today and every day to the first responders, the  military personnel, and the civilians who rushed into the smoke and  flames at the Pentagon to lead others to safety.   We express our gratitude to those who have given so much to defend  our Nation against terrorism, the men and women of our Armed Forces.   While millions of Americans watched in horror as the tragedy unfolded  on that terrible day, the thousands of courageous first responders who  rushed to the World Trade Center, who rushed to that field in  Pennsylvania, who rushed to the Pentagon to help search for victims and  to help bring anyone they could to safety, still inspire us. They put  themselves in imminent danger to save the lives of others.   Later on, years later, we learned that the toxic dust and debris that  many were exposed to have caused chronic illnesses. The overwhelmingly  bipartisan vote in the Senate in July to permanently reauthorize the 9/ 11 Victim Compensation Fund ensures that those first responders who  risked their lives to save their fellow Americans will always be  supported and their illnesses treated.   September 11 was a day of personal tragedy for so many families. It  was also an attack on the United States of America and an assault on  civilization. We must never forget what was lost and what remains at  stake. We must continue our pledge--the pledge we made that horrific  day--to do all we can to prevent future attacks.   The fundamental obligation of government is to protect its people.  Since September 11, 2001, we have done much to meet that obligation,  but more work remains. In the aftermath of those attacks, former  Senator from Connecticut Joe Lieberman and I, as the leaders of the  Senate Homeland Security Committee, worked in a bipartisan way with the  leaders of the 9/11 Commission and the families of those who were lost  to terrorist attacks on that day to pass the most sweeping reforms of  our intelligence community since World War II. It is significant that  the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act passed the Senate  by a vote of 96 to 2 and that, of the hundreds of amendments that were  considered, not a single one was decided by a party-line vote.   In what seemed like a moment, September 11, 2001, was transformed  from a day like any other into one that forever will stand alone. The  loss we relive reminds us of the value of all that we must protect. The  heroism reminds us of the unconquerable spirit of the American people.  Our accomplishments remind us that we can meet any challenge. As long  as we keep this day of remembrance in our hearts, we shall meet the  challenges that lie ahead.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   