 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Tlaib for  hosting this Special Order hour on housing and our chair for presiding  during this very critical conversation.   We are here today to talk about one of the most core, important  issues facing the American people, which is housing.   Each and every year, it feels as though, as our wages remain stable  or the same, rent is going up, and it becomes harder and harder to  afford the very things that keep ourselves afloat and alive, whether it  is healthcare, housing, or an education.   During the financial crisis of 2008, American households lost $16  trillion in wealth. Many lost their homes and saw their savings and  retirement funds depleted. More than half of all renters in America,  over 21 million households, were rent-burdened in 2015, meaning that  they spent 30 percent or more of their income on rent.   We are in one of the worst renter crises in a generation. At a time  when our  [[Page H9284]]  country is at its wealthiest, in the city of New York, we are seeing  populations of people who are homeless at the highest rates since the  Great Depression. But there is another way.   When we start to legislate housing as a human right, we begin to  change our priorities and move away from looking at housing as a for- profit commodity for speculation and toward something that should be  guaranteed for all Americans at an affordable rate that can be  accessible to all working people in America.   That is one of the reasons why I have introduced A Place to Prosper  Act, which includes provisions like universal rent control, just cause  evictions, a ban on income discrimination, access to counsel, improving  the quality of the housing stock, and a disclosures requirement on  corporate landlords to rein in bad actors.   Additionally, we also know that the area of housing and construction  is one of the largest contributors to carbon emissions, which is why we  have also introduced the Green New Deal for Public Housing Act. What  that does is that it works and aims to decarbonize the entire public  housing stock in the United States of America.   It is what must be done; it is in accordance with the science; and it  changes the value system through which we approach housing away from  the volatile boom-and-bust speculative environment and toward a secure  and stable economic environment that treats housing as a right.   