 Mr. President, I appreciate my colleagues being down  here again on a bipartisan basis to talk about where we are at this  moment.   We just had two messaging votes. Both of those votes failed. I voted  for both of them because my message was I want to get this government  open. I want to do it quickly and with the sense of urgency that  responds to the men and women who have been so significantly impacted  by this partial government shutdown for the past 34 days. I also want  to be fair to the President's priorities that he has articulated in the  proposal that he has provided to us as recently as Saturday. I think we  can do this together.   My message to folks back home--my message to people is don't give up  hope because now is the time that we all must come together to address  these issues, but you can't do it when the government is shut down.   I have indicated I am supportive of a measure the Senator from  Maryland, Mr. Cardin, has introduced that will allow for a short-term  CR, 3 weeks, allow us then to go through--whether it is the  appropriations process, the Judiciary Committee process--but allow us  to have this debate on these important priorities; allow us to do the  business of the Senate, to do the business of legislating, but let's  also allow the business of the government to proceed by opening up the  government right now.   We will have an opportunity to go back and forth amongst colleagues.  I will remind folks, we have very limited periods of time.   I am going to yield to my colleagues on the other side. It is so  important that we are coming together now to offer some glimmer of  hope.    I would ask that the Senator from Maine be recognized  at this time.    I ask that the Senator from South Carolina be  recognized.    Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Georgia.    Mr. President, how much time remains on the Republican  side?    I thank the Presiding Officer.   I now yield to the Senator from Ohio.    Mr. President, that is exactly why we are here--to get  this government open, to get people paid, and to get people back to  work.   Let me turn to the Senator from Louisiana.    Mr. President, I turn to my colleague from Iowa.    I thank the Senator from Iowa.   I have a question for the Presiding Officer in terms of how much time  remains on the Republican side.    Perfect. We are down to the remaining two speakers, 3  minutes each. I ask that Senator Gardner be recognized at this time.    Mr. President, I now ask that the Senator from Arizona  be recognized.  [[Page S567]]     Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Maryland and  all Senators--on the Republican side and the Democratic side--who came  to the floor after these two votes to express this air of optimism that  we can figure this out.   One of the things I have heard very clearly from both sides is enough  already--enough already. That is what the American people are saying  about this shutdown: Enough already--figure it out.   Well, we got the message. We know what the mission is, and I think  what you have seen expressed here on the floor is the good will and the  good faith that will be extended in these hours and days going forward,  knowing that there is an urgency to get the government open and to  address the legitimate priorities that the President has outlined.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   