 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Medicaid Services  Investment and Accountability Act of 2019 and the important provisions  within this legislation to address mental health and addiction.   Every one of us knows someone who has struggled, is struggling, or  will struggle with mental health issues. Whether it is a friend, a  neighbor, or a family member, mental illness impacts all of us in some  way.   Several years ago, we took a huge step forward to expand access to  mental health services in communities across the Nation. The Excellence  in Mental Health Act of 2014 was the culmination of years of hard work.  At the same time, it was the largest Federal investment toward  improving community-based mental healthcare.   That legislation allowed States to establish certified community  behavioral health centers to ensure everyone who needs mental health  services can receive them. These clinics have expanded mental health  and substance use treatments dramatically, increasing access to 24-hour  care, and they have been extremely successful in showing us how we can  achieve real results in our communities.   Patients can receive medication-assisted treatment at almost every  clinic. For many patients and providers, this is the first time that  such services have been available in their communities, which are very  often in medically underserved areas. Over half of these clinics now  offer same-day access to care, which is so critical to those suffering  from an acute mental health crisis.   I recently heard from a clinic in Oregon that will lose funding at  the end of this week if Congress doesn't act now. This clinic has  doubled the amount of time their doctors are able to spend with  patients, has been able to hire more staff, and goes to meet patients  in the community to better serve the unique needs of this population.  We cannot afford to let this progress expire.   For far too long, those with mental illness have been left in the  shadows, and mental health prevention and treatment have been left out  of our health systems.   The mental health crisis in this country is very personal to me, and  I have been fighting for patients and their loved ones for many years.  I believe there is a lot we can do better to stop or slow down the hurt  and pain patients and families feel when mental health is left  unaddressed.    The bill before us today will extend this critical program in two  States, Oregon and Oklahoma, until June and is a first step toward  funding and expanding the program later this year.   There is a lot more we must do, and I look forward to continuing to  work with my colleague, Representative Markwayne Mullin, to preserve  this vital program.   