 Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 3, the Elijah E.  Cummings Lower Drug Costs Now Act. In his name, the days of putting  profits over people must come to an end.   Madam Chair, to my colleagues across the aisle, why do they consider  this to be a partisan idea?   Drug companies owe a fiduciary duty to make profits for their  shareholders, but as Members of Congress, we have a much more important  shareholder: the American people.   When we try to pass good bills to drive down drug prices, Big Pharma  throws the weight of its lobby to kill them. They talk about innovation  and research and development without disclosing that they spend more on  marketing than they do on innovation, without disclosing that they  could lose $1 trillion in sales and still be the most profitable  industry.   One vial of insulin in America should not cost 10 times what it costs  in Canada. People like my constituents Danielle Thrapp and her son  Brandon should not have to worry about the price of insulin.   People like my constituent Mitchell Lenett shouldn't have to worry  whether his 14-year-old daughter Carly, who has type 1 diabetes, will  be able to afford her insulin when she is no longer on his health  insurance plan. That is why this bill is so important.   The Secretary of HHS must be able to negotiate lower drug prices for  the highest cost prescription drugs, something other countries with far  lower drug prices have long been able to do.   The Congressional Budget Office tells us that H.R. 3 will lower  prices and increase the availability of prescription drugs. The CBO  score says that this bill will reduce Federal spending for Medicare by  at least $345 billion.   This will free up funding for some of our other priorities, like my  bill to increase funding for child abuse prevention and treatment  services and for expanding trauma-informed education practices in our  schools and for mental health services.   Madam Chair, I call on my colleagues to put people over profits,  finally, and pass this bill.   