 Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of my  friend, Congressman Walter Jones, Jr., a man who was known by all of us  throughout his many years serving in this chamber for his kindness, his  southern charm, and his big heart, his fierce independence, and his  pursuit of peace.   Walter left us on February 10, his 76th birthday. He lived a long  life of service: four years in the North Carolina National Guard, ten  years in the North Carolina General Assembly, and nearly 25 years  serving in these halls.   Walter stayed true to himself throughout this time, following his  heart. He was never afraid to challenge the status quo, often to the  chagrin of his party leaders.   We found a common bond and friendship around shared ideals, of  putting people before politics, putting service above self. He knew  that when we see each other as people, as public servants, not just as  Republicans and Democrats that this is when we have the opportunity to  find common ground and work toward our common goal of serving the  people of this country.   Now, in 2002, Walter voted for the Iraq war, the war that I served  in, the war that took the lives of my brothers and sisters in uniform,  the war that took the lives of over 4,000 U.S. servicemembers and over  100,000 Iraqis.   Walter shared with me, as he shared with many others, that this vote  that he took was the biggest regret of his time in public service.   He shared how when he attended a funeral at Camp Lejeune for a 31- year-old marine that was killed in Iraq in March of 2003 while  evacuating wounded troops, everything changed for Walter, because he  sat there and he heard this marine's widow, in front of their three  children, read the final letter that this marine sergeant sent home,  and he saw those three kids, knowing that they would never see their  father again.   This impacted him so deeply, and maybe for the first time caused him  to realize the cost of war and who pays the price. So Walter started  writing. He wrote over 12,000 letters to families who lost their loved  ones in both Iraq and Afghanistan and shared how he begged God to  forgive him for his mistake.   He memorialized those who died from North Carolina's Camp Lejeune, as  you see here, with photos that he displayed for all to see before they  could come inside his office here in Washington.   He became a leading voice not just in his party, but in Congress,  pushing for additional oversight over matters of war and peace. He  called for ending illegal regime-change wars that put our troops' lives  on the line, leaving their families behind. He pointed out that our  taxpayer dollars should not be used to be the policeman of the world.   Walter and I didn't agree on many things, but we also found many  opportunities to work together on things that we strongly believed in.   We cosponsored and co-led the No More Presidential Wars Act, which  rightly put the responsibility back in Congress' hands to declare war,  as the Constitution provides.   He cosponsored my bill, the Stop Arming Terrorists Act, to make sure  that taxpayer dollars are not being used to directly and indirectly  fund terrorist groups, as we have seen done in both Syria and Yemen.   We cosponsored the Weekend Voting Act to strengthen voting rights.   We worked together to strengthen civil liberties and privacy,  upholding our Fourth Amendment rights.   Walter was courageous. He didn't care about party politics, and as a  result, he suffered the consequences in tough primary elections, but he  didn't care. He never hesitated to stand up for what he believed in.    So while Walter and I were two very different people coming from two  very different places, Walter was my dear friend, fellow servicemember,  and my brother. He will be deeply missed.   My heart and prayers go out to his family, his friends, and his loved  ones.   We all know that Walter's legacy of service and his principles and  values will continue to live on in Washington, in the Halls of  Congress, and in the lives of the many people who he touched.   