 Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank  Chairwoman Lowey for yielding. Also, I must thank her for her tireless  work, day and night, on behalf of the American people.   Also, let me thank our Homeland Security chairwoman, Lucille Roybal- Allard, for her brilliance and her hard work. She pushed hard for a  bill that reflects our American values, and I appreciate her  leadership.   The phenomenal work of Chairwoman Lowey, Chairwoman Roybal-Allard,  all the members of the conference committee, and all the Appropriations  chairs and ranking members has just been amazing. I really do salute  them for that. This has been a very, very difficult negotiation, but  they all did it.   This legislation, of course, Mr. Speaker, is not perfect. It is not  the bill that I would have written or chosen. And, yes, I have serious  concerns with several of the provisions, which I will discuss.   But let me tell you, this bill will keep the government open. It will  prevent another shutdown, which caused so much misery for Federal  workers and their families. And it provides funding for humanitarian  assistance, which is desperately needed at the border.   Once more, the package of bills includes funding increases for six  other spending bills, including housing for people living with AIDS,  transportation grants for low-income communities, increased funding for  homelessness, and Section 8 vouchers.   As a member of the Department of Homeland Security Conference  Committee, I was proud to fight for many of our priorities in this  bill, which really reflect our American values.   Being born and raised in the beautiful border town, as I have said  before, of El Paso, Texas, I understand what it means to live in a  border community and why these issues are so important. They speak to  our sense of morality and who we are as a country and, yes, as well as  our security.    With this bill, Democrats held the line, Mr.  Speaker, in denying the President $5.7 billion in funding for an  unnecessary concrete wall. Instead, it includes $1.3 billion in border  fencing only. And it includes strong language to protect sensitive  locations.   Last year, I traveled to Brownsville and McAllen, Texas, where I saw  the horrors of the Trump administration's family detention jails. I saw  children sleeping on concrete floors. It was cruel and inhumane.   Not only did we secure $415 million in this bill for humanitarian  relief, including for enhanced medical support, transportation, and  food at our border, but we got many, many programs and funding for  alternatives to detention.    Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me just say it is  the first step. It is far from perfect, but it does lay the groundwork  that really addresses many of the issues that myself and my colleagues  on the conference committee have fought so hard for.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I ask for an ``aye'' vote.   