 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  American Dream and Promise Act. For too long, Congress has failed to  take action in providing certainty to members in our community whose  immigration status has been thrown into question because of the actions  of this erratic administration. With the passage of this important and  substantial piece of legislation, we will be sending a clear message to  these individuals that they are valued members of our communities.   This bill provides certainty to the roughly 14,600 DREAMers in my  district, including people like Juan Carlos Cerda. Juan Carlos came to  the United States at the age of 7 with his mother from Mexico. Juan  Carlos didn't understand completely what was going on at the time--all  he knew was that he and his mother were leaving Mexico to join his  father in the United States. Juan Carlos worked hard through school and  eventually earned a B.A. at Yale University. He returned to North Texas  as a kindergarten teacher in the Pleasant Grove neighborhood in my  district to contribute back to the community that gave him so much.  Because of the uncertainty surrounding the Deferred Action for  Childhood Arrivals program and the Trump Administration, Mr. Cerda's  work authorization had a cloud of uncertainty. This bill would lift  that cloud and allow people like Mr. Cerda to centime to be  contributing members in our diverse communities.   Furthermore, roughly 2,400 individuals under Temporary Protected  Status and Deferred Enforced Departure within my district will also be  protected under this legislation. These individuals were granted refuge  in the United States while their home countries dealt with issues such  as natural disasters or civil unrest. These individuals have been in  the United States for an average of 22 years and have already set down  roots within my district. We know them as small business owners,  educators, community leaders, and friends. These individuals along with  DREAMers are Americans, just like myself, the only difference is what  is written on a piece of paper.   Overall, up to 2.5 million people who have spent most of their lives  in the United States will have a door of opportunity opened so that  they too can fulfill their vision of the American dream. These  individuals make our country stronger and make valuable contributions  to it every day. As a cosponsor of this bill, I urge my colleagues to  support this legislation and for the Senate to take it up immediately  upon passage in this chamber.   