 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for  bringing my bill, the Deborah Sampson Act, to the floor. And I thank  the ranking member for his support as well.   In 1782, Deborah Sampson disguised herself as a man so she could  serve in the Revolutionary War to protect and defend our democracy. She  was wounded in that war. Her forehead had a gash from a sword, and she  was shot in the leg. But serving as a man made her invisible.   Too many decades later, Congress finally granted her petitions for  the benefits she deserved, and she became one of the first American  women recognized for her military service.   Women have served on land, air, and sea in every conflict in our  Nation's history, yet their remarkable and brave service is often  overlooked.   Through my work as chair of the Women Veterans Task Force, I have met  with countless women veterans across the country who, like Deborah  Sampson, feel invisible. Their service often goes unnoticed, while  veteran men around them are always thanked.   Sadly, women veterans are often harassed when they go to the VA for  help. This denies them the equitable access to the benefits and care  they have earned and deserve.   On a recent visit to VA's only women-centric residential substance  abuse rehabilitation program, an Army veteran told me the program saved  her life. When women-focused resources exist, women veterans use them,  and they thrive.   That is why this bill is vital for America's 2 million women  veterans. It will ensure that women have consistent access to  comprehensive, gender-specific care and services. It will help stop  harassment and ensure that women veterans are fully recognized for  their service.   In 1836, John Quincy Adams stood on the House floor and called Debra  Sampson's ``heroism, fidelity, and courage'' of the ``very highest and  noblest order.'' Congress recognized Debra Sampson's service and, in  doing so, ensured that she was no longer invisible.   To America's women veterans of today, I stand here to say: We see  you, and you are invisible no longer.   I would like to thank Representatives Allred, Brindisi, Correa,  Cunningham, Delgado, Levin, Lee, Pappas, Rose, Underwood, Velazquez,  and Wild, who contributed to this legislation.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3224 to fully recognize and  honor women veterans' service.  [[Page H8772]]        