 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak on my amendment  prohibiting funds from being used to undermine the EPA's Mercury and  Air Toxics Standards, or MATS.   These regulations have been implemented by the power sector and have  protected children and communities from mercury, lead, arsenic, and  other air toxics from power plants for the past 7 years.   Furthermore, the administration's proposal to jeopardize mercury  standards isn't even supported by the power industry. They have already  spent billions to comply, and major power sectors and labor groups have  asked that the standards be left in place and that the EPA does not  move forward with its proposal to undermine them.   Finalized in 2012, the EPA recognized the significant public health  benefits of MATS. Then, the EPA estimated that MATS would yield up to  $90 billion in public health benefits each year. Now, MATS is fully  implemented and has shown to be lifesaving, preventing more than 11,000  premature deaths every year and 130,000 asthma attacks each year.   As a pediatrician, I have seen firsthand the impact of air pollution  on our children. Pregnant women and children are particularly  vulnerable when they are exposed to heavy metals, which impact the  central nervous system with potentially devastating effects on neural  development.   What we are talking about here is a known public health risk to  millions of people. We cannot abandon a policy that has already been  proven to work and save lives. MATS has already been shown to prevent  premature deaths, adverse effects on pregnant women and children, and  health problems like asthma.   It is critical that we protect our children and families from the  well-documented health risks posed by mercury and heavy metals and  prohibit taxpayer dollars from being used to roll back these  safeguards.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield 1 minute  to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. McCollum).    Mr. Chairman, in closing, I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I would simply request that my opposition,  my colleague, double check his facts. This is well-documented. This is  effective. It is cost saving, and the costs have already been paid by  the energy sector. This is something that they do not even want to see  rolled back.   Mr. Chairman, it protects public health. I urge a ``yes'' vote on  this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   