 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am glad to join Senator Stabenow, who  was on the floor just now, to respond to the shameful lies and gross  exaggerations that have been claimed by some on the other side of the  aisle.   Earlier this week, we voted on legislation that some of my colleagues  claimed was needed to outlaw infanticide--the killing of babies. How  absurd. It is, and has always been, illegal to kill any human,  including infants.   So what was in that legislation we voted on earlier this week? To  honestly discuss the bill, we need to have a factually and medically  accurate conversation about abortion.   A healthy fetus becomes potentially able to live outside the womb at  about 24 weeks of pregnancy. Very few abortions occur after that--less  than 1 percent--and generally are performed either because the fetus  has a fatal condition or the pregnant woman's life or health is at  severe risk. These are heartbreaking situations involving very wanted  pregnancies--hardly the time for the heavy hand of government to reach  into our wombs.   Under this bill, doctors will be required to resuscitate infants born  with fatal conditions, even if the parents did not want these measures  that could prolong their infant's suffering and instead wanted to spend  the limited time they had with their baby comforting their child and  holding them close.   How dare anyone pretend to know what care is best for these families  instead of trusting them and their doctors to decide. How dare Congress  interject itself into a decision we have no business deciding for  others. Yet this is exactly what this bill would have done.   I encourage my colleagues to read stories from women who have been  speaking up about their experiences with abortion later in pregnancy.  These stories are usually found on the internet as well as in the  national press, as more women feel under attack and are coming forward  to tell their stories. Perhaps, in hearing from these women, my  colleagues will realize what these women need is compassion, not  condemnation.   Stories like that of Dana Weinstein, who bravely told her story to  CNN. Years ago, Dana and her husband learned at 31 weeks that their  daughter's brain had a severe defect. Doctors told the couple their  daughter would not be able to suck or swallow and would most likely  suffer from uncontrollable seizures upon birth. They heard what a  resuscitation order would entail. They listened to what an existence,  short-lived or otherwise, would look like. They were briefed on hospice  care.   After the diagnosis, the kicks in Dana's belly, which had given her  so much joy, became unbearable. She feared her daughter was seizing and  may be suffering. Ultimately, Dana and her husband decided to get an  abortion. For this baby they loved, it felt like--in their words--``a  more peaceful path for her passing.''   These are the stories. Compassion and understanding are what is  needed in these instances, but instead of compassion, what my  colleagues have offered this week is inflammatory political rhetoric  and shaming and intimidating women and their providers who care for  them in an attempt to score partisan points.   President Trump--never missing an opportunity to score partisan  points--weighed in on Twitter claiming that Senate Democrats ``don't  mind executing babies after birth.''   Today former Governor Scott Walker said to a crowd at the  Conservative Political Action Conference that ``people are taking  already-born babies from the hospital and aborting them there''--a  comment that doesn't even make sense.   Republican National Committee chair, Ronna McDaniel, chimed in at the  same conference, calling the choice that women like Dana make murder.  These charges are false, incendiary, and this sort of language is  intended to incite the Republican Party's base. It emboldens violence  against abortion providers--violence which nearly doubled from 33  reported death threats or threats of harm in 2016 to 62 in 2017,  according to the National Abortion Federation.   The hard truth is, the Republican Party hurts women. One of the ways  they are doing this is by working as hard as they can to set up  barriers or to eliminate entirely safe and legal abortions wherever  they can.   They demonize women who face the heartbreaking situation of needing  an abortion later in pregnancy, oftentimes for medical reasons.   They want to cut off crucial healthcare dollars to providers who even  discuss abortion with patients. This is a gag rule that this  administration is seeking to impose.   They create loopholes to allow businesses to exclude coverage for  contraception for workers, and to make sure that these and all of their  other efforts stick, they pack the Federal courts with a line of  aggressively anti-choice judges to uphold Federal Agency actions and  State laws restricting abortion access.   Doing the bidding of these rightwing ideologue supporters like the  Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, Donald Trump has sent  us judicial nominee after nominee with records of attacking a woman's  right to choose as laid out in the Supreme Court's opinion in Roe v.  Wade and restated in Planned Parenthood v. Casey.   These nominees come before the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which I  serve, and parrot the line provided for them by the Trump  administration. When asked if they will respect precedent and uphold  Roe v. Wade, they say they will ``follow the law.'' Then, when they get  confirmed, they are in a position, with their lifetime appointments, to  do exactly the opposite.   The prime and most dangerous example of this kind of bait and switch  is Brett Kavanaugh--a notoriously rightwing political lawyer appointed  by George W. Bush to the second highest court in the United States--the  Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit.   Kavanaugh was not even on Donald Trump's original so-called short  list of possible Supreme Court nominees--not the list released before  the 2016 election and not the first list released thereafter. No,  Kavanaugh only found a place on that list after he wrote a harsh  dissent in a case involving a young refugee's right to an abortion.   A minor, then 17 years old, was being kept in the custody of the  Department of Health and Human Services because she had entered the  United States without documentation. Where she was held in Texas, in  order to access abortion services, a minor must have parental consent  or receive permission from the judge. This is called a judicial  bypass--to proceed without that parental consent.   In this case, called Garza v. Hargan, the young woman did go through  the process of going to court and receiving a judicial bypass. She had  people willing and able to transport her and to  [[Page S1580]]  pay for the health services she needed, but the radical Trump appointee  in charge, well known for his anti-abortion views, decided it would be  in her best interest to find adult sponsors for her first, presumably  to help her make a decision, but the Texas court had already decided  she could make her own decision, and she did.   She challenged the Trump appointee and his Agency, and ultimately a  majority of the DC Circuit agreed with her that she had the legal right  to an abortion and the Federal Government could not delay any further.   Brett Kavanaugh, sitting on that circuit, disagreed and wrote a  dissent, which must have captured the attention of those in charge of  Donald Trump's Supreme Court short list because not long after his name  appeared on that list.   What did he write to earn his place on the list and eventually a  nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court? He wrote a dissenting opinion  that falsely characterized the Garza case as one about parental  consent, which we know was not so because a judicial bypass was already  in place.   He wrote the dissent using the code words of the extreme anti-choice  and anti-women wing of the Republican Party. He accused the majority on  that court of creating ``a new right for unlawful immigrant minors in  U.S. government detention to obtain immediate abortion on demand.'' He  was wrong. There was no new right being created.   He falsely claimed that by permitting the abortion ``[t]he majority's  decision represents a radical extension of the Supreme Court's abortion  jurisprudence.'' He was wrong again. The majority decision was correct  under Roe v. Wade.   He wrote it was not an undue burden for this young woman to be  prevented from getting an abortion until a sponsor family could be  found for her. This was not even a legal argument, but he based his  dissent on it. That is the dissent that moved Brett Kavanaugh to the  head of the line on the short list for a nomination to the U.S. Supreme  Court, where he sits.   So when he came to the Judiciary Committee for a hearing, some  Senators--myself included--were rightly skeptical that he would respect  precedent if confirmed. At his hearing, Ranking Member Dianne Feinstein  asked Judge Kavanaugh about Roe v. Wade and its status as settled  precedent. He testified that Roe was ``settled as a precedent of the  Supreme Court, entitled to respect under principles of stare decisis.''   He further went on: ``Planned Parenthood v. Casey reaffirms Roe and  did so by considering the stare decisis factors. So Casey now becomes a  precedent on precedent.''   It sure sounds like someone who will apply the precedents of Roe and  Casey and others who rely on them, doesn't it? That is not so.   The very first opportunity he got, Brett Kavanaugh, as Supreme Court  Justice, voted against following precedent. Not 4 months after his  confirmation, Justice Kavanaugh voted in the minority in a Supreme  Court case called June Medical Services v. Gee to allow a restrictive,  anti-abortion law in Louisiana to take effect.   This law would have so restricted access to abortion that only one  provider would have been left in the entire State of Louisiana of 4.7  million people. Even Chief Justice Roberts voted with the majority to  block the law. That is because it was clear from recent precedent in  Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt that such restrictions don't meet  constitutional standards.   Justice Kavanaugh's cavalier attitude to the burden that he would put  on a woman's ability to exercise their constitutional right is no  surprise. His callous disregard for the way unwanted pregnancies can  change the lives of women and children is not unexpected, and his  willingness to hew to the party line of his supporters and ignore the  assurances he gave the Senate is simply par for the course with Trump  judicial nominees. This is what they do. It is an abuse of power, and  women across the country are paying for it.   Why do my colleagues across the aisle use this Chamber, time and  again, to bring forward political shams that shame and retraumatize  women who face profoundly heartbreaking situations? The will of over  half of this country is 67 percent of Americans support Roe v. Wade and  access to safe and legal abortion. Sixty-seven percent of Americans  support a woman's right to choose.   How is it that Republicans continue to bring forward bill after bill  and amendment after amendment that goes against a constitutionally  protected right of women--of women? This is why I say Republicans hurt  women.   I am proud of the vote I cast in opposition to the sham bill we voted  on this week. My vote was rooted in fact and understanding about what  an abortion in later pregnancy actually means. It was rooted in the  understanding that when faced with these difficult situations, these  decisions are best left to a woman and her doctor. These decisions  should not rest with the U.S. Senate.   My vote was cast with a clear understanding that if unchecked or  unchallenged, this administration and this Senate will continue to  assault a woman's right to choose and chip away at it bit by bit, where  it will end up being a nullity, and that is what they want.   I will continue to stand in opposition to attacks that seek to limit  the personal freedom of women across the country and what would be more  of a personal freedom for a woman than to exercise control over her own  body?   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   