 Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to take  action to address the crisis of missing and murdered indigenous women  and girls in this country. It is a crisis that we need to address now,  and we can do this in the Senate by updating the Violence Against Women  Act, which expired earlier this year.   I would like to thank my colleagues who have been able to join with  us today to speak on this important topic led by Senator Udall, and it  is wonderful to be here today with Senator Murray as well.   Last month, I had an opportunity to lead a roundtable at the  Minnesota State Capitol to discuss the crisis of missing and murdered  indigenous women. This is a crisis that affects Tribal nations all over  my State, as well as urban indigenous communities. I was there with Lt.  Gov. Peggy Flanagan, who is the highest ranking Native woman elected in  an executive branch role here in the United States. It was wonderful to  be there with her and all of the advocates who were present as well.   At the roundtable, I heard about survivors who have experienced  trafficking and sexual violence who feel invisible. I heard from Native  advocates and families of victims who feel they are not being listened  to by local law enforcement, and they also understand that there is a  lack of knowledge about cultural and traditional practices that is  impeding the efforts to end this crisis and to get help and healing to  Native women who have been victimized.   In Minnesota, I hear time and again from leaders of Tribal nations-- from Red Lake and White Earth to Bois Forte, Mille Lacs, and Prairie  Island--who speak of violent crimes on their land, including the crisis  of missing and murdered indigenous women. I hear from some of these  leaders about how they are unable to take action against the nonmember  offenders who are committing these crimes.   According to the National Institute of Justice, 84 percent of Native  women have experienced violence in their lifetimes--84 percent--and  over half of Native women and more than one in four men have  experienced sexual violence. Among those, almost all--96 percent of  women and 89 percent of men--were victimized by a non-Tribal member.  Few of these survivors end up seeing justice because what is happening  is that the Federal Government is failing to address the scourge of  violence against Native communities.   Raising awareness of this crisis is important, and that is what we  are working to do today, but there are several bipartisan measures in  the Senate that would take significant steps to address it. We must  take action, and I am here today to talk about some of the things we  can do.   In April, the House passed a Violence Against Women Act  reauthorization bill with many strong Tribal protections to address the  crisis of missing and murdered indigenous women, including my bill,  with Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, to help Tribes seek and get  justice for their members and for survivors.   Our bill, which is called the Justice for Native Survivors of Sexual  Violence Act, expands upon the landmark special domestic violence  jurisdiction granted to Tribes during the last rewrite of the Violence  Against Women Act in 2013.   Our bill would allow Tribes to prosecute cases of sexual assault,  trafficking, and stalking, among other crimes of sexual violence,  against nonmember offenders. Think about what this means today. If you  are a nonmember and you commit a crime of sexual violence against a  Tribal member, the Tribe, which is often in the best position to follow  up on, investigate, and prosecute that crime, is currently unable to do  that.   The bill that I am working on with Senator Murkowski would fix that  problem in the Violence Against Women Act. Without this jurisdiction,  Tribes are unable to pursue charges against all offenders who commit  crimes of sexual violence on Tribal land. Instead, those offenders go  largely unpunished, as Federal courts fail to investigate or to  prosecute these crimes. Passing our bill would go a long way toward  deterring violence against Native women in Indian Country and holding  offenders accountable when it happens.   I call on the Senate to take bold action to address the crisis of  violence against Native communities by taking up the reauthorization of  the Violence Against Women Act and passing this legislation as soon as  possible.   Any reauthorization bill must include strong Tribal protections, such  as our Justice for Native Survivors bill, so that survivors can begin  to heal and we can prevent violence from happening in the first place.  Survivors and families of victims deserve this at the very least.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, first, I just want to say, as Senator Udall  knows, I was born in New Mexico, so I have a strong affinity for his  wonderful State, my home State--my original home State--and I learned  so much about the amazing cultural assets of indigenous people and  Native American people in the Southwest.   When I moved to Minnesota and I had an opportunity to get to know  Minnesota's 11 sovereign Tribal Nations, that was sort of my foundation  for that work. When I became aware of how Native women, who were so  often the victims of sexual violence, are literally invisible in the  criminal justice system, I was just really horrified.   First, notice this: As Senator Udall and I were talking about this  issue with many others in the Indian Affairs Committee, I became aware  that there are thousands and thousands of women who have been reported  missing, yet the Justice Department has on their big list only about  100 of them. Literally, these women are invisible.   In the roundtable that I had with Lieutenant Governor Flanagan last  [[Page S2676]]  week and in other conversations I have had, I have heard personal  stories so many times of women, like Savanna Greywind, who are murdered  in terrible and violent ways and don't end up ever--their family never  has the opportunity to feel the sense of justice and healing that you  have from knowing that the perpetrator of this terrible violence has  been brought to justice.   I am just going to--I would like to tell one story about a woman whom  I spoke with in Saint Paul whose daughter was murdered in January of  2018. To this day, she still awaits the release of her daughter's body  because of mixups and snafus in the system. Imagine what that would be  like. This is just one example of how Native women in the criminal  justice system don't get the dignity and the respect they deserve.   I yield the floor.   