 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my commonsense  broadband mapping amendment to H.R. 1644, the Save the Internet Act of  2019.   The digital gap between our rural and urban communities is real, and  I hear about it from the people I serve every day.   According to the FCC's 2018 Broadband Deployment Report, more than 30  percent of rural Americans lack access to high-speed fixed broadband,  compared to only 2 percent of urban Americans. This disparity has long- term implications for the economic strength and security of our  country.   In rural America, a lack of reliable broadband internet makes it  harder for businesses to find customers and attract new employees.  Without reliable broadband internet, communities across this country  face challenges attracting new businesses and investment.   In rural America, farmers have a tougher time using the latest  precision agriculture technology, and in places without reliable  broadband internet, kids find it difficult to complete their homework  assignments.   In our district in central Virginia, farmers and producers are  disadvantaged because the lack of broadband makes doing business  harder. In our district, constituents drive their kids to McDonald's or  to neighboring counties so that they can complete their research  projects for school. And what is happening in our district is happening  nationwide.   Today, we are considering a critical piece of legislation to champion  the idea of a free and open internet.   There is no question that rural broadband internet access should be a  part of this conversation, as this bill would also include a provision  to restore the FCC's authority to fund the expansion of broadband  access across our rural communities. But right now, there are many  questions surrounding the accuracy of the FCC's broadband internet  maps, which detail which areas in the United States have high-speed  internet coverage and which do not.   These maps have important implications for our rural communities,  schools, and businesses. These maps are used to award funding and  subsidies to expand broadband coverage to areas that don't have it,  and, in many cases, these efforts have led to great success.   However, these maps have been found to be inaccurate, incomplete, or  unreliable. Often a map will claim an entire area is covered by high- speed broadband when, in reality, only a small portion of that area has  reliable coverage.   This trend should not be the status quo in our digital age because it  leaves so many rural families underserved. Areas where the FCC's maps  incorrectly say there is high-speed rural broadband connectivity are  often ineligible for funding to expand broadband, and these  inaccuracies greatly disadvantage our rural communities.   Erroneous information in these maps could be the difference between a  senior citizen being able to access lifesaving telemedicine services or  not; it could be the difference between a farmer who can keep up with  market fluctuations halfway across the world or not; and it could  control the ability of a young, aspiring student to access online  information, college applications, and research materials.   My amendment to the Save the Internet Act would address a lack of  reliable broadband internet connectivity in our rural communities, and  it would begin to fix the errors in our current broadband maps.   My amendment would require the Government Accountability Office to  produce a full report that examines the accuracy and quality of the  FCC's broadband mapping. This report would also identify what the FCC  should do to produce more accurate, reliable, and high-quality maps.   Additionally, the GAO report required by my amendment would help  identify the scope of the broadband mapping problem and actually  suggest solutions. With this new information, the FCC would be better  able to update its maps so that we can properly target our broadband  expansion efforts to the rural towns, townships, and communities across  our district.   Better maps of broadband coverage are a critical first step toward  getting high-speed internet to every household, something we should aim  to do in our globalized, digitally-focused economy. As we are having  important discussions about protecting and expanding reliable access to  the internet, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to H.R.  1644.  [[Page H3233]]    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   