 First, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I also want to thank our chair, Congresswoman Karen Bass, and Stacey  Plaskett for leading this beautiful tribute tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight in honor of the life and legacy of  Chairman Elijah Cummings, who was a great statesman and leader, but  also a kind and gentle human being who led with both his head and his  heart.   My heart is heavy tonight as I offer my deepest condolences to my  friends, Dr. Maya Rockeymoore Cummings, the  [[Page H8289]]  entire family, his staff, and the people of Baltimore, whom he loved  and served with courage and boldness.   Yes, he was a person of deep faith, which was that guiding light in  everything that he did. Elijah was the son of two pastors, and he took  care of his mother and his father in their last years on Earth.   Elijah had been a friend and adviser to me since I first came to  Congress. When I was first elected, he gave me much-needed  encouragement, knowing that I had come in a special election, replacing  my mentor and my friend, the late great Congressman Ron Dellums, who  had some big shoes to fill.   But Elijah told me early on, he said: Hey, you have got to step out  there, carve out your own agenda, and get out there and do your job,  what you need to do to serve the people of your district.   He wanted to help me. We talked about how he could do that. He was  the first Member of Congress--and he was so eager to do this--to visit  my district early on in my tenure.   We had a town meeting on gun safety, mass incarceration, and criminal  justice reform. I have to tell you, Mr. Speaker, my constituents were  in awe. They also send their condolences this evening.   This was a defining moment for me as he lifted me up as a new Member  of Congress in my district in a way that no one had, and he continued  to support me and advise me on many important decisions.   Also, like Congresswoman Jackson Lee, I had the privilege to be with  Congressman Cummings in his district several times. The first time was  when he invited CBC members to visit his HIV/AIDS clinics and other  community organizations. It was so remarkable to see how people not  only respected him as a great Member of Congress, but how they loved  and connected with him as their brother who never lost touch with the  people.   So Elijah will be remembered as a man who pulled no punches, was  authentic to the core, and a champion for our democracy. The greatest  tribute to his work will be for all of us to continue to stand and  defend our democracy with the same passion, vigor, and determination  that he had.   I will miss Elijah's wise counsel, his words of encouragement, his  support, and his leadership.   May his legacy live on, and may he rest in peace and power.   I will miss you so much, Elijah. May God bless.   