 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have often said healthcare is not  political. It is personal, and there is no part of healthcare that is  more personal than the decision if, when, and under what circumstances  to have a child and who decides the medical course of action in a  serious medical crisis.   These decisions need to be made by women, their families, and their  doctors. They should not be made by politicians who are more focused on  their own political advantage rather than medical tragedies facing  pregnant women at the end of pregnancy who want desperately to have a  child.   Our Republican friends know very well that nobody--and I mean  nobody--in this Chamber supports infanticide. No one. In fact, in 2002,  Congress voted unanimously--100 Members, including myself--to reaffirm  that it is illegal, period. Suggesting otherwise is insulting and,  frankly, disgusting, and it is beneath the dignity of the U.S. Senate.   How dare the majority pretend to care about the health of women and  children. If the Republican majority cares about the health of moms and  their babies, why are you continuing to try to take their healthcare  away? The President and the Republican majority have tried again and  again and again to repeal the Affordable Care Act.   Let me remind you that before the Affordable Care Act, insurance  companies could, and most of the time did, refuse to cover maternity  care as basic healthcare for women, leaving parents with bills of tens  of thousands of dollars for an uncomplicated birth.   As a member of the Senate Finance Committee, I was proud to author  the provision requiring maternity care in the Affordable Care Act. I  remember the debate. I remember a very specific debate with a former  colleague from Arizona, and I remember Republican efforts to strip that  provision to cover maternity care from the Affordable Care Act.  Fortunately, they were not successful. Now the administration is  legalizing and offering junk insurance plans that treat being a woman  as a preexisting condition again.   One study found that none--none--of the newly approved plans cover  maternity care. Maternity care is not a frill. It is basic healthcare  for women, and if we are seeing more and more of these healthcare plans  being put on the market, where women assume they are going to be  covered and once again will not be, that is outrageous.   Why aren't we passing a bill to guarantee that prenatal care and  maternity care are covered for moms and babies as essential healthcare  in every insurance plan? I assure you, this medical care is essential,  and until parts of the Affordable Care Act began to be unwound by the  administration, it was viewed as essential care for every woman.   How dare you pretend to care about the health of women and children  while voting to dramatically slash Medicaid and healthcare for low- income working families. When you gut Medicaid, you are keeping moms  and babies from getting the healthcare they need. In fact, Medicaid  provided prenatal care and maternity care for 43 percent of American  moms and babies born in 2016--43 percent. Why aren't we voting to  strengthen Medicaid? Why aren't we voting to strengthen Medicaid  healthcare for moms and babies? Why isn't that being brought to the  floor?   A few years ago, the Senate Finance Committee reported out a bill  that I led with Senator Grassley called the Quality Care for Moms and  Babies Act. This bill would create a set of maternal and infant quality  care standards in the Children's Health Insurance Program and Medicaid.  The goal is simple: improving maternal and infant health outcomes.  Shouldn't we all want to do that?   Let me be clear. We have no uniform quality standards right now  across the country for almost half of the births that occur every year.  The Quality Care for Moms and Babies Act will help  [[Page S1579]]  make sure every mom--every mom--gets the best pregnancy care possible  and every baby gets a healthy start. Why isn't that a top priority for  action in the U.S. Senate, to protect the health of moms and babies?   Let's also be clear. We have a real healthcare crisis that we need to  address in this country. In most of the world, fewer and fewer women  are dying from child birth but not in the United States. In fact, our  maternal mortality rate is climbing. More women are dying, and our  infant mortality rate ranks a shameful 32 out of 35 of the world's  wealthiest nations. The United States of America is 32 out of 35  countries--wealthiest countries in the world--in the number of infants  that are dying in birth. That is something we need to have a sense of  urgency to act on.   There are a lot of things on healthcare. There are a lot of things to  improve outcomes for children and moms and give them a healthy start  and a healthy life that we should be doing right now, as well as  stopping the administration from undermining basic healthcare for women  and children. It is time to stop the cynical political stunts and start  protecting--really protecting--the health of moms and babies.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   