 Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Madam Chair, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are  relentless in their pursuit to eliminate an entire sector of  postsecondary education--proprietary institutions, or taxpaying  institutions.   In their zealous effort to bury these types of institutions under  additional red tape and redundant bureaucratic mandates, Democrats are  wasting taxpayer dollars and valuable Pentagon time.   I have said during our Education and Labor Committee hearings, and I  will say it again and again, I support accountability for all  postsecondary education institutions. Students should not be taken  advantage of or harmed at any institution. That is why Congress and the  armed services have tough standards in place that hold all institutions  accountable for taxpayer dollars.   These requirements include two agencies already overseeing schools  participating in aid programs. The Pentagon is already required through  the Tuition Assistance program to evaluate the educational  institutions' overall effectiveness in administering its academic  program, courses, and general customer satisfaction; and the Department  of Education is tasked with--and has the expertise to--monitor the  school's fiscal health according to standards established by the  American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. If institutions  fail to meet either of these requirements, there are serious  consequences.   In addition to doubling bureaucracy, this amendment fails to help  students and their families in any meaningful way.  [[Page H5555]]    Instead of voting for this ineffective amendment, I invite  Representative Shalala and others to join me in reforming the Higher  Education Act to hold all institutions accountable to all students.   I appreciate my colleague for saying that her colleagues on this side  of the aisle support our veterans. I agree that all veterans deserve  our thanks and all the freedom they have fought for, including the  right to attend the school of their choice.   Madam Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment, I urge my colleagues  to vote ``no'', and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I would like to inquire of  the Chair how much time is remaining.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/4\ minutes to  the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker).     Madam Chair, I yield the gentleman from  Pennsylvania an additional 15 seconds.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe).    Madam Chair, I want to reiterate again  what I said before: we support veterans. We want them to get a great  education, but we want them to have the choices that they have fought  for. They have sacrificed for freedoms for our country, and they  deserve to have all the freedoms that they possibly need.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   