 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to amend House  Resolution 767 to provide for voting by a manual call of the roll so  the American people can see precisely who is supporting the impeachment  of a duly-elected President.   Members should be required to stand and identify themselves openly  and on camera on the question of adoption of these Articles of  Impeachment.    Madam Speaker, I rise today on the floor of this  magnificent Chamber, the very heart of our democratic Republic, and I  would imagine, Madam Speaker, that every one of us in this Chamber,  regardless of party, understands, shares a common view, that being  citizens of this great Republic is among life's most tremendous  blessings.   We all know that no force on Earth is more powerful than the force of  freedom. It is our miraculous constitutional system, Madam Speaker,  defended by our men and women in uniform that has safeguarded that  freedom for 230 years.   Each one of us in this Chamber bears a sacred duty, passed down to us  through generations and affirmed in our oath of office, to preserve and  protect our Constitution.   Madam Speaker, our Nation's Framers recognized that this Republic is  fragile and that extreme partisanship can be among the most severe  threats to its survival. That is why, in Federalist 65, Alexander  Hamilton wrote: ``. . . there will always be the greatest danger that  the decision will be regulated more by the comparative strength of  parties, than by the real demonstrations of innocence or guilt.''   Madam Speaker, our Democratic colleagues have been working to remove  this President since the day he was elected, searching for an offense  on which they could impeach. Failing to find one, Madam Speaker, they  have decided to assume one.   Rather than attempting to enforce their subpoenas in court, they have  also decided to declare it a high crime and misdemeanor when the  President of the United States asserts his constitutional privileges.   The Democrats are asking Members of this body to impeach, despite the  fact that they have presented no direct evidence of any impeachable  offense.   Let me say it one more time, Madam Speaker. They have presented no  direct evidence of any impeachable offense.   If anyone in this Chamber still believes the Democrats have proven  their case, I would urge those Members to ask the chairman of the  Intelligence Committee, Mr. Schiff, why he failed to appear to answer  questions about his report. Before Members vote for impeachment, they  might want to know why the author of the impeachment report will not  defend it under questioning.   If the House impeaches here, Madam Speaker, it will create exactly  the type of risk the Framers cautioned us to avoid: It will mean that  divided government can imperil a democratically elected President based  on unproven allegations and innuendo in the absence of direct  testimony.   Despite all the rhetoric you have heard today, Madam Speaker, passage  of these Articles of Impeachment may permanently damage our Republic.  From this day forward, a hyperpartisan bare majority can cite this  precedent to try to remove a future Commander in Chief.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  think of our Republic, think of the Constitution, think of the oath  that we all swore to protect and defend that Constitution, and vote  against these partisan, reckless, and dangerous Articles of  Impeachment.   