 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, the administration submitted a  supplemental request last week for an additional $2.9 billion in  emergency appropriations for the unaccompanied children program.   We are carefully reviewing that request. We expect the administration  to provide further details about the proposed use of those funds. We  have had bicameral, bipartisan meetings to get more details on the  request, and we expect that in the next several days, but we need  additional details from the administration before we can sign off on  this request.   How many children are expected to be referred by Customs and Border  Protection over the next few months? What kind of shelter beds are we  paying for with the $2.9 billion?   Let's be clear. There are child welfare differences, and major cost  differences, among traditional beds that are $250 a night, soft-sided  dormitories, and brick and mortar influx shelters, which run from $750  to $1,250 per bed per day.   Does the estimate include appropriate onsite mental health  professionals and clinicians for facilities so that the children have  access to the services they are legally required to have? We know they  have been wanting in those services.   These staffing ratios are critical, as are legal services and child  advocates for the most vulnerable children in ORR's care. We need to  know if these costs have been included in OMB's estimate.   I assure my colleagues, we are taking this request seriously, but you  should not be fooled. This bill is not the right vehicle. It is the  wrong bill for the unaccompanied children program.   This motion to recommit does not provide funding for unaccompanied  children. It adds $2.9 million to the account for Head Start.   Madam Speaker, my friends should have been with us on the  appropriations bill on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and  related agencies just 2 days ago. They had a chance to vote for $4.5  billion for childcare, for child welfare. They said no. They said no to  this.   So don't be fooled by this, keeping in mind this is the 1-year  anniversary of their child abuse policy to separate our kids at the  border.   You want to know about unaccompanied kids? You could have cared for  them last year and every day since.   Vote ``no'' on the motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Iowa  (Mrs. Axne).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   