 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  H.R. 393, a resolution ``Remembering the victims of Tiananmen Square.''   H. Res. 393 remembers the victims of the violent suppression of  democracy protests in Tiananmen Square and elsewhere in China on June 3  and 4, 1989 and calls on the Government of the People's Republic of  China to respect the universally recognized human rights of all people  living in China and around the world.   On June 4, 1989, a violent crackdown on peaceful demonstrations held  in and around Beijing's Tiananmen Square was carried out by the  People's Liberation Army, following orders given by the Government of  the People's Republic of China.   An estimated 1,000,000 people joined the protests in Tiananmen Square  and citizens in over 400 Chinese cities staged similar protests calling  for democratic reform, including not only students, but also government  employees, journalists, workers, police officers, members of the armed  forces, and other citizens.   These peaceful demonstrations of 1989 called upon the Government of  the People's  [[Page H4236]]  Republic of China to eliminate corruption, accelerate economic and  political reform, and protect human rights, particularly the freedoms  of expression and assembly, issues that remain relevant in United  States-China relations 30 years later.   Although these activists' reform efforts continue to inspire the  Chinese people, the Government of the People's Republic of China takes  active measures to deny its citizens the truth about the Tiananmen  Square massacre, including the blocking of uncensored internet sites  and social media commentary on microblog and other messaging services,  and the placement of misleading information on the events of June 3 and  4, 1989, on internet sites available in China.   The Chinese government also continues to silence the voices and  memory of these activists through gruesome attacks on demonstrators who  recognize the false information being spread by the Chinese Government.   On May 20, 1989, martial law was declared in Beijing, China, after  authorities had failed to persuade demonstrators to leave Tiananmen  Square, sending thousands of armed troops, supported by tanks and other  armor, moved into Beijing and the surrounding streets where the forces  fired into crowds of unarmed civilians.   The ``Remembering the victims of Tiananmen Square'' Act promises to  do this by expressing sympathy and solidarity to the families of those  killed, tortured, and imprisoned for their participation in the pro- democracy demonstrations during the spring of 1989 in Beijing and in  other cities across the People's Republic of China and verbally  supporting the leaders of the Tiananmen demonstrations and all those  who peacefully sought political reform, democratic transparency, the  rule of law, and protections for universally recognized human rights in  China.   The resolution also renounces the practices of the Chinese  government's actions during and after the Tiananmen Square Protest and  calls on the government to take responsibility for the number of deaths  that occurred during the violent suppression of the spring 1989  Tiananmen demonstrations, rehabilitate the reputations of those who  participated in the demonstrations and those detained for seeking to  commemorate the anniversary of the demonstrations, and cease the  censoring of information and discussion about the Tiananmen Square  massacre, including at Confucius Institutes worldwide.   Through these actions, H.R. 393 promises to adequately relay the  United States' disappointment with the violence towards Tiananmen  demonstrators and aid the advocates and protestors in their quest for  protected human rights.   The Government of the People's Republic of China continues to  actively suppress universally recognized rights by imprisoning or  restricting the activities of pro-democracy activists, human rights  lawyers, citizen journalists, labor union leaders, religious believers,  members of ethnic minorities, and individuals in the Xinjiang and  Tibetan regions, among many others who seek to express their political  or religious views or their ethnic identity in a peaceful manner.   Despite persistent, ongoing, and sometimes brutal repression, the  desire of Chinese citizens to risk life, limb, and liberty to exercise  universally recognized human rights, ensure the rule of law, and  promote political reform cannot be extinguished, thus the legacy of  Tiananmen Square lives on.    Madam Speaker, I rise to support the underlying bill  and the rule that is presently before us.   As I do so, let me thank my colleague on the Judiciary Committee. We  have served for any number of years, and Congresswoman Lofgren has been  on the front lines of reason and trying to address the question of  comprehensive immigration reform.   Together, respectively, and parallel to each other, we have  introduced, over and over again, comprehensive immigration reform. We  have watched it be refuted and rebutted by those who really could have  helped us solve even the problem of the surge that we are seeing  crossing the border today.   Let me, as well, thank Madam Speaker, who has been engaged in a very  important way, and my friend and colleague Lucille Roybal-Allard, who  has clearly been leading on this issue and many others. Let me thank  the Judiciary Committee as well, where we came together as a team.   Let me reinforce what has been said over and over again, and that is  that Dreamers are Americans. Those who  [[Page H4239]]  are beneficiaries of TPS, they have been here 20 to 30 years because of  the difficulty of their home countries. They have, likewise, shown  themselves to love this country.   There was a period of time when Dreamers had joined in and went to  the Iraq war. They were not citizens, but they went there because they  loved this country so much. They came as a child, and they realized the  wonderment of this country.   It is important to convince those who believe that we are opening the  doors and that we are reckless. Let me be very clear. Besides the  Immigration and Nationality Act that is already in existence, there are  very clear parameters on dealing with people who are felons or a threat  to national security, individuals who have committed DUIs, those who  have misdemeanors. There are clear parameters of ensuring that the  Nation is protected. But, as well, there is dignity and human rights.   There is also the question of what investment in dollars you will  lose, what you will throw away, $460 billion from the national GDP over  the decade from 685,000 workers--in my own State, $8 billion annually  in the State GDP.   Immigrants are in the fabric of our society. We are immigrant and  nonimmigrant. All of us have come from that history. Mine is different,  having been brought here by, meaning those who are of African American  heritage, as slaves.   386,300 immigrants are eligible under the American Dream and Promise  Act, and 120,000 live in Harris County.   But this is the story that I want to tell and dwell on. A Dreamer  died trying to rescue Hurricane Harvey victims. That is Alonso Guillen,  who came to help those in the darkest moments of our region, during  Hurricane Harvey, the greatest and most significant disaster.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her  courtesy.   He came from Lufkin, Texas. He loved Texas football and country  music. He had fundraisers for any manner of needs in his area.   When he saw the devastation and the people in water in Harris County,  and we were in 51 trillion gallons of water, he came, with a little  boat and a friend. He didn't ask whether they were immigrant or  nonimmigrant, Dreamer or non-Dreamer, what their background was. As  they were in the water, as they were on their rooftops, as they were  desperate without food, he came.    Tragically, his family had come to, ultimately, find him floating in  the water, when his boat had toppled and, we believe, had been impacted  by the wires in the water.   This is the face of Dreamers. This is the face of those who would  benefit from temporary protective status coming from Nepal, from El  Salvador, and from countries that are under major devastation.   Many times, there is crime in America, and I understand that. But  people don't imagine what it is to flee from the natural disasters that  these individuals have fled from, to have no relief from the  government, and to compound that with the violence that is going on,  knowing so much violence.   I stand here today to ask for rational thought. With a multitude of  organizations, I want to raise up one, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. It  doesn't come lightly to this question. I would argue that, had we  passed comprehensive immigration reform 10 years ago, 15 years ago, the  question of surging across the border would not be an issue.   Let me also be clear that we have built barriers across the border  for more than a decade. I remember giving huge sums of money to ensure  it, in certain spaces.   What we are saying now is that that is not a sole solution. The  solution is regularizing individuals with the safeguards of this  legislation.   I would hope my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, as Americans,  understand that this Nation was built with the sweat and tears and love  of immigrants. Every American, except Native Americans, can point to  coming from somewhere else, no matter what condition they were in when  they came.   I ask our colleagues to support this legislation, H.R. 6, because it  is the American thing to do.   Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary  and on Homeland Security, and a representative of a state on the  southern border, I rise in strong support of the rule governing debate  of H.R. 6, the ``American Dream and Promise Act of 2019,'' and the  underlying legislation.   The American Dream and Promise Act of 2019 establishes a roadmap to  U.S. citizenship for (1) immigrant youth and (2) current or potential  holders of (a) temporary protected status (TPS) or (b) deferred  enforced departure (DED).   Ensuring a path to earned citizenship is a non-negotiable principle  for me and the sine qua non of meaningful immigration reform  legislation.   Indeed, providing a path to earned access to citizenship has been a  central feature of every comprehensive immigration reform bill I have  co-sponsored or sponsored in the Congress since 2007 when I became  Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and  introduced the ``Save America Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act,  (H.R. 1525),'' which I have reintroduced in each succeeding Congress.   Like H.R. 6, Section 501 of my legislation provides a path to earned  legalization status to those undocumented immigrants who have resided  in the United States for 5 years and meet other eligibility  requirements.   Madam Speaker, as we stand today on the precipice of passing the  American Dream and Promise Act of 2019, I am thinking of the hundreds  of thousands of young immigrants whose lives will be changed for the  better by keeping our promise to them, so they can realize their dreams  and making America better, stronger, and more prosperous.   And at this moment, I am thinking of Alonso Guillen, an heroic  DREAMER who lived in my congressional district, and who came to the  United States from Mexico as a child and died when his boat capsized  while he was rescuing survivors of the flooding caused by Hurricane  Harvey in the Houston area.   That is the type of courage, honor, and commitment to service we are  talking when we speak of DREAMERS.   Madam Speaker, Title I of H.R. 6, the Dream Act of 2019, contains  provisions regarding relief for immigrant youth.   Title II of the bill, American Promise Act of 2019, contains  provisions related to persons eligible Temporary Protected Status (TPS)  or Deferred Enforcement Departure; the third and final title contains  general provisions that apply to both Titles I & II).   Madam Speaker, I support H.R. 6 because it keeps America's word to  the more than 800,000 young people we asked to come out of the shadows  and walk proudly and unashamedly as legitimate members of the American  community.   The legislation does this by providing conditional permanent resident  (CPR) status and a roadmap to lawful permanent resident (LPR) status  and, eventually, earned U.S. citizenship for immigrant youth who  entered the U.S. before age 18, have four or more years of residency,  and graduated from high school (or the equivalent).   H.R. 6 also provides an opportunity to apply for LPR status for  people who currently have or who may be eligible for TPS or DED and who  have three or more years of residency.   Madam Speaker, individuals who are eligible for protection under the  bill have lived in the United States for much of their lives; the  average Dreamer came to the United States at the age of 8, while the  average TPS- or DED-eligible person arrived in 1997.   Without permanent protections such as those in H.R. 6, these  immigrants' and their families' futures in the United States--as well  as the fiscal and economic contributions they make--are at risk.   Passing this legislation is the right thing to do and now is the time  to do it; in fact, it is long overdue.   I am mindful also Madam Speaker that in addition to helping restore  America's reputation as the most welcoming nation on earth, the  legislation the House will pass also positions America to better  compete and win in the global economy of the 21st century.   According to expert studies, including one by the Center for American  Progress, ending deferred action for childhood arrivals would result in  a loss of $460.3 billion from the national GDP over the ensuing decade  and would remove an estimated 685,000 workers from the nation's economy  and workforce at a time when more, not fewer, workers are desperately  needed.   And 10 states, including my home state of Texas, would stand to lose  more than $8 billion annually in state GDP.   Madam Speaker, immigrants eligible for protection under H.R. 6 are  part of Texas's social fabric.   Texas is home to 386,300 immigrants who are eligible for protection  under the Dream  [[Page H4240]]  and Promise Act, 112,000 of whom reside in Harris County.   These individuals live with 845,300 family members and among those  family members, 178,700 are U.S.-born citizen children.   Dreamers in Texas who are eligible for protection under the bill  arrived in the United States at the average age of 8.   TPS- and DED-eligible immigrants in Texas who would be eligible for  protection under H.R. 6 have on average lived in the United States  since 1996.   Immigrants eligible for the Dream and Promise Act own 43,500 homes in  Texas and pay $340,500,000 in annual mortgage payments.   Eligible immigrants in Texas and their households contribute  $2,234,800,000 in federal taxes and $1,265,200,000 in state and local  taxes each year.   Annually, these households generate $10,519,000,000 in spending power  in Texas and help power the national economy.   Madam Speaker, during general debate on H.R. 6, I will have more to  discuss about the salient features of this long overdue legislation  that fulfills the American promise that all of its residents who share  our values and respect for the Constitution and laws have an  opportunity to realize their dreams.   But in the limited time I have now, let me highlight some of the more  important provisions of the American Dream and Promise Act.   H.R. 6 helps young persons in the following ways:    1. Extends the length of conditional permanent resident (CPR) status  from eight to ten years to give applicants more time to fulfill  requirements;    2. Stays the removal of minors who are not yet eligible for relief  but may become eligible in the future and who temporarily unenroll from  school;    3. Permits people with CPR to obtain legal permanent resident (LPR)  status without satisfying the employment, military, or educational  tracks if their deportation would cause ``hardship'' to themselves or  immediate family members (instead of ``extreme hardship'');    4. Includes apprenticeship programs as a qualifying education to  obtain CPR status;    5. Eliminates the costly medical examination for applicants;    6. Establishes a fee ceiling of $495 for immigrant youth applying  for CPR status;    7. Clarifies that people with CPR can access professional,  commercial, and business licenses;    8. Permits people with CPR who obtain a certificate or credential  from an area career and technical education school to obtain LPR  status; and    9. Updates the criminal background bars and inadmissibility  requirements.   Additionally, H.R. 6 provides LPR status to CPR holders who (1) serve  in the uniformed services for two years; (2) complete two years at or  obtain a degree from an institution of higher education; or (3) work 75  percent of the time in CPR.   Another important feature of this legislation is that makes it easier  for states to provide in-state tuition to immigrant students and  establishes that CPR-holders are eligible for federal loans, work  study, services, and grants.   For persons with TPS or DED status, the American Dream and Promise  Act provides much needed relief.   First, H.R. 6 provides LPR status for people with TPS or DED (and  those who were eligible but did not apply) who apply within three years  from the date of enactment if they (1) had at least three years of  continuous residence (as well as residence since the date required the  last time that the person's nation of origin was designated) and (2)  were eligible for or had (a) TPS on September 25, 2016, or (b) DED on  September 28, 2016.   This protection covers national of 13 countries: El Salvador, Guinea,  Haiti, Honduras, Liberia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Sierra Leone, Somalia,  South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen.   I believe similar protections should be extended to Guatemalan  nationals in our country, which is why I will soon reintroduce the  ``Continue American Safety Act,'' which extends TPS status to Guatemala  and I look forward to working with my colleagues to achieve this  outcome.   Second, H.R. 6 classifies people with TPS or DED as inspected and  admitted for the purposes of Immigration & Nationality Act (INA)  section 245(a), making it easier to obtain LPR status through existing  channels (e.g., a family-based petition).   Third, H.R. 6 stays the removal or deportation of an a individual  while an application is pending.   Fourth, the American Dream and Promise Act establishes a fee ceiling  of $1,140 for people with TPS or DED applying for LPR status.   Fifth, the legislation provides greater transparency by requiring the  Secretary of the Homeland Security (DHS) to provide an explanation for  and report within three days of publishing notice to terminate TPS  designation for certain nationals.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 6 is exceptional legislation and a welcome  development but is not a substitute for undertaking the comprehensive  reform and modernization of the nation's immigration laws supported by  the American people.   Only Congress can do that and passage of H.R. 6 shows that this House  has the will and is up to the challenge.   Comprehensive immigration reform is desperately needed to ensure that  Lady Liberty's lamp remains the symbol of a land that welcomes  immigrants to a community of immigrants and does so in a manner that  secures our borders and protects our homeland.   Madam Speaker, let us build on the historic legislation that is the  American Dream and Promise Act and seize the opportunity to pass  legislation that secures our borders, preserves America's character as  the most open and welcoming country in the history of the world, and  will yield hundreds of billions of dollars in economic growth.   I urge all Members to support the rule governing debate of H.R. 6 and  the underlying bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1379,  the ``Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation  Act of 2019'' (PAHPAI), which increases our essential efforts to ensure  the United States is prepared to respond to national disasters and  crises.   After the horrific terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and the  preceding anthrax attacks, Congress recognized that the United  [[Page H4265]]  States was underprepared to respond to public health emergencies and  national disasters and passed the original Pandemic and All-Hazards  Preparedness Act, Pub. L. 109-417 to address this weakness.   PAHPAI was reauthorized in 2013, but in recent years, the threats to  our country have changed, and PAHPAI must be updated to ensure that we  are prepared to respond to increasing natural disasters, emerging  infectious diseases, and chemical, biological, and nuclear attacks.   S. 1379 has been adapted to meet the mounting challenges that face us  today and those that will face our children tomorrow.   As a biodefense bill, PAHPAI will further protect our country from  internal and external terrorists.   As a health care response bill, PAHPAI creates and ensures  coordinated healthcare efforts in the face of natural disasters such as  hurricanes.   This bill also addresses the nation's need for pandemic preparedness.   Texas has experienced pandemics first hand--with the first diagnosed  case of Ebola in the United States in 2014.   Thomas Eric Duncan after traveling from Africa to visit family  members in Dallas, Texas became ill.   He went to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas for care but was  not admitted after presenting with a 103-degree temperature, and Ebola  symptoms.   At the time the CDC had alerted all doctors, hospitals, clinics, and  pharmacies with alerts to screen all patients for Ebola symptoms.   Mr. Duncan's Ebola symptoms worsened over the days following his  visit to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, and he returned by  ambulance to the hospital and only then was he finally admitted for  treatment.   By that time his condition had worsened, and Mr. Duncan died from  Ebola.   His death was a tragedy and the two nurses who were infected while  trying to care for him are heroes.   Two years later, in 2016, the Zika Virus pandemic reached Texas  carried by mosquitoes.   This disease attacked babies while developing in their mother's womb,  which destroyed brain tissue, resulting in severe brain and cranial  deformities.   Houston, Texas, has a tropical climate with many climatic  similarities with other states along the Gulf Coast, parts of Central  and South America as well as the Caribbean. Tropical climates are  hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika Virus.   I have shared concerns among Federal, state, and local agency  officials regarding a need to have a plan to address future pandemics  our nation may face.   This bill will pave the way for much needed work in pandemic  preparedness.   PAHPAI will ensure that more health care professionals can be hired  and trained to prioritize vulnerable populations such as children, the  elderly, and people with disabilities.   To incentivize and protect practitioners, this bill will also provide  health care professionals who volunteer after natural disasters with  liability coverage.   To support disaster workers and devastated communities, PAHPAI will  also ensure the availability of health care supplies by stocking the  Strategic National Stockpiles, located across the United States, with  vaccines, gloves, masks, and more.   PAHPAI also renews and increases funding to the BioShield Special  Reserve Fund and Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority  (BARDA), which is invaluable to our response capabilities.   S. 1379 is essential to ensuring that the United States is prepared  to provide quality care to those in need after devastating events.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting S. 1379  to establish and strengthen the nation's emergency preparedness in the  face of health crises and national disasters.    I thank the gentlewoman from California, and I  acknowledge all the dynamic leadership that has generated where we are  today, including all the sponsors whose names I recognized earlier and,  of course, the magnificent persons who have met with us over and over  again, who met with me. I remember the roundtable that I had of  Dreamers in Houston, and their stories are powerful.   Let me say to my bipartisan friends, friends from Texas, let us work  together. One gentleman was up speaking about the need for Border  Patrol and CBP. As someone who has introduced comprehensive immigration  reform, as a former ranking member of the Judiciary Committee's  Immigration Subcommittee, I can tell you that we are ready to work.  That work, of course, is done in the Homeland Security Committee.   Let's fund and write the legislation for our leader there, Chairman  Thompson, to be able to provide the resources that CBP is asking for,  which the administration is not giving to them, and that is more staff,  more health facilities, better physical plants, and more judges to help  with the asylum cases.   I am ready to work. Today, we have a job to do. We have a job to do  for the 386,300 immigrants who are eligible in my State, the same State  that my colleagues represent.   These individuals live with 845,300 family members. Interestingly,  they provide some $340 million in mortgage payments, $2 trillion in  Federal taxes, and $1 trillion in State and local taxes. We are looking  at people who are working. Let me also indicate that the economic  opportunities for these individuals are enormous.   One thing I want to indicate is that it is not DACA that is driving  people. The surge is being driven by the violence in El Salvador and  other places, not by DACA. It is also being driven by wrong-headed  State legislators or State officials like the Texas attorney general,  Ken Paxton, who threatened a lawsuit, which he did, if they didn't stop  DACA.   When they stopped DACA, they put millions of young people in  jeopardy. They even ignored the tragedy of Alonso, who lost his life  coming down to Houston, in Harris County, to save people who were  suffering from Hurricane Harvey.   Which of us on this floor went down to try and save anyone? Who  sacrificed and lost their lives? What about the millions of young  people who are doctors and lawyers and teachers in our districts or the  paramedic whom I met in my roundtable discussion who is saving lives  every day?   These false premises are killing us because we are the land of laws  and the land of immigrants. I am reminded of the Statue of Liberty.   Let's pass this bill. Let's grant TPS. Let's be Americans who love  this country and value the Constitution, the Declaration of  Independence, and the equality of all people.   Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary  and on Homeland Security, and a representative of a state on the  southern border, I rise in strong support of the rule governing debate  of H.R. 6, the ``American Dream and Promise Act of 2019,'' and the  underlying legislation.   Today's debate and consideration of this bill is a historic step for  this vital piece of legislation.   The American Dream and Promise Act of 2019 establishes a roadmap to  U.S. citizenship for (1) immigrant youth and current or potential  holders of (a) temporary protected status (TPS) or (b) deferred  enforced departure (DED).   Today's vote is not the end of the work we have to do. It is the  beginning.   We are here on behalf of all of the Dreamers all across the country  and in each of our Congressional districts.   For example, in the Eighteenth Congressional District, there are  13,600 Dreamers eligible for DACA protections.   I have met with these individuals and heard the fear in their voices  as they speak about the jeopardy they feel as a result of their  unprotected status.   Just a few weeks ago, I met with recipients of the Deferred Action  for Childhood Arrivals--our nation's dreamers. This was one of many  events I have had that engages residents of Houston.   It is through these events that I meet advocates on this vital issue.   I think of my good friend Cesar Espinoza, whom I know through a group  called FIEL.   Cesar has a younger brother and a younger sister. His brother was  able to get citizenship because as a minor, his citizenship was  automatic when his mother became a citizen.   But Cesar himself is a recipient of DACA and so is his sister.   With the President's rescission of this program, he has placed in  peril families like Cesar's family.   The Dream and Promise Act would add certainty to the lives of these  individuals so that they can pursue their lives without having to  account for a circumstances placed on them by their parents.   Today's vote represents the first time that the Dream Act is being  considered.   It is the product of years of determination, grit, and perseverance.   The bill is supported by the business community as well as human  rights groups.   The DREAM Act is supported by traditionally conservative groups like  the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the CATO institute.   The bill is one of the most significant pieces of pro-immigrant  legislation to be voted on--and passed--in years, and many advocates  across the country spent the day watching the progress of the bill  through committee.   When we considered this bill in the Judiciary Committee, it was a  markup that lasted over 8 hours.   During that time, we did not consider any legislation that would  strengthen the bill consistent with its charge to bring peace of mind  and security to our nation's Dreamers.   Instead, we sat there as members of the Committee from the other side  of the aisle, tried to deny the country and the nation's hundreds of  thousands of Dreamers the peace of mind that they are owed.   Under the Dream Act, undocumented immigrants who were under the age  of 18 upon arrival in the United States and have lived in the country  for at least four years, would be eligible for a conditional permanent  resident (CPR) status if they are enrolled in secondary school or have  a high school diploma, equivalent, or industry recognized credential,  and pass a background check.   Under this bill, 1.8 million immigrants will be immediately eligible  for this CPR status.   Ensuring a path to earned citizenship is a non-negotiable principle  for me and the sine qua non of meaningful immigration reform  legislation.  [[Page H4279]]    Indeed, providing a path to earned access to citizenship has been a  central feature of every comprehensive immigration reform bill I have  co-sponsored or sponsored in the Congress since 2007 when I became  Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and  introduced the ``Save America Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act,  (H.R. 1525),'' which I have reintroduced in each succeeding Congress.   Like H.R. 6, Section 501 of my legislation provides a path to earned  legalization status to those undocumented immigrants who have resided  in the United States for 5 years and meet other eligibility  requirements.   Madam Speaker, as we stand today on the precipice of passing the  American Dream and Promise Act of 2019, I am thinking of the hundreds  of thousands of young immigrants whose lives will be changed for the  better by keeping our promise to them, so they can realize their dreams  and making America better, stronger, and more prosperous.   And at this moment, I am thinking of Alonso Guillen, an heroic  DREAMER who lived in my congressional district, and who came to the  United States from Mexico as a child and died when his boat capsized  while he was rescuing survivors of the flooding caused by Hurricane  Harvey in the Houston area.   That is the type of courage, honor, and commitment to service we are  talking when we speak of DREAMERS.   Madam Speaker, Title I of H.R. 6, the Dream Act of 2019, contains  provisions regarding relief for immigrant youth.   Title II of the bill, American Promise Act of 2019, contains  provisions related to persons eligible Temporary Protected Stats (TPS)  or Deferred Enforcement Departure; the third and final title contains  general provisions that apply to both Titles I & II).   Madam Speaker, I support H.R. 6 because it keeps America's word to  the more than 800,000 young people we asked to come out of the shadows  and walk proudly and unashamedly as legitimate members of the American  community.   The legislation does this by providing conditional permanent resident  (CPR) status and a roadmap to lawful permanent resident (LPR) status  and, eventually, earned U.S. citizenship for immigrant youth who  entered the U.S. before age 18, have four or more years of residency,  and graduated from high school (or the equivalent).   H.R. 6 also provides an opportunity to apply for LPR status for  people who currently have or who may be eligible for TPS or DED and who  have three or more years of residency.   Madam Speaker, individuals who are eligible for protection under the  bill have lived in the United States for much of their lives; the  average Dreamer came to the United States at the age of 8, while the  average TPS- or DED-eligible person arrived in 1997.   Without permanent protections such as those in H.R. 6, these  immigrants' and their families' futures in the United States--as well  as the fiscal and economic contributions they make--are at risk.   Passing this legislation is the right thing to do and now is the time  to do it; in fact, it is long overdue.   I am mindful also Madam Speaker that in addition to helping restore  America's reputation as the most welcoming nation on earth, the  legislation the House will pass also positions America to better  compete and win in the global economy of the 21st century.   According to expert studies, including one by the Center for American  Progress, ending deferred action for childhood arrivals would result in  a loss of $460.3 billion from the national GDP over the ensuing decade  and would remove an estimated 685,000 workers from the nation's economy  and workforce at a time when more, not fewer, workers are desperately  needed.   And 10 states, including my home state of Texas, would stand to lose  more than $8 billion annually in state GDP.   Madam Speaker, immigrants eligible for protection under H.R. 6 are  part of Texas's social fabric.   Texas is home to 386,300 immigrants who are eligible for protection  under the Dream and Promise Act, 112,000 of whom reside in Harris  County.   These individuals live with 845,300 family members and among those  family members, 178,700 are U.S.-born citizen children.   Dreamers in Texas who are eligible for protection under the bill  arrived in the United States at the average age of 8.   TPS- and DED-eligible immigrants in Texas who would be eligible for  protection under H.R. 6 have on average lived in the United States  since 1996.   Immigrants eligible for the Dream and Promise Act own 43,500 homes in  Texas and pay $340,500,000 in annual mortgage payments.   Eligible immigrants in Texas and their households contribute  $2,234,800,000 in federal taxes and $1,265,200,000 in state and local  taxes each year.   Annually, these households generate $10,519,000,000 in spending power  in Texas and help power the national economy.   Madam Speaker, during general debate on H.R. 6, I will have more to  discuss about the salient features of this long overdue legislation  that fulfills the American promise that all of its residents who share  our values and respect for the Constitution and laws have an  opportunity to realize their dreams.   But in the limited time I have now, let me highlight some of the more  important provisions of the American Dream and Promise Act.   H.R. 6 helps young persons in the following ways:   1. Extends the length of conditional permanent resident (CPR) status  from eight to ten years to give applicants more time to fulfill  requirements;   2. Stays the removal of minors who are not yet eligible for relief  but may become eligible in the future and who temporarily unenroll from  school;   3. Permits people with CPR to obtain legal permanent resident (LPR)  status without satisfying the employment, military, or educational  tracks if their deportation would cause ``hardship'' to themselves or  immediate family members (instead of ``extreme hardship'');   4. Includes apprenticeship programs as a qualifying education to  obtain CPR status;   5. Eliminates the costly medical examination for applicants;   6. Establishes a fee ceiling of $495 for immigrant youth applying for  CPR status;   7. Clarifies that people with CPR can access professional,  commercial, and business licenses;   8. Permits people with CPR who obtain a certificate or credential  from an area career and technical education school to obtain LPR  status; and   9. Updates the criminal background bars and inadmissibility  requirements.   Additionally, H.R. 6 provides LPR status to CPR holders who (1) serve  in the uniformed services for two years; (2) complete two years at or  obtain a degree from an institution of higher education; or (3) work 75  percent of the time in CPR.   Another important feature of this legislation is that makes it easier  for states to provide in-state tuition to immigrant students and  establishes that CPR-holders are eligible for federal loans, work  study, services, and grants.   I mentioned earlier that we sat through a marathon session of the  Judiciary Committee.   That's because some on the committee could not bring themselves to  see our nation's Dreamers as anything other than criminals.   They see the act that brought them here with their parents as nothing  more than a crime.   Indeed if you did not know better, and you listened to the parade of  horribles put forth by the other side.   You would think that if we merely deported all of our nation's  Dreamers--hardworking young people seeking to make their lives in  America--all crime in the nation would stop.   In Committee we heard all sorts of dramatic stories. We heard of gang  members who would feel liberated to take advantage of this program.   We heard this was amnesty. We heard that this bill perpetrates a  crisis. We heard this would enable a humanitarian crisis. We have heard  that this legislation was a disgrace.   We heard horror stories of criminals who would take the Dream Act to  serve their own ends.   This is wrong.   They cannot see that these children are American in every way except  for that piece of paper.   For persons with TPS or DED status, the American Dream and Promise  Act provides much needed relief.   First, H.R. 6 provides LPR status for people with TPS or DED (and  those who were eligible but did not apply) who apply within three years  from the date of enactment if they (1) had at least three years of  continuous residence (as well as residence since the date required the  last time that the person's nation of origin was designated) and (2)  were eligible for or had (a) TPS on September 25, 2016, or (b) DED on  September 28, 2016.   This protection covers nationals of 13 countries: El Salvador,  Guinea, Haiti, Honduras, Liberia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Sierra Leone,  Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen.   I believe similar protections should be extended to Guatemalan  nationals in our country, which is why I will soon reintroduce the  ``Continue American Safety Act,'' which extends TPS status to Guatemala  and I look forward to working with my colleagues to achieve this  outcome.   Second, H.R. 6 classifies people with TPS or DED as inspected and  admitted for the purposes of Immigration & Nationality Act (INA)  section 245(a), making it easier to obtain LPR status through existing  channels (e.g., a family-based petition).   Third, H.R. 6 stays the removal or deportation of an individual while  an application is pending.  [[Page H4280]]    Fourth, the American Dream and Promise Act establishes a fee ceiling  of $1,140 for people with TPS or DED applying for LPR status.   Fifth, the legislation provides greater transparency by requiring the  Secretary of the Homeland Security (DHS) to provide an explanation for  and report within three days of publishing notice to terminate TPS  designation for certain nationals.   I have one the gentleman from North Carolina remarked on the bill--he  indicated that legislation with great names does not make it great  legislation and we should not pass a bill that does not have a chance  of passage in the Senate.   We cannot let the fact that this House of Representatives has passed  countless pieces of legislation and that they have gone to the  graveyard in the Senate.   Acting for the people, in order to deliver a better deal, House  Democrats have passed legislation to strengthen our democracy, with  H.R. 1, the For the People Act.   We have passed legislation to end anti-LGBT discrimination with H.R.  5, the Equality Act.   We have passed a nonbinding resolution to pass the full Mueller  Report.   We have passed legislation to reauthorize the Violence Against Women  Act, landmark legislation which--through policy reforms, interstate  cooperation and grant allocation--has been pivotal in providing a  national response to protecting half of the population.   And, as this week dawned, it did so with flags at half-staff, a  recognition of the 12 people who were shot and killed in just the  latest incident of mass shootings.   That is why the House of Representatives passed H.R. 8, the first  piece of gun safety legislation, the first piece of gun safety  legislation to pass the House in a quarter-century.   Put simply we cannot accept Senate inaction as a reason not to do  anything.   The Senate must act for the American People, in not just passing the  bills I just mentioned above, but also passing the Dream and Promise  Act. Indeed, in a recent public opinion poll, protections for Dreamers  received 83% support from Americans.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 6 is exceptional legislation and a welcome  development but is not a substitute for undertaking the comprehensive  reform and modernization of the nation's immigration laws supported by  the American people.   Only Congress can do that and passage of H.R. 6 shows that this House  has the will and is up to the challenge.   Comprehensive immigration reform is desperately needed to ensure that  Lady Liberty's lamp remains the symbol of a land that welcomes  immigrants to a community of immigrants and does so in a manner that  secures our borders and protects our homeland.   Madam Speaker, let us build on the historic legislation that is the  American Dream and Promise Act and seize the opportunity to pass  legislation that secures our borders, preserves America's character as  the most open and welcoming country in the history of the world, and  will yield hundreds of billions of dollars in economic growth.   I urge all Members to support the rule governing debate of H.R. 6 and  the underlying bill.   