 Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to vote for the  Raise the Minimum Wage Act.   In my district of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Milwaukeeans are stuck at the  Federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour set over a decade ago. These  workers struggle to support themselves and their families with their  meager wages. However hard they try, at $7.25 an hour, they are working  themselves into poverty, since $15,000 a year is below the Federal  poverty level.   What do these workers do? They are forced to juggle multiple jobs and  contend with long and unpredictable hours. Meanwhile, congressional  inaction on minimum wage workers' paychecks continues to erode this  basic labor standard.   This inaction has contributed to out-of-control economic inequality  and the decline of the middle class. Hardworking Americans working at  the minimum wage are, indeed, working below the poverty level. Not only  are they working below the poverty level, but they are supplying cheap  labor to wealthy corporations that have benefited from our tax policy.   It also requires you, hardworking taxpayers, to subsidize those  corporations. Why? Because these workers working 40 hours a week still  qualify for public benefits like food stamps and Medicaid because those  employers don't provide those benefits.   I personally know the hardships of surviving on less than a living  wage. That is why I have fought throughout my entire career in public  service to lift America's vulnerable workers, not just to help them  make ends meet but to empower them and to help them reach their  ambitions.   I am so proud that I protested for fair wages alongside fellow  Milwaukeeans in 2014 as part of the national Fight for $15 campaign. I  was arrested for participating in the fight for $15 an hour in that  protest, and I am grateful for the courage demonstrated by the  protesters nationwide who joined the Fight for $15.   I thank you for the personal risks you have taken. We are voting on  the Raise the Minimum Wage Act because of the momentum that you have  created.   Raising the minimum wage will have countless benefits. To name a few,  it will lift 40 million workers out of poverty, boost the economy, and  spread the benefits of economic growth that President Trump has hoarded  for the wealthy few.  [[Page H5918]]    Raising the national minimum wage is well overdue, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Raise the Wage Act.   