 Madam Chair, I rise in support of Chairwoman Lowey's  En Bloc Amendment No. 2, which includes Jackson Lee Amendment No. 19.   I wish to thank Chairman McGovern and Ranking Member Cole of the  Rules Committee for making this Jackson Lee Amendment in order.   I thank Chairman Serrano and Ranking Member Aderhold for their hard  work in bringing Division A, the Commerce-Justice-Science portion of  this omnibus appropriations legislative package, to the floor.   Madam Chair, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment,  which is simple and straightforward and ensures that our government  works to protect our children.   Jackson Lee Amendment No. 19, reprograms $2 million in the Office of  Justice Programs grant funding to support programs to engage adult men  and young persons to reduce and prevent domestic violence against  children.   This amendment will help ensure the safety of vulnerable children in  at-risk households, who are powerless to getting the help and attention  they need from our government.   To illustrate the need for this amendment, let me share with you the  tragic case of Maleah Davis, a 4-year-old little girl who lived in  Houston.   In the past, Texas Child Protective Services removed Maleah and her  two brothers from their home over reports of abuse, but returned them  to the home in February.   Maleah's mother dated her boyfriend for years and they shared a  toddler son together.   Maleah's mother had gone out of town when she left her daughter under  her boyfriend's care.   When the boyfriend initially reported that his girlfriend's daughter  was missing, he told detectives he had been attacked by unknown men a  day earlier and that they kidnapped Maleah.   However, surveillance video outside of the home shows Maleah never  left their apartment after she followed him in, and shows him carrying  a laundry basket with a trash bag out of the building a day before he  reported her missing.   Maleah's remains were later discovered in a bag along Interstate 30  in Arkansas.   Although the case has not been completed yet, there are valuable  lessons that we can learn from Maleah's and similar cases.   There have been similar cases to Maleah where the caretaker initially  reports a missing child but we later learn that the caretaker is  actually the suspect and perpetrator of the crime.   Similar cases include 5-year-old AJ Freund from Illinois, whose  father confessed to hiding his body in the basement, and 7-week-old  Shaylie Madden from North Carolina, whose mother has been charged with  first-degree attempted murder.   The nation has learned from Maleah and other similar stories that we  must do everything in our power to protect at risk children.   Maleah Davis should be alive today.   Horrible cases such as this should not be happening in America; we  need to make sure our checks and balances are keeping our children  safe.   The Jackson Lee Amendment will help to prevent such horrible and  tragic deaths of children.   Because with the flexibility provided under this amendment, the  Congress expects the Department of Justice to prioritize the safety of  children when distributing Office of Justice Programs grants to Child  Protective Services agencies and other local government units.   We must honor the legacy of children like Maleah and show our  commitment to ensuring the freedom and safety of our American children.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee  Amendment No. 19 by voting for the Chairman's En Bloc Amendment No. 2  to Division A of RCP 116-18.   