 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R.  2115, the Public Disclosure of Drug Discounts Act.   First, I thank my colleagues Congressman Arrington and Congressman  Boyle for their partnership on this bipartisan legislation. I thank  Congresswoman Slotkin for her cooperation and commitment to our  efforts. And I thank Congresswoman Schakowsky for her work here today.   Madam Speaker, if we are going to make substantial long-term progress  on the issue of prescription drugs, we can't be afraid to work in a  bipartisan manner, and I thank my colleagues for joining me in this  fight.   I also thank Chairman Pallone and Chairman Neal for their dedicated  work on tackling prescription drug costs and the Committee on Energy  and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means for voting to advance  our bill and making this floor vote possible.   This bipartisan bill would help address the number one concern facing  central Virginia's working families, chronically ill, and seniors--the  rising cost of healthcare.   In every community in the Seventh District of Virginia, from  Chesterfield to Culpeper, the extremely personal effects of rising  prescription drug costs are on full display. Whether at a coffee shop,  town hall, or street fair, I always hear yet another heartbreaking  story from a mother, a father, a grandparent, or a young adult  struggling to afford their prescription drugs. People genuinely feel  helpless, and it is due to no fault of their own.   In many cases, steep costs have forced them to make nearly impossible  decisions. A costly, lifesaving medication could mean buying fewer  groceries for their family. It could mean reluctantly selling their  home. It could mean saving less, or nothing at all, for their  retirement or their kids' education. And even for those who are  healthy, there is an overwhelming fear: What if I get sick, or what if  a loved one gets sick, and we can't afford the medication?   Back in August, I held a roundtable with patients, pharmacists, and  healthcare providers in Henrico County to discuss this community-wide  issue. Together, we talked about the financial challenges caused by  overpriced drugs, but we also discussed the issue of pharmacy benefit  managers, PBMs.   To those in the healthcare industry, PBMs are known as the middlemen  between drugmakers, health insurers, and pharmacies. But for many  Americans, PBMs remain a mysterious player within the prescription drug  marketplace.   Operating in the murky world of drug negotiation, there are few  windows into the value of the rebates and discounts PBMs receive from  drug companies. Effectively, they are a black box in the long supply  chain from the pharmaceutical company to the patient.   During our roundtable in Henrico, one local pharmacist described how  PBMs continue to enjoy record profits thanks to the pharmaceutical  industry, while patients and pharmacists get stuck with unsustainable  costs.   Right now, the three largest PBMs control three-quarters of the U.S.  prescription drug market. There seems to be little transparency. And  where there is zero transparency, there is rarely room for  accountability or oversight.   If we don't cast sunlight into this black box, patients will continue  to be left in the dark about the effect of PBMs on the prices of  specific drugs. The Public Disclosure of Drug Discounts Act would be a  step toward bringing greater transparency to this broken system.   The principle behind my bill is simple. Let's take the information  already provided to the Federal Government and make it public.   PBMs are already required to declare rebate data, discounts, and  generic dispensing rates to HHS, but under my bill, this information  would be posted publicly for the general public to see.   Beyond the principle of my bill, the goal is even simpler: lowering  drug costs for our neighbors.   By sharing this information online with American consumers and  businesses, we would give seniors, families, and pharmacists a better  sense of how PBMs could be influencing excessive prices. And we would  start to address one of the root causes of our prescription drug  affordability crisis.   In central Virginia and across the country, families should not be  racked by a constant uneasiness about their financial well-being simply  due to rising drug costs. They shouldn't be forced to accept silently  the undisclosed results of PBM negotiations that could be bankrupting  them.   We need to show the American people that we want to see progress on  this vital economic issue and that we are hearing their stories, seeing  the problems that exist, and actually moving to reform a prescription  drug marketplace that too often seems to be working against the best  interests of American patients.   Today, I call on my colleagues to pass the Public Disclosure of Drug  Discounts Act because we are long overdue for meaningful actions that  can turn the tide.   