 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for bringing this important resolution to the floor of the  House.   I commend the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Raskin) and the very  distinguished gentleman from Louisiana for his participation in writing  this important resolution.   It is in the spirit of unity and solidarity with my colleagues as we  come together in this Chamber of our American democracy to condemn all  forms of hatred, racism, prejudice, and discrimination with a hopefully  single and strong voice.   It is a profoundly disturbing reality that anti-Semitism is on the  rise in America today, and anti-Semitic attacks increasingly are at the  highest rate on record. Appalling acts of hatred and bigotry are being  inflicted on all elements of our society, be they African American,  Latino, people from Asia, and attacks in terms of people being Muslim  or other religious faiths. This isn't who we are as a country.   We all believe that there is a spark of divinity in every person who  exists, that we are all God's children, and that we come to meet with  each other in a way that commands respect for that provenance of our  being all God's children. Then we see people making attacks on each  other throughout the country, whether it is in Charlottesville or  whether it is anti-immigrant attitudes that have reared their ugly  heads in our country. It is in that spirit that I come to the floor  almost emotionally to speak about this.   In the Congress and across the country, we must accept debate on any  subject in a legitimate way, whether it is on our U.S.-Israel policies  and the rest. That is protected by the value of free speech and  democratic debate in the United States and in Israel.   Israel is our friend in that region. We support Israel out of  friendship and out of shared values, but also because it is in our  national interests to do so. But not every one of us in this body  agrees  [[Page H2553]]  on every provision or any consideration in that relationship. That is a  separate and complete issue from anti-Semitism.   Anti-Semitism, whether it is in the form of attacks on Jewish people,  anti-Semitic tropes, prejudicial accusations, or any other form of  hatred, is deeply and unequivocally offensive and must be condemned  wherever it is heard. All of us must remember, as Members of Congress  and as the President of the United States, that our words are weightier  once we cross the threshold into Congress, and, indeed, they weigh a  ton when someone becomes the President of the United States.    It is also disturbing that Islamophobia and white supremacism remain  a sinister and shameful presence in America today. Too often that goes  undernoticed or unchecked. Such attacks have even targeted some of us  in this body.   We must condemn these attacks and confront them. As Members of  Congress and Americans, we have a solemn and urgent responsibility to  fight to end the scourge of bigotry, racism, and hatred in our country.   I do want to again salute our colleague, Cedric Richmond, our  distinguished former chair of the Congressional Black Caucus and now  distinguished leader in the whip's operation, for his leadership in  shaping this legislation, and, again, Congressman Jamie Raskin of  Maryland for his leadership role in all of this.   I salute all of our Members for demonstrating the courage to have  this difficult conversation and for doing so in a spirit of great  respect, disagreeing sometimes, but never questioning the patriotism or  motivation of anyone with whom we serve.   I thank Chairman Nadler of the Judiciary Committee for the work that  he has done to give us this important moment on the floor of the House.   Mr. Speaker, I hope that we will have a unanimous vote in support of  this resolution.   