 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I thank the chairman of the full committee; the ranking member, Mr.  Walden; the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Latta; and the  distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Doyle, for bringing  forward this bipartisan legislation.   I hope when the vote is taken on this today by the full House that it  is unanimous. And if it is--and it should be--I think we are going to  hear applause from across the country, because the American people have  been bombarded by robocalls every day.   Last year, as has been stated, Americans received an unfathomable 48  billion--with a B--robocalls. So this is an epidemic, and anyone with a  phone knows this.   I hear it from my constituents daily. I think we all do. I have been  subjected to them. All of my colleagues have been subjected to them,  and their families, as well.   And these calls are not only highly annoying; they are also used to  scam people and to swindle them. Last year, an estimated 43 million  Americans were scammed out of $10\1/2\ billion. That is a lot of money.  And I have some friends, intelligent people, who were convinced by the  story at the other end of the line.   So the American people, for all the legitimate reasons, are demanding  that we do something, and today I think we are delivering a victory for  them. I am certainly proud to cosponsor the legislation. And, as has  been said, no one bill can completely solve a complex problem, so the  FCC and Congress have to remain vigilant to ensure that the statutory  and the regulatory protections are sufficient to protect the consumers.   There are heavy fees for violators in this bill, so it is really  going to cost them, and it is not simply paying because it is a cost of  doing business.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the full committee. I  want to acknowledge the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee, Dr.  Burgess. I want to salute Mr. Doyle and Mr. Smith for their passion and  their advocacy inside the Congress and all the advocates and their  organizations outside the Congress, without whom we wouldn't be on the  floor today on this bill.   I am so proud that our Health Subcommittee advanced this bipartisan  legislation, sponsored by Mr. Doyle and Mr. Smith.   The legislation extends the Autism CARES Act for 5 years, and that is  very important. The other very important bookend is that the bill funds  research at the NIH to understand the biology behind autism. It will  help to build the infrastructure at CDC to advance our understanding of  autism, and it trains medical providers on screening, on diagnosis, and  on intervention.   I think what is so important in the paragraph that I just stated is  understanding the biology behind autism. There is so much that we still  don't know today. This act renews the Federal Government's commitment  to getting the answers.   During the hearing on the bill at our Health Subcommittee, we heard  how critical the Autism CARES programs are. Researchers, physicians,  parents, and patients rely on Autism CARES to fund the support  services, research, training, and surveillance programs to get people  the diagnoses and the services they need.   The act expands research, and it provides services to people who are  autistic, with an important focus on addressing racial disparities.  Black and Latino children tend to go diagnosed later than White  children and are often misdiagnosed. They have less access to services,  and they are underrepresented in most autism research. This 5-year  renewal addresses these disparities, as well as other challenges  related to autism research, education, and detection.   My congressional district benefits directly from the act. I am proud  that Stanford University receives CARES funding to research how certain  innovative treatments can improve social behavior. Between 2014 and  2017, California received $237 million from the NIH to study autism.   When the Federal Government invests in research, the return on  investment can improve the lives of all Americans. I hope that the  House votes  [[Page H7308]]  unanimously for this legislation. It certainly deserves it.   Those families with loved ones who do have autism, I know that their  gratitude will be unending for what is built into this act. It is  worthy of them, and it is worthy of our vote.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2035, the Lifespan  Respite Care Reauthorization Act. I'm proud that my Subcommittee on  Health advanced this bipartisan bill, authored by Representatives  Langevin and McMorris Rodgers.   This legislation is now being extended for five years and the funding  for the program is being increased. The program is administered by the  Administration for Community Living and has provided grants to 37  states and Washington, D.C. since it was created in 2009.   More than 40 million Americans serve as family caregivers and this  program is their lifeline. Being an unpaid caregiver for a loved one  can be physically and emotionally exhausting and isolating. The average  family caregiver is a woman who works full-time and is providing care  to both aging parents and children living at home.   This bill allows caregivers to take a break from their caregiving  responsibilities. About 85 percent of family caregivers of adults are  not receiving any respite services whatsoever but through the Lifespan  Respite Care Program, caregivers can receive support services from  highly qualified, well-trained staff.   Grant programs through the program support day care, transportation  and summer camp for Americans living with disabilities. For their  caregivers, these programs give them much needed time off, time to do  chores around the house or just take a breather.   These programs are critical to the many Americans, mostly women, who  are taking care of their loved ones every day. I'm proud to support  this important legislation and I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R.  2035.   