 Madam Chair, I rise in support of this legislation.   It has now been 2 years since Maria barreled into Puerto Rico  inflicting historic damage, enormous suffering, and the loss of 3,000  American lives. Yet 20 months later, the people of the island continue  struggling to recover and rebuild.   Compounding this problem, Puerto Rico has exhausted funding for its  nutritional assistance program, and the Governor has informed us they  require $600 million to meet the food needs of the Commonwealth's most  vulnerable. These are seniors, working single mothers, and those with  disabilities.   Let me remind my friends, in the U.S. Territory Puerto Rico, 65  percent of our children live in poverty. It is un-American to deny  nutrition assistance to American citizens living in Puerto Rico,  particularly children. That is immoral, and we should be ashamed that,  in the richest country, most powerful country in the world, we have  allowed for children to suffer this way. That is simply wrong.   In January, we passed a package to address this, but the Senate has  failed to act, even though a number of my Republican Senate colleagues  have promised to deliver Puerto Rico the aid they so desperately need.   Making matters worse, our President has repeatedly distorted and  misled the American people about the amount of money Puerto Rico  receives.   We must remember, Madam Chair, those suffering in Puerto Rico are our  fellow citizens. It is unacceptable that this President and Senate  Republicans would abandon them.   Importantly, the bill also instructs FEMA to rebuild in a manner that  is more resilient and capable of withstanding future extreme weather.  Maria taught us painful lessons, and it only makes sense that as the  island recovers we provide it with the tools to rebuild and resist  future hurricanes.    Madam Chair, I pray passage of this bill which  rightfully assists so many other parts of the Union, of our Nation,  will motivate the Senate at last to act and the President to sign this  badly needed aid into law. This is a matter of life and death for so  many in Puerto Rico. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   