 Madam Speaker, let me also say to my colleague, the chair  of the committee, what an outstanding job he has done. I want to thank  my ranking member, Mr. Kelly, for his good leadership as well.   Since coming to Congress, I have voted against more NDAAs than I have  voted for. This year, I will be voting for the NDAA, not because it is  perfect, not because it achieves every Democratic priority, and not  because I am satisfied. I am voting for this bill because it achieves  monumental progressive victories; and the day after the President signs  this bill, many of our servicemembers and their families will recognize  that we have been listening to them.   Let me highlight a few provisions that make me proud to vote for this  bill.   After 70 years, we have tackled the Feres doctrine, setting aside  $400 million over 10 years to provide justice and compensation for  medical malpractice performed at noncombat settings.   The process of providing compensation for malpractice during  nonmission healthcare should be governed by the Administrative  Procedure Act, guaranteeing a public comment process for creating the  program plus judicial review.   We required the Marine Corps to join the rest of the services and  finally provide gender-integrated basic training to platoons,  recognizing that women marines are marines just like men.   We have ended the unjust widow's tax, provided 12 weeks of paid  parental leave to Federal workers, increased resources to ease the  childcare backlog at military bases, provided legal counsel to domestic  violence survivors, and prevented the military from forcing new mothers  to deploy within a year of their child's birth.   Finally, we have renewed the Breast Cancer Research Stamp Act, which  has been generating $85 million for breast cancer research.   The NDAA is not perfect, but it is a giant step forward for our  servicemembers and their families.   I want to thank Craig Greene, Dave Giachetti, Glen Diehl, and Jamie  Jackson for the outstanding services they have provided to the Military  Personnel Subcommittee, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  this measure.   