 Madam Speaker, I am both a millennial and one  of the youngest Members of Congress. I joined Congress at a moment when  communities from California to the Bahamas are enduring the effects of  climate change. In my own community, we are experiencing lengthening  fire seasons and longer droughts.   As the climate crisis grows, those of us who have refused money from  Big Oil and who will be the ones who have to live with the effects of  climate change have to take it upon ourselves to fight for our  generation and the generations to come.   Tomorrow, young people across the world will begin a week of climate  action with the Global Climate Strike. We may not have made this mess,  but we will fight to clean it up.   That is why I sent a letter to Donald Trump, along with 110 of my  fellow Members of Congress, to call for a renegotiated NAFTA deal that  meaningfully addresses the climate crisis. From moderates to  progressives, we are coming together to call for binding climate  standards and a recommitment to the Paris climate agreement in the  updated NAFTA.   So far, that is not what Trump has in mind. The current NAFTA 2.0  deal that Trump negotiated with Mexico and Canada fails to mention  climate change.   We cannot afford to pass another trade deal that is on the wrong side  of our historic fight to tackle climate change.   With 76 percent of Americans now saying that climate change is a  crisis or a major problem, it is common sense that our trade deals  should support, not undermine, climate action. In fact, this is a  longstanding demand, one that leading environmental organizations,  labor-environment coalitions, climate economists, and Members of  Congress have been elevating over the last 2 years of NAFTA talks.   The fact of the matter is that the climate crisis threatens our  communities and our future every single day. While we are fighting to  tackle the crisis, we are seeing corporate polluters pad the pockets of  too many of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to protect  their bottom lines. I see colleagues in both Chambers of Congress who  won't have to deal with the repercussions of their actions bargaining  with my future and the future of generations to come.   This cycle must end now. It is past time for rhetoric and empty  promises. We need new policies that offer real solutions to the climate  crisis. That doesn't include just H.R. 9, which, to be honest, has very  little chance of being taken up in the Senate. It also has to include  our trade policies.   The reality is that this moment is too important to throw away. This  is an unprecedented opportunity to put our money where our mouth is on  climate. We should ensure that any renegotiated NAFTA prioritizes  climate  [[Page H7820]]  by including binding climate standards and getting a guarantee from  Trump himself that the United States will remain a member of the most  universal and basic worldwide climate agreement for our health, for our  safety, for our future, and for the people.   