 Mr. Chair, congratulations. What a joy to see the  gentleman in the chair. I thank Chairman Pallone for his extraordinary  leadership as chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee and  Congresswoman Anna Eshoo, chair of the Health Subcommittee. I thank  them so much for all their hard work to bring us to this series of  bills today, in addition to the bills of last week.   I commend our colleague who just spoke, Ann Kuster, for her important  legislation to preserve the benefit of preexisting conditions not being  a barrier to access to care and insurance, and also to Lisa Blunt  Rochester for her leadership on the legislation before us today to  lower the cost of prescription drugs.   Mr. Chairman and colleagues, on Sunday we marked Mother's Day, a  special tribute to our mothers and also a somber reminder of the days  when being a mother--when being a woman--was a preexisting medical  condition. As a mother of five, I can speak from some experience as to  what an obstacle that could be to access to insurance.   Last week, we took action to block the administration's cynical  efforts to drag our country back to the dark days of discrimination in  healthcare coverage by passing the Protecting Americans With  Preexisting Conditions Act.   Again, I salute Congresswoman Kuster for her leadership on this, and  also our chairman.  [[Page H3861]]    This is not a fight about legislation that we are gathered about here  today. This is about a fight for our lives, the lives of many people  affected.   I want to take the opportunity to salute a hero, a hero who testified  last week on healthcare at the Rules Committee, Mr. Ady Barkan.   Ady Barkan is a hero to us. He is a man who suffers from ALS, but, in  speaking out for better healthcare, with courage, he testified before  the committee 2 weeks ago.   Ady said: I was healthy a year ago. I was running on the beach. I am  33 years old. I have an 18-month-old son, Carl. And, out of nowhere, I  was diagnosed with ALS, which, as you know, has a life expectancy of 3  to 4 years. No treatment, no cure.   Like so many others, Rachael--that is his wife--and I have had to  fight with our insurers, which has issued outrageous denials instead of  covering the benefits we paid for.   We have so little time left together, yet our system forces us to  waste it dealing with bills and bureaucracy.   That is why I am here today urging you to build a more rational,  fair, efficient, and effective system.   That was Ady testifying 2 weeks ago.   Since then, Ady lost his grandmother, Dina Abramov, and our sympathy  goes out to him. Our congratulations to her for having such a  magnificent and courageous grandson.   But Ady has been here so many times with our Little Lobbyists who  have preexisting conditions, with many of the communities that  represent people with diagnoses that need prescription drugs and cannot  afford them.   So, in the coming weeks and months, Democrats will continue our  action to strengthen health protections for people like Ady, the Little  Lobbyists, and others, because this is life or death. It certainly is  quality of life.    And now, our Democratic House, today, is proud to pass the  Strengthening Healthcare and Lowering Prescription Drug Costs Act, with  Congresswoman Blunt Rochester.   With this legislation, we are further reducing the price of  prescription drugs by promoting competition with generics and reversing  the Republican sabotage that we have seen.   Mr. Chair, when we passed the Affordable Care Act, it was absolutely  necessary that we do so. Even if everyone in our country approved and  loved their insurer and was happy with their healthcare--which was not  the case, but even if they did--it was essential that we pass the  Affordable Care Act because we could not sustain the costs of  healthcare in our country at the time: the cost to an individual; to a  family; to a small business; to corporate America, who was paying a big  part of the bill; and to the public sector, was a tremendous burden.   With the Affordable Care Act, we were able to lower the rate of  increase of healthcare costs in our country.   But one sector, one segment of the healthcare arena that we did not  conquer was the cost of prescription drugs, which continues to  contribute to the increase of healthcare costs in our country.   That is the main reason healthcare costs rise: the cost of  prescription drugs.   So, I salute the chairman and the committee and Anna Eshoo, chair of  the subcommittee, and our distinguished chairman of the full committee  for his legislation today which helps to lower the cost of prescription  drugs to people, to individuals, to families, to everyone who has a  part in funding the good health of the American people.   This is really essential. And it is a fight. And it is a fight, but  we are taking it one piece at a time.   The reason it had to be combined with other bills is so that it could  be paid for. Our Republicans salute the first part of the bill where we  encourage competition among generics and this, that, and the other, but  want to walk away from the part of the bill that is essential for  paying for the legislation.   So, we want to be very, very responsible in all of this.   One of our colleagues on the floor earlier said that this bill was  going to go die in hell or someplace. I don't know where. Actually, the  distinguished--well, not so in this case, but the Republican leader of  the Senate has said that he is the grim reaper and all these bills will  die, designating the Senate a graveyard for legislation that would help  the good health of the American people, lower costs for them, improve  their lives. But he talked about everything that we passed here.   I have some news for the distinguished leader in the Senate, the  Republican leader, Mr. McConnell. The support for this legislation,  these bills, is alive and well among the American people, and he will  be hearing from them, because this legislation, these bills, are a  matter of life and death and, certainly, quality of life for America's  working families.   So we will never limit the aspirations and meeting the needs of the  American people to what might be legislatively acceptable in the mind  of a person in the United States Senate, but we will recognize our  responsibility to not only pass the boldest common denominator, but to  do so in a way that honors what President Lincoln told us: Public  sentiment is everything. With public sentiment, you can pass almost  anything; without it, practically nothing.   But, in order for the public sentiment to weigh in, the public has to  know. And passing legislation of this kind is a strong message. And our  advocates, whether it is the Little Lobbyists; whether it is those who  are affected by so many aspects that the Republican leadership is out  to sabotage, that the Trump administration is out to sabotage, whether  in the Congress or in the courts--well, we will take it to the court,  as we are in the Supreme Court.   We will fight them in the Supreme Court, but we will also fight them  in the court of public opinion. This is very, very important to, not  only the health, but also the financial well-being of America's working  families.   So, I salute the chairman for this legislation, and I urge everyone  to vote for it. And I know that there is bipartisan support for some  parts of the bill. I hope that will apply to all of it so that it  really can work.   