 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1158, a bill that will  provide funding for the Departments of Defense; Commerce, Justice,  Science; Financial Services; and Homeland Security.   While I wish that we had been able to pass all of the bills by the  beginning of the fiscal year, I am glad we are going to be able to  finish the appropriations process without having to pass another  continuing resolution. I am also immensely proud of the job that my  fellow Republicans on the Appropriations Committee did to bring the  bill to the floor.   The packages we will consider today will fully fund the government  and ensure that President Trump has the resources he needs to continue  the great work he is doing on behalf of the American people. This bill  will make us safer by ensuring we have the funding and tools to protect  ourselves at home and abroad.   The bill will safeguard our financial system from bad actors, ensure  all Americans have access to a healthy and robust economy, and it will  support our criminal justice system.   In particular, this bill provides $1.375 billion of new funding for  the border wall, places no restrictions on the President's ability to  use funds for immigration and border enforcement, and protects the  number of ICE beds.   The Defense portion of this package provides funding to continue to  rebuild the military after years of neglect during the Obama  administration; gives our troops a 3.1 percent pay raise, the largest  in a decade; and funds the U.S. Space Force, a Trump administration  initiative, to ensure the United States maintains its superiority in  space.   The bill provides increased funding for school safety programs and  also retains longstanding Second Amendment protections that some of my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle wanted to eliminate.   Plain and simple, this package is good for America, and I am proud to  support it. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of this  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Alabama an  additional 1 minute.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Calvert).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Fleischmann).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers).    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Kentucky.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Moolenaar).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Fleischmann).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, I would like to take a few minutes to thank several  individuals who were instrumental in bringing this package to the floor  today.   First, I would like to thank my friend and our full committee chair,  Nita Lowey. Though we don't always agree, she is respectful of other  opinions and always works in good faith and is a pleasure to work with.   I would also like to thank our Republican members of the  Appropriations Committee for their hard work to secure as many of our  priorities as possible in this final package.   There were many other Members who engaged in this process, and their  input was vital in producing a bill that reflects input from our  Conference and the constituents they represent.   It was also a pleasure to work with my Senate Appropriations  Committee colleagues, Chairman Richard Shelby and Vice Chairman Pat  Leahy. They are both incredibly tough negotiators.   Finally, and certainly not least, I would like to thank the staff on  both sides of the aisle in the House and the Senate who have worked  virtually around the clock for the last month to bring this bill across  the finish line. We have true professionals working for our committees,  and I think I speak for all Members when I say just how thankful we are  for their efforts.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of this bill, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 1865, a bill that will provide  funding for the  [[Page H10588]]  Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education;  Agriculture; Energy and Water; Interior; the Legislative Branch;  Military Construction and the Veterans Administration; State and  Foreign Operations; and Transportation and Housing.   This package protects the sanctity of life and provides vital funding  to promote the health and well-being of all Americans. In particular,  the bill maintains all prior year pro-life protections and secures the  largest pro-life victory in a generation by maintaining the Trump  administration's Title X Family Planning regulations.   It provides funding to the National Institutes of Health to continue  their groundbreaking research in the areas of Alzheimer's disease and  cancer research, including childhood cancers. It combats the opioid and  methamphetamine epidemic in this country by providing funds for  prevention, treatment, recovery, and research into alternative  therapies for pain management.   The bill also includes key provisions to help Americans in rural  areas, such as significant funding for broadband programs; support for  those farmers and ranchers around the country severely affected by  hurricanes, floods, drought, and other national disasters in 2018 and  2019; and promotes economic growth and opportunity through loans for  housing, utilities, and businesses.   Increased funding for the Army Corps of Engineers is also included in  this package to support navigation and flood control improvements.   In addition, the bill continues to advance the Nation's all-of-the- above solutions to energy independence through targeted investments in  research and development.   Finally, the bill includes several key wins for the military and  veterans, as well as our diplomats abroad, such as an increase in  funding for military construction and family housing projects; improved  resources for veterans to address mental health, suicide, and  homelessness; and expanded programs for female veterans.   The bill strongly supports our ally Israel and fulfills the U.S.- Israel memorandum of understanding by providing funding for military  assistance and maintains funding to keep our embassies safe and secure.   Like the package we just debated, there are many provisions here that  are good for our country. I hope we can move this bill quickly through  the House and the Senate so the President can sign it into law before  funding runs out Friday.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Herrera Beutler).    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Washington  an additional 30 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Idaho (Mr. Simpson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Fortenberry).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Joyce).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Smith).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes the gentlewoman from  Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking  Member Granger for this opportunity, and I appreciate the hard work and  bipartisan work that the gentlewoman, Chairwoman Lowey, and the  leadership have put together to make this bill a reality.   I rise in strong support of the spending package for fiscal year 2020  because it includes several provisions that directly impact 3.2 million  citizens living in Puerto Rico by providing funding for the Nutritional  Assistance Program, as well as the Puerto Rico Air National Guard  projects, and the Army Corps of Engineers, among others.   I am especially pleased that the agreement provides 2-year funding  for the island's Medicaid program. The funding levels included in the  bill will give certainty to the 1.1 million beneficiaries who rely on  this program to meet their healthcare needs, as well as to put into  effect several critical sustainability measures designed to enhance the  provision of healthcare. This guarantee of funding for the next 2 years  constitutes an important step towards correcting the problems arising  from the chronic underfunding of the program.   I look forward to continuing this conversation for a long-term  solution that guarantees citizens in Puerto Rico a standard of  healthcare that we can expect from a nation as great as ours.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Madam Speaker, this is a strong conservative package that provides  the President with the funding and authority he needs. I look forward  to passing these bills through the House and Senate and getting them to  the President's desk for his signature before time runs out on Friday.   Madam Speaker, before I close, I want to give a special thanks to my  staff director, Anne Marie Chotvacs, for her tireless work and  leadership throughout the process. Her wisdom and guidance have been  invaluable to me and all the committee members.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of  these bills, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   