 Mr. Speaker, first I would like to pay tribute to the  chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Engel, for helping to  bring this to the floor; to everyone that is part of, from both sides  of the aisle, the Armenian caucus in the House; and to my sister,  friend, Congresswoman Jackie Speier, who shares this heritage with me.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution, H. Res.  296, which affirms the Armenian genocide.   This is a historic day in the House of Representatives, and it is one  that I have been waiting for for 27 years.   Between 1915 and 1923, 1.5 million Armenians--and this is a  historical fact that many people are not aware of, that there were  hundreds of thousands of Assyrians, Greeks, Arameans, Maronites, and  other Christians who were systematically slaughtered by the Ottoman  Empire.   This is deeply personal for me. I am the only Member of Congress of  Armenian Assyrian decent and one of only three of Armenian heritage in  the House of Representatives--I think in the entire Congress, Senate  and House.   Some of you know that I had members of my own family who were among  those that perished, and my parents fled with theirs to America. As my  father said: The best idea that was ever born was America.   What all of those who were persecuted have in common was that they  were Christians, and that is why they were hunted down and slaughtered.   This resolution not only honors my ancestors, but all of those who  perished in the first genocide of the 20th century.   The United States has been missing in action on the honor roll of  over two dozen countries, 14 of which are NATO allies, and 49 States in  our country that have formally recognized the Armenian genocide. Today,  we can end over 100 years of silence by passing this resolution.  [[Page H8563]]    Mr. Speaker, there is also a historic parallel as we are considering  this resolution, and that is that Turkey is pursuing the ethnic  cleansing of Kurds in Syria, as we meet today.   As Pope Francis declared when he visited the Armenian genocide  memorial in Yerevan in 2016: ``Memories should not be watered down or  forgotten; memory is a source of peace and of the future.''   So today we remember and we say to all those who perished: We  remember. We love you.   Mr. Speaker, we set an example for the young people of our country  that the moral authority of the United States is well and alive as we  pass this resolution.   