 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 135, the Federal  Employee Antidiscrimination Act. H.R. 135 amends the Notification and  Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002,  commonly referred to as the No-FEAR Act, to better identify and correct  instances of discrimination throughout the Federal Government.   Specifically, H.R. 135 requires Federal agencies to establish a  system to track Equal Employment Opportunity complaints from beginning  to end. This system must also track any disciplinary action that  resulted from a finding of a discriminatory act. If a disciplinary  action is taken by an agency against an employee, both the disciplinary  action and the reason for the action must be included in the employee's  personnel record.   H.R. 135 implements notification and reporting requirements for  instances of discrimination within Federal agencies. Agencies must post  a notice on their website if the agency or Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission finds that a discriminatory or retaliatory act has occurred.   The bill also requires agencies to submit a report to the EEOC if a  discriminatory or retaliatory act is found to have occurred. The report  must include any disciplinary action initiated against an employee for  discrimination or retaliation against another employee.   Lastly, the bill bars agencies from using nondisclosure agreements or  policies to restrict Federal employees from reporting waste, fraud, and  abuse to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, and Inspectors  General.   Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Cummings for his good work on this piece  of legislation, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I would like to make the  gentleman from Maryland aware that I have no further speakers, and I am  prepared to close.    Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 136, the Federal  Intern Protection Act. The Federal Government is well served by interns  who provide invaluable assistance to agencies. Many of the staff here  in Congress itself began as interns, and I know my office, over the  years, has been extremely well served by interns who have gone on to  become a real credit where they have found themselves employed.   Interns work alongside career Federal employees, helping to conduct  agency business on behalf of the American people. Federal internship  programs help agencies identify and develop the next generation of  Federal employees. In exchange, interns gain valuable work experience.   Many interns are students who benefit from the opportunity to develop  experience in a field they might hope to enter upon graduation. Some  students even receive credit they can apply at their institution of  learning.   Unfortunately, there are no existing provisions in Federal law that  protect interns working at Federal agencies from harassment or  discrimination.  [[Page H563]]    In O'Connor v. Davis, the United States Court of Appeals for the  Second Circuit upheld the district court decision, finding an intern  could not bring sexual harassment claims under Federal law. The court  reasoned that the intern was not an employee and she was, therefore,  not covered by existing law.   The court concluded that: ``It is for Congress, if it should choose  to do so, . . . to provide a remedy.''   H.R. 136 provides the remedy. The Federal Intern Protection Act  ensures interns working for the Federal Government receive the same  protections as employees. The bill prohibits discrimination based on  race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability for  interns working at Federal agencies.   Discrimination disadvantages eager-to-work interns, but  discrimination also disadvantages Federal agencies by interfering with  the selection of the best intern candidate.   I thank my colleague from Maryland, Mr. Cummings, for his sponsorship  of this bill and for his leadership and commitment to protecting  interns who work for the Federal Government, and I urge all Members to  support the bill.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 202, the Inspector  General Access Act of 2019. Inspectors general perform a critical  oversight function with regard to misconduct at their respective  agencies. This committee, the Oversight and Reform Committee, has a  long history of advocating for IGs to have timely and complete access  to all the information they need to fulfill their oversight and  investigative functions.   In continuance of that mission, H.R. 202 removes an unnecessary and  outdated statutory hurdle that prevents the inspector general from  investigating certain misconduct at the Department of Justice, DOJ.   Current law requires the DOJ IG to refer allegations of misconduct by  Department attorneys to the Office of Professional Responsibility, or  OPR, rather than initiate an investigation himself. The OPR existed  prior to the statutory creation of the DOJ IG in 1988. At the time DOJ  IG was created, OPR retained the specific authority.   H.R. 202 seeks to harmonize the Department of Justice IG's  investigative authority with the rest of the Federal inspectors general  who are not similarly restricted. Congress and this committee have  consistently supported the need for independent and transparent  oversight of Federal agencies and programs. The current bifurcation of  investigative authority at DOJ is inconsistent with this committee's  history of supporting the notion of an unencumbered IG.   The DOJ IG is not without its own oversight. The IG is confirmed by  the Senate, accountable to the public, and is only removable by the  President after notification to Congress. Further, the IG has statutory  reporting obligations to both agency leadership and Congress.   The OPR, in contrast, lacks such independence from the agency it is  obligated to investigate. The director of OPR is selected and appointed  by the attorney general, answers to the attorney general, and can be  removed or disciplined only by the attorney general. The IG's  independence is critical to the value of their work.   Also critical to the value of the IG's work is transparency. The IG  maintains transparency by publishing its reports on a public website.  The website also contains information about the IG's operations and  functions and a full archive of completed and ongoing work. This  standard of transparency does not apply to OPR. Adverse findings by OPR  against a DOJ lawyer are subject to review by the Department's  leadership and can be overruled by the Department's leadership without  any transparency.   It is important to note that this division of authority is a unique  situation amongst the Federal IG community. The need for this  legislation has also been discussed in multiple hearings before the  Oversight and Reform Committee and in reports by watchdog groups.   The DOJ IG, Michael Horowitz, testified before the Oversight and  Reform Committee on the importance of eliminating this discrepancy.  Congress's own watchdog, the Government Accountability Office, has  issued reports with recommendations to empower the DOJ IG.   This is a good bill, Madam Speaker, and I urge my colleagues to  support it. With that, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, again, I urge the adoption  of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 113 is a bipartisan bill to ensure government  agencies buy United States flags made only from 100 percent American- made materials.   Most Americans may think American flags purchased with taxpayer money  for the government are made here at home by Americans using only U.S.  materials. Surprisingly, this is not a uniform requirement in current  Federal acquisition laws and regulations.   Requirements in current law are inconsistent when it comes to the  content of American flags purchased by executive agencies. The  Department of Defense and the military departments generally are  required to buy American flags made entirely of U.S. materials, but  civilian agencies are currently permitted to buy flags that are  manufactured in the U.S. consisting of only 51 percent American-made  material, or sometimes even less than that.   This bill brings all executive agencies under a single rule about the  content of American flags bought by the Federal Government. The bill  harmonizes and integrates this single rule with existing laws that  require domestic content of U.S. flags purchased by the government.   Rather than impose new rules and exceptions for DOD and civilian  agency flag purchases, the All-American Flag Act recognizes and  essentially adopts current DOD requirements and exceptions. The bill  makes those flag purchasing standards permanent law and applies the  rules to civilian agencies that buy U.S. flags.   H.R. 113 contains limited exceptions that recognize practical  realities such as domestic nonavailability. These exceptions reflect  those contained in current law governing DOD purchase of textiles,  including U.S. flags.   I thank Representative Bustos and the many cosponsors who are leading  this effort to honor America's greatest symbol of freedom, and I urge  my colleagues to support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge adoption of the  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he  may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hurd), the chief sponsor  of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I think this piece of legislation is in the spirit of  what Congress needs to be doing in terms of updating where we are in  dealing with technology and the need for adequate oversight. This bill  acknowledges that Federal technology policy has not kept up with the  pace of technology integration by our Federal agencies.   This bill codifies the position of Federal CIO, emphasizing the  importance of the role to the formation of governmentwide technology  policy; and this bill promotes organized, cost-efficient, and secure  technology used throughout the Federal Government.   I would like to again thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hurd) for  introducing this bill, along with the many bipartisan supporters of it.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill, vote for it, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate very much the comments made by my  colleague from Maryland and appreciate particularly the emphasis this  afternoon that has been placed on bipartisan bills and efficiency and  effectiveness in the Federal Government. Those are values that should  not be assigned to any particular party. They are important for our  country. They are important for what we do.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Cline), who has been waiting patiently to speak on  this bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Virginia sharing his  comments with us, and I would like to continue my remarks by thanking  Representative   Jimmy Gomez for helping author this piece of  legislation, the Grant Reporting Efficiency and Agreements Transparency  Act, or GREAT Act.   Representative Gomez has been an outstanding partner on this  bipartisan bill to create more transparency, efficiency, and  accountability in the Federal grant reporting process, and I thank him  for his hard work.   Madam Speaker, in 2017, the Federal Government awarded $662.7 billion  in grants funding to State agencies, local and Tribal governments,  agencies, nonprofits, universities, and organizations. This is a lot of  hardworking tax dollars, even in terms of Washington-speak.   Within our Federal Government, there are 26 agencies awarding Federal  grants, and all of them continue to rely on outdated, burdensome,  document-based forms to collect and track grant dollars. Society has  moved into a new age of information and technology, and it is time that  our government follows suit.   The GREAT Act represents bipartisan legislation to modernize the  Federal grant reporting process. It does so by mandating a standardized  data structure for information that recipients report to Federal  agencies.   Unless the reporting requirements for Federal grants are searchable,  the auditing process will continue to yield waste and inefficiency at  best, and potentially fraud and abuse at worst.    Adopting a governmentwide open data structure for all the information  grantees report will alleviate compliance burdens; provide instant  insights for grantor agencies and Congress; and enable easy access to  data for oversight, analytics, and program evaluation.   Digitizing and, therefore, automating the reporting process would  have a twofold effect. First, it allows grantees to maximize every  dollar they receive  [[Page H572]]  from the taxpayers to ensure it goes back into communities, supporting  local businesses, organizations, and education.   Lastly, the GREAT Act has received broad support from an array of  good government groups. The coalition endorsing the GREAT Act includes  the Bipartisan Policy Center, American Association of Law Libraries,  American Library Association, Association of Government Accountants,  Association of Research Libraries, Data Coalition, Demand Progress,  Government Accountability Project, Government Information Watch, Grant  Professionals Association, National Grants Management Association,  National Taxpayers Union, Native American Finance Officers Association,  the Project on Government Oversight, R Street Institute, Senior  Executives Association, and the Scholarly Publishing and Academic  Resources Coalition.   In order to fix the way Federal grants are reported, we must move  from a document-centric reporting system to a data superhighway. I urge  my colleagues in the House and Senate to support the GREAT Act and  bring grant reporting into the 21st century.   Madam Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, we have no further  speakers.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues again, along with Mr. Cummings,  to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   