 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to address the  floor for 5 minutes.    Mr. President, imagine the joy, the emotion, and the  anticipation that comes with being in the third trimester of your  pregnancy. Imagine choosing the crib and the mobiles that will hang  above it. Imagine telling your toddler that he was getting a little  sister to play with. Then, imagine the heartbreak of going to the  doctor one day and learning that there is no chance your baby will  survive, that there is no hope your baby girl will ever speak her first  word or take her first step, or that delivering her would put your own  life at risk, leaving your firstborn to grow up without a mother. These  are the types of scenarios that lead to the heart-wrenching decision to  terminate a pregnancy later on.   As the mom of two little girls--one, age 4, and one, 10 months old--I  can't begin to fathom that kind of pain. Yet today some on the other  side of the aisle are trying to use those parents' suffering for  political advantage, making worst-case scenarios like these all the  more difficult by pushing a bill aimed to criminalize reproductive care  no matter the cost.   If it becomes law, this bill would force doctors to perform  ineffective, invasive procedures on fetuses born with fatal  abnormalities, even if it is against the best interests of the child,  even if it goes against recommended standards of care and they know  that it wouldn't extend or improve the baby's life, and even if it  would prolong the suffering of the families, forcing women to endure  added lasting trauma, making one of the worst moments of their lives  somehow even more painful. If physicians refuse, they would be punished  and could be sentenced up to 5 years in prison.   We have seen this kind of political stunt before. We know the  partisan extremist playbook it comes out of--one based not in fact but  in fiction, steeped in ignorance and misogyny. The goal here is  obvious: to bully doctors out of giving reproductive care, to scare  them out of business--one potential lawsuit or jail sentence at a  time--making it even harder for women to get the care they need when  they need it most, as the number of physicians available shrinks.   This is just the latest step in the far right's long march to strip  away women's rights--a march whose pace has now quickened under our  current President, a man who once argued that women should be punished  for taking up their right to choose, who has taken pride in trying to  put the government between women and their doctors, and who just 72  hours ago issued a gag rule that could gut family planning clinics.   I have said this a thousand times before, and I will keep saying it  until I go hoarse: A woman's medical decisions should be between her  and her physician and her family and not dictated by some politician in  Washington, DC. When lives are on the line, the folks with MDs are the  ones who should be deciding what care is appropriate, not those with  partisan agendas.   Mothers and doctors know that every pregnancy is different--both of  mine  [[Page S1421]]  certainly were--and physicians are trained with exactly this in mind.   It is offensive and just plain ignorant for my colleagues to claim  they know better than a doctor or an expectant mom. It shows an  alarming disrespect for a woman's moral compass and her ability to make  sound decisions.   I can't begin to conceive of the pain of the mom-to-be who learns  that the baby she already loves isn't viable and that the child whose  name she has already chosen and whose life she has already imagined  will never open their eyes. All this bill would do is to sharpen that  family's suffering. All it would do is to make it harder for the next  woman to get the care that could save her life. How dare we think of  passing legislation like that. How dare we put extremist politics over  empathy, over science, and over women's health and families' pain.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against S. 311--a bill that is  as heartless as it is dangerous.   Thank you.   With that, I yield the floor.   