 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today, along with my  colleagues, to bring attention to an issue that I think is important  for all of us women. Today, we are 4 months--92 days, to be exact--into  the new year. Today is the day that American women catch up in earnings  to what their male counterparts made last year. In 2019--almost 100  years after women won the right to vote and 56 years after the passage  of the Equal Pay Act--it still takes women 15 months to earn what a man  makes in 12. That is the significance of today, Equal Pay Day.   Women make up half of the U.S. workforce. We are small business  owners, entrepreneurs, doctors, lawyers, and community leaders. Yet  women in the United States still make an average of 80 cents for every  dollar earned by a man. For women of color, women with disabilities,  and transgender women, the gap is even more jarring. Black women earn  an average of 61 cents on the dollar, Native American women earn 57  cents, and Latinas earn 53 cents for every dollar the average White man  makes. This means that Latinas, who face the highest pay gap in the  country, must keep working until November 20 this year in order to earn  what their White male colleagues made in 2018. Women with disabilities  are paid an average of 83 cents for every dollar a man with a similar  disability makes at a full-time job, and transgender women can expect  their average yearly earnings to fall by almost one-third after their  transitions. In 2019, this is still the reality for American women.  These women are often the sole breadwinners for their families.   This type of systemic discrimination has no place in our country. It  is having a negative economic impact on families. As long as the wage  gap exists, women face unfair barriers to success and have to fight  hard for economic security for themselves and their families.   Full-time working mothers trying to provide for their families are  paid, on average, $16,000 less per year than fathers. That threatens  their ability to put food on the table or save for their children's  education. Older women are likely to have to work longer--by an average  of 10 years--than their male counterparts to make up their lifetime  wage gaps and earn enough for a secure retirement. Young women just  entering the workforce can expect to see their wage gap grow, not  shrink, over the course of their careers.   All of these factors hurt Nevada women, Nevada families, and our  country. It undercuts American women's ability to get ahead, provide  for their families, and save for retirement. In Nevada alone, women who  are employed full time lose a combined total of nearly $5 billion each  year due to the wage gap.   It is past time American women earn equal pay for equal work. Women  in our country will no longer accept being held back. As a Nevada  Latina, it is my responsibility to use my seat at the table to ensure  that future generations of women are able to have the support they need  to succeed so that their families can thrive. It is time women receive  the same paycheck as a man for doing the same job.   I am fighting alongside a longtime leader for women in Congress,  Senator Murray, as well as my Senate Democratic colleagues, to pass the  Paycheck Fairness Act and provide women with the opportunities and  resources they need to succeed. I look forward to the day when equal  pay for equal work is a reality for every woman in Nevada and across  this country.   America's women are leading the economy of the future. They are  building the infrastructure that fuels commerce, developing the  scientific breakthroughs that improve our way of life, and driving  political change. America's women are heading America's companies, and  we need more. That starts with ensuring equal pay for equal work. Until  we pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, I will continue to fight for women  and their families, to level the playing field for them, because  nothing less than their future is at stake.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S2179]]    