 Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Madam Chair, I am very proud to cosponsor this  bipartisan amendment with my colleague from Minnesota to provide access  to training on trauma-informed techniques for law enforcement and other  agencies that respond to survivors of domestic violence and sexual  assault.   Unfortunately, as you well know, despite our best efforts, rape and  sexual assault continue to be underreported, and the statistic tells us  that, out of every 1,000 rapes, 995 perpetrators will walk free.    One thing we can do to address this is to make sure that  investigators have training on trauma-informed techniques to work with  the survivors of sexual violence so that investigators don't further  harm survivors. This is not just in the best interest of the survivor,  but it is also to make sure that law enforcement can hold perpetrators  accountable.   I am particularly moved by the courage and the determination of Abby  Honold, the namesake of this amendment, and many, many women across my  State and across the country who have suffered the same situation as  she has.   Ms. Honold endured a brutal attack, and then she did something truly  courageous. And let me just say, Madam Chair, that it is courageous to  continue to submit yourself to investigation after a brutal assault.  She took action to call attention to the importance of the trauma- informed services she received that helped her to pursue justice, and  today, her work has resulted in this amendment to ensure that others  will be able to provide the same kind of assistance that she received.   So as we recognize Sexual Assault Awareness Month, I hope that my  colleagues will support this amendment to the reauthorization of the  Violence Against Women Act, traditionally a bipartisan act in this  Chamber.   When Congress passed VAWA 25 years ago, it was a landmark achievement  that sent a very clear message to people living in abusive or violent  situations that we saw them, that we would stand with them. With each  reauthorization, we continue to expand critical protections and make  improvements like this amendment to better serve survivors.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms.  Omar), my colleague on this side of the aisle.    Madam Chair, we look forward to everyone supporting this  amendment. We hope that we continue to operate in a bipartisan fashion  in this Chamber to pass not only this amendment, but the full  reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   