 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer this amendment to restore  and protect important provisions of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act.  [[Page H4087]]    More than four decades after Congress passed HMDA, the evidence  continues to suggest that racial minorities, women, and some rural  residents still face loan discrimination by mortgage lenders.   In fact, a recent report from the Center for Investigative Reporting  found that modern-day redlining has occurred in 61 metropolitan areas  around the country.   Unfortunately, however, last year Congress voted to roll back  enhanced HMDA protections passed under the Dodd-Frank Act, exempting 85  percent of all banks and credit unions from reporting loan  characteristics vital to ensuring lending fairness.   My amendment will reverse this shortsighted decision. It reinstates  the requirement put in place by Dodd-Frank that any bank or credit  union that makes more than 25 mortgage loans per year or 100 home  equity lines of credit report detailed loan characteristics.   My amendment will establish additional safeguards to defend HMDA from  further assault by the Trump administration and those who seek to  destroy it by:   Prohibiting the CFPB from making further HMDA modifications to exempt  additional institutions from complying with its reporting requirements;   Barring the CFPB from making further modifications to eliminate HMDA  data fields that are otherwise required to be collected and reported;  and   Preventing the CFPB from retiring its HMDA Explorer and the public  data platform, both of which are critical to the public's ability to  access loan level data and root out discrimination in their  communities.   These protections are not just preventive measures but needed  reforms. Just this month, the CFPB released proposals to further erode  HMDA requirements.   The public's access to mortgage data is essential to promoting fair  lending, homeownership, and stronger communities.   As the saying goes, sunlight is the best disinfectant. My amendment  brings badly needed transparency to the home mortgage process, shining  a light and helping us root out discrimination.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Chair, I am ready to close.   Madam Chair, more than 40 years after Congress first passed HMDA, the  evidence continues to demonstrate that countless Americans still face  loan discrimination by mortgage lenders.   Data is the tool that makes it possible to fight discrimination. My  amendment puts us back on the right track by ensuring this information  remains available.   Madam Chair, I urge Members to support this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   