 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from  Kentucky for yielding, and for handling this bill today. I also commend  my friend, Representative Comer, for his outstanding leadership of the  Republicans on the Civil Rights and Human Services Subcommittee, and  for his leadership on this bill.   I have served on the committee under its different names for a long  time. It was a great honor to serve as the Committee's chairwoman  during the last Congress, and as Republican leader during this Congress  because, from this perspective, I have seen just how much we are able  to get done together that doesn't always capture the attention of the  rest of this body or the public.   It should be a great encouragement to all of us that when it comes to  serving the most vulnerable Americans, children and youth, Republicans  and Democrats on the Education and Labor Committee have been able to  come together on numerous occasions and produce bipartisan legislation  that is forward-looking and aims at prevention first.   We did this last Congress with the Juvenile Justice Reform Act and  with the reauthorization of the Missing Children's Assistance Act.   In a perfect world, we would not need laws addressing child abuse. We  certainly would not need stronger laws addressing child abuse. But this  world is far from perfect.    Today, members of the Education and Labor Committee have brought  before the House an update to the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment  Act which, since 1974, has helped States combat child abuse and  neglect. This bill, aptly named Stronger CAPTA, looks to those who  spend their professional and personal lives fulfilling what can only be  described as a deep calling to stand between children and abuse, to  lead us forward in our efforts to serve families.   Last year, we saw a House-wide effort to address the scourge of  opioid abuse in communities across the country. As our committee met  for hearings and worked to determine our own contributions to that  effort, the impact opioid abuse and addiction is having on innocent  children came in to sharper focus. In many ways, today's legislation  has its roots in those informative proceedings.   This bill recognizes the power of community in supporting at-risk  families. Leaders in Washington and in State capitals, more than  anything, want to protect children in danger. But it is friends,  neighbors, fellow church members, and community volunteers who can spot  real trouble, hopefully, before it will start.   This legislation strengthens and expands coordination among local  agencies to help ensure families have access to physical and mental  health services, domestic violence prevention programs, disability  supports, and substance abuse treatment, when necessary.   As opioid addiction continues its hold in communities in every single  congressional district represented here, we must look at Stronger CAPTA  as another way we can fight back.   This bill puts families and children before bureaucracies and  paperwork. I am proud of the members of the Education and Labor  Committee on both sides of the aisle who worked together to bring this  bill to the floor.   I urge all Members to support the Stronger Child Abuse Prevention and  Treatment Act.   