 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against drunk  driving, a senseless, unacceptable, and preventable act. I uplift my  dear friends, the Abbas family, who lost their lives tragically due to  the fault of a drunk driver. They were kind. They were loving.   According to the CDC, alcohol-impaired fatalities accounted for 29  percent of the total vehicle traffic accidents in 2017. I honor their  memory today by supporting my colleague, Congresswoman Debbie Dingell,  in her proposal to expand the use of breathalyzers in new vehicles.    This doesn't change the fact that someone got drunk and got behind  the wheel of a car, and, as a result, we lost five bright lights in  Michigan: Issam Abbas, Dr. Rima Abbas, and their three children, Ali,  Isabelle, and Giselle.   I want to repeat a quote by Helen Keller: ``What we once enjoyed and  deeply loved we can never lose, for all that we love deeply becomes  part of us.''   Let us honor the memory and the lives of the Abbas family and pray  for the comfort of their surviving family.   In regards to the shutdown, Mr. Speaker, I would like to help my  colleagues understand the human toll on our residents and thousands of  Federal workers across the Nation. It is now day 20.   Today, over 400 housing units across my district, the 13th  Congressional District, are directly impacted by the HUD funding  expiring due to the government shutdown. HUD is begging landlords to  not evict our residents due to the lack of payment.   HUD provides affordable rent for over 40,000 low-income families  across this Nation. We are talking about residents who are disabled,  children, seniors, and veterans who are living with challenges that  require assistance to live.   Mr. Speaker, again, going on day 20, we are creating a humanitarian  crisis. In Detroit, Michigan, there are nearly 1,000 families affected  by this current situation. The number is sure to rise as the shutdown  continues.   Another area of the shutdown that we cannot stress enough is the  amount of workers who do not know when they will receive their next  paycheck. In Michigan alone, we have 6,000 workers, mostly in  southeastern Michigan, and now they are scrambling to figure out how  they will pay for their shelter and food for their family.   In Wayne County, Michigan, Federal workers are being given an  extension to pay their property taxes. The shutdown is causing a  disruption in their lives and so many that are connected. The bills  will continue to come, Mr. Speaker. The late fines and interest fees  will pile up while the administration plays games with the lives of the  American people.   Government must be about people first. The continued denial that the  real crisis is the shutdown will cause a detrimental impact on our  residents. The cost to reopen government will continue to increase. We  deserve better. We deserve our President to lead with compassion.   It is critical that we put a human face to this crisis so that we  understand the real impact on everyday people.   The U.S. Coast Guard employees in Michigan today are at risk of  missing their next paycheck. They are currently working around the  clock on the Great Lakes breaking ice to keep our shipping and  logistics industries going. They are providing a critical role in our  regional economy and security without knowing whether they will get  paid.   Our Coast Guard even rescued a man from Lake Michigan, an honorable  action, but let's thank them by paying  [[Page H451]]  them so they can take care of their families.   Jasmine, a worker that has been with the TSA for nearly 16 years, has  already been unable to cover her bills and had to turn to her own  mother for financial help. She said that they are doing their job to  the best of their ability and feel that they are being treated as pawns  in something they have no control over.   She is right, Mr. Speaker. She and her fellow workers are wondering  how they are going to pay for gas and feed their children.   I know I am a new Member here, but the disconnect of many of my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle and the current  administration, it has been felt here and also back home. I see it. It  is toxic, and it will never serve the American people. The  disconnection with real people will continue to deny the right for our  citizens to live with human dignity.   I have vital EPA workers that monitor air pollution in my district  that have been off duty for weeks now. One in five children has asthma  in my district, Mr. Speaker. This is unjust. We need to have a  functional and open government that protects us. We have some of the  worst corporate polluters in the country in the 13th Congressional  District, and now we have no one protecting us from air pollution  violators. Let's get them back to work for our residents.   Mr. Speaker, these are just a handful of examples of Americans that  are being harmed by the actions of this administration and the inaction  of the Senate. We must end this shutdown now. Our residents deserve us  to lead with compassion and responsibility.   