 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment prohibits the  executive branch from deploying troops on the southern border if the  purpose of this deployment is to enforce immigration law.   According to the Congressional Research Service, the armed services  do not have a clear legislative mandate to protect or patrol the  border. That is under the guidance of other aspects of our legislative  and executive branch.   The militarization of our immigration system, particularly under this  administration, must be stopped. This amendment ensures that our troops  are to be deployed only in the most exigent circumstances to address  actual national security threats.   This amendment would rescind the authority granted in the 2016 NDAA,  which empowers the President to needlessly deploy troops to the border  to enforce immigration law.   The amendment would not interfere with any mission that is truly  humanitarian or a true national security concern.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, the deployment of troops on our  border is a relatively new phenomenon. It is one that is unprecedented,  and it represents an unnecessary militarization toward what should be  seen as a humanitarian crisis.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Castro).    Madam Chair, I think it is important that we  clarify  [[Page H5723]]  that in order to have a humane immigration system, we do not require  militarization or cruelty to children.   Asking that children not be caged and asking that human beings'  rights--human rights--be respected does not mean ``open borders.'' It  means that we be a humane nation that respects our mission as one that  guarantees liberty, prosperity, and the pursuit of happiness for all  people who live on American soil.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I present an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, this amendment prohibits the  executive branch from using the authorized funds to detain undocumented  immigrants in Department of Defense facilities.   One of the central aspects of the crisis at our border is that the  administration is asking agencies and departments that are unprepared  to house and detain refugees and asylum seekers when that is simply not  what they are trained or resourced to do.   This amendment will ensure that military and migrant families alike  will not be forced into operating or living in facilities never  intended for mass detention of human beings.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I think it is important for us to  clarify when we talk about ``unaccompanied children'' whom the  administration is labeling an ``unaccompanied child.''   If a child comes with their grandmother, they are deemed  unaccompanied. If the child comes with their older brother or sister,  they are deemed unaccompanied. If a child comes with a family member  that is anyone but their biological mother or father, they are deemed  unaccompanied. Their family is labeled as human traffickers, often by  the press or otherwise.   I think it is important that we add a cultural context to this  conversation. We have to reassert that seeking asylum is not a crime.  We should not be expanding a system of detention and criminalization of  people who have committed no crime and hurt no person, aside from just  simply trying to seek asylum, which is their human right.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   