 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, what we are witnessing is a President who poses a direct  threat to both our military families and America's national security.   First, as we have heard, there is no border emergency. That is a  fabrication. The administration's own statistics show that crossings  and apprehensions are at a historic low. The vast  [[Page H2138]]  majority of illegal drugs come in at our ports of entry. A wall will  not stop that.   Many who cross our borders are women and children. They are not  running from border agents. They are seeking them out for help and for  asylum.   Second, this will make life harder for America's military families,  and, thus, hurt our national security. Who would ever intentionally  make life tougher for the brave men and women who serve our country? It  is monstrous, really, when you think about the sacrifices that they  already make for this country.   As the chair of the Appropriations Committee Military Construction,  Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Subcommittee, tomorrow I will  hold a hearing to ask our service Secretaries exactly which projects  they previously told us they really needed, but now should be  sacrificed for a needless wall.   What will these leaders ask their troops to give up just so Trump can  have a useless, wasteful wall? Training or intelligence facilities?  Hangars for planes that cost billions? Schools for our military  families' children? This is a power grab.   After failing to get his way in a funding dispute with Congress,  Trump is throwing an unconstitutional temper tantrum. He is using the  tools of an authoritarian, jeopardizing our military readiness to steal  himself a wall that he could not get the lawful way. The dangerous  precedent he will set is one that I hope all of my Republican  colleagues will reject.   The President says a wall will keep Americans safe, but stealing  funds from military families makes us all less safe. Bypassing Congress  and the Constitution, and starving military families of funding is not  patriotism. It is everything that true patriots fight against.   