 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues, like  the Senator from West Virginia, and pay tribute to our friend Senator  Johnny Isakson.   It has been an incredible privilege to work with Senator Isakson.  Senator Isakson and I got to know each other first through the  bipartisan Senate Prayer Breakfast and then serving together on the  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and Finance Committees. I have  always appreciated his commitment to bipartisanship, problem-solving,  and getting results for the people in his home State of Georgia and for  people all across our country. Because of that commitment, Senator  Isakson and I have worked together to cosponsor a number of pieces of  legislation, including efforts to improve care for veterans and to make  hearing aids available over-the-counter. We also partnered together to  pass a resolution designating March 25 ``Cerebral Palsy Awareness  Day.''   In addition to being kind, thoughtful, and bipartisan, one thing  stands out to me about Senator Isakson the most: his bravery in  speaking out on issues regarding human dignity. He demonstrated that  bravery early on in his career as a State senator who spoke out against  a local anti-gay resolution. At a time when standing up for the rights  of people of all sexual orientations wasn't easy or convenient, he did.  That took real courage.   In addition, I am in awe of Senator Isakson's bravery in sharing  publicly his family's experience losing his grandson Charlie to an  overdose. By opening up and sharing this tragedy, Senator Isakson  helped reinforce that this crisis affects families from all walks of  life. His public discussion has and continues to make a real difference  as we work to break down the stigma that comes with addiction. I know  he has continued working here in the Senate to prevent more families  from experiencing a loss like his own.   I am also grateful for Senator Isakson's leadership on behalf of our  country's veterans. In June, Senator Isakson led a bipartisan Senate  delegation to Normandy to mark the 75th anniversary of the D-Day  landings. During that visit, I saw firsthand Johnny's incredible  kindness and commitment to our country's veterans. I also saw how  quickly he dismissed compliments and thanks directed his way to ensure  that others got credit for their part in his success. I know that  carries over to his tireless efforts and hard work on behalf of  veterans as chairman of the Veterans' Affairs Committee.   Above all, I appreciate Senator Isakson's friendship. He has  represented the people of Georgia in the Senate with dignity,  determination, and grit, as well as a really good sense of humor. He  has made a real difference.   As Senator Isakson confronts a health challenge of his own right now,  I am confident that he will face it with the bravery, humility, and  humor he has exemplified throughout his life and here in the Senate.   Senator Isakson, we will all miss you terribly, but we are looking  forward to traveling to Georgia to see you and to continue the many  conversations that have made us all better people and better Senators  and makes this country a better place.   I yield the floor.   