 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for  yielding time and, really, for his leadership on this very important  issue as to who we are as a nation, how we honor our oath to protect  and defend the American people, and, in doing so, recognizing the  contribution of all who want  [[Page H2894]]  to serve our country. I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Smith)  for his leadership.   I also acknowledge the leadership of our colleague Joe Kennedy,  sponsor of this legislation, for his relentless leadership and his  forming and chairmanship of the Transgender Caucus that has been so  important in making clear, in our policy, that we respect the dignity  and worth of every person.   Mr. Speaker, the men and women who step forward to serve in the U.S.  military are patriots, all of them, people of great strength and  courage whose sacrifice keeps us safe. We owe those heroes our must  humbled gratitude and our most steadfast support, and I want to thank  our trans friends for their service, their courage, their patriotism in  serving our country.   Instead of honoring their service, the President continues to insist  on his cruel transgender servicemember ban. This is an act of cruelty.   Let us all salute, again, Congressman Joe Kennedy, a champion for  equality, fairness, and dignity in this Congress, for his firm, moral  leadership on this resolution to oppose the President's bigoted ban.   The resolution that our distinguished chairman, Mr. Smith, and our  colleague, Joe Kennedy, are putting forth is bipartisan because  protecting transgender servicemembers is a matter of patriotism and it  transcends politics.   The President's ban, as I said, is cruel and arbitrary, a decision  designed to humiliate the transgender Americans who are risking and  giving their lives for the United States of America.   There is no moral justification for this ban, which violates every  value of our American democracy and betrays our fundamental belief in  fairness, dignity, and respect.   There is no medical justification for this ban, which the American  Medical Association, the American Psychological Association, and the  American Psychiatric Association all oppose.   And there is no military justification for this ban which would  undermine our military readiness and make America less strong and safe,  and that is according to our own military.   After the President first unleashed his ban, 56 retired generals and  flag officers issued a statement asserting that the ban ``would cause  significant disruptions, deprive the military of mission-critical  talent, and compromise the integrity of transgender troops who would be  forced to live a lie, as well as non-transgender peers who are forced  to choose between reporting their comrades or disobeying policy. As a  result,'' they go on to say, ``the proposed ban would degrade readiness  even more than the failed Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy.''    Other military leaders have spoken out to denounce this ban: Former  Joint Chief of Staff, Mike Mullen; Army Chief of Staff, General Mark  Milley; Commandant of the United States Coast Guard, Karl Schultz;  Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Jon Richardson; Commandant of the  Marine Corps, General Robert Neller.   Yet the President has chosen to ignore the expertise of these  military leaders, making clear that prejudice, not patriotism, drives  his decisions.   The President's ban, again, is cruel. No one with the strength and  bravery to serve in the U.S. military should be turned away because of  who they are.   The House will continue to fight this discriminatory action, which  has no place in our country. We will never allow hate and prejudice to  dictate our national security. I hope we have a resounding ``yes'' vote  to reject the President's ban today.   Again, I thank the distinguished chairman, Mr. Smith, and our  colleague Joe Kennedy for his leadership and courage.   