 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay special tribute to  Congressman Elijah E. Cummings, a man of great honor and a giant within  the House of Representatives.   Congressman Cummings was born in Baltimore on January 18, 1951. He  was one of seven children of Robert and Ruth Cummings. Although his  family struggled financially, they always found a way to help others in  their community.   Representative Cummings and his family, like thousands of other  African Americans, had to face the brutal experience of the Jim Crow  period. When Representative Cummings was a child, at 11, he was  attacked while trying to swim in the neighborhood swimming pool. Racist  adults threw rocks and bottles that resulted in injuries but left him  with a determination to study law and to become the fighter for social  justice that characterized his life.   He would go on to receive his bachelor's degree in political science  from Howard University, and, while at Howard, he served as student  government president. After graduating Phi Beta Kappa from Howard  University, he obtained his law degree from the University of Maryland  School of Law.   Congressman Cummings practiced law in Baltimore, and, at the age of  31, he was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates, where he served  for 14 years and ascended to become the first African American speaker  pro tempore.   In 1996, Congressman Cummings won a special election to Congress. He  immediately demonstrated his leadership talent and won the respect of  his colleagues.   In 2003, he was elected as chair of the Congressional Black Caucus,  where he served with distinction.   In 2011, he was elected by the Democratic Caucus as the ranking  member of the Committee on Oversight and Reform; and, in January of  this year, he became the chair of the committee.   At this difficult time in the history of our country, we were so  fortunate to have had Representative Cummings in the leadership of such  an important and contentious committee. He fought passionately for the  rights of children separated from their families; he fought for  everyone to have healthcare and medications that are affordable; and he  fought for everyone to have access and the right to vote.   Anyone who attended a committee hearing could feel his passion. Even  if they disagreed with him, they knew his passion was based on his  belief and a commitment to fight for justice. The respect he afforded  his opponents demonstrated for everyone to see how to lead with  integrity and humility.   Chairman Cummings once said: ``I'm not trying to do anything  extraordinary. I'm trying to do what the Constitution says I'm supposed  to do.''   Representative Cummings' passing is a loss to the entire Nation,  especially at this moment in history where he provided for us all an  example of true leadership--leadership for the people, not leadership  for self-advancement. He provided an example for us all to emulate.   His memory will forever be in our hearts and his legacy is secured in  history because, in spite of his word, he was, in fact, extraordinary.   