 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment,  which will prevent Federal funds from being used by the Department of  Justice to undermine the Affordable Care Act.   The people of the Illinois 14th elected me to protect coverage for  preexisting conditions and to make healthcare and prescription drugs  more affordable. Under this administration, the Department of Justice  is refusing to defend the law of the land, risking access to affordable  care for 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions, including  5.4 million Illinoisans.   If this administration succeeds in overturning the Affordable Care  Act through the courts, it would destroy protections for people with  preexisting conditions, the ban on lifetime and annual limits on health  coverage, the Medicaid expansion covering 15 million Americans, health  insurance affordability tax credits assisting 9 million Americans, bans  on discriminatory insurance practices that force women to pay more for  coverage, young adults' ability to remain on their parents' insurance  until 26, and more.   This is unacceptable, and to do it on the dime of the taxpayer is  unconscionable.   130 million Americans depend on it, and one of those Americans is  Mike DeBow, of Shorewood, Illinois. Mike has type 1 diabetes and wrote  to me because he is ``deathly afraid'' of losing his insurance. He is  thankful for the protections of the Affordable Care Act that allow him  to stay on his parents' plan and ensure insurance companies can't  discriminate against him because of his preexisting condition.  [[Page H4940]]    We cannot go back, back to the days before the Affordable Care Act  when insurers were in the driver's seat, allowed to sell substandard  plans that didn't cover the care people needed, and left patients  holding the bag. We cannot go back to the days when 50 million people  in this country were uninsured, locked out because of preexisting  conditions.   The American people sent a resounding message last November: They  want their healthcare protected. They want their healthcare to be  affordable. We should be working toward that aim, not using taxpayer  dollars to try to sabotage it for political gain.   For example, we passed legislation in this House that would protect  people with preexisting conditions, H.R. 1010, and another bill, the  Health Care Affordability Act, that I proposed, which would reduce  premium costs for approximately 20 million Americans and offer at least  9 million people who are currently uninsured lower cost coverage.   That is what we should be doing for the American people: using our  offices to make their lives better, healthier, safer, and more  affordable. For some, like Mike DeBow, this is literally life and  death.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Serrano).    Mr. Chairman, I ask all my colleagues to support this  amendment, and I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Allred) for his  leadership in introducing legislation at the beginning of this Congress  that allowed this body, the U.S. House of Representatives, to defend  the Affordable Care Act in the existing litigation.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, which will  prevent Federal agencies like the U.S. Department of Agriculture from  removing existing public information about long-term weather variation  in our climate. This information gives farmers the tools they need to  succeed, and it is important that we don't subject it to politics.   I am proud to represent a community rich in agriculture in the  Illinois 14th  [[Page H4946]]  District. We have the best farmers in the world, but right now they are  facing real challenges to their businesses and their way of life caused  by long-term patterns in weather variation, leading to worse seasonal  extremes.   The science is clear: Extreme weather has links to human-induced  climate change.   Climate change has broad impacts on virtually all aspects of the  agriculture industry. Ignoring the link between climate change and  extreme weather is a direct threat to our national security, to food  security, and to the livelihoods of farmers in northern Illinois and  throughout America.   This year, catastrophic flooding and rain in Illinois have prevented  many farmers from planting their crops. As of this week, only 88  percent of farmers in Illinois were able to plant their corn, compared  with a 4-year average of 100 percent between 2014 and 2018. Meanwhile,  only 70 percent of soybeans are planted, compared to a 4-year average  of 95 percent.   Nationwide, farmers are expected to harvest the smallest corn crop in  4 years, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. And I have  spoken to farmers who are concerned that an early frost could threaten  entire farm operations this year because of late planting and more  unpredictable weather patterns.   This is an immediate threat. We are already suffering the  consequences, and it will only get worse with time.   The very existence of multigenerational farms and an entire way of  life for some families in our community are at risk. And once these  farms are gone, they aren't coming back.   Make no mistake. Due to drought, severe storms, an early spring, and  flooding, our farmers are on the front line when it comes to climate  change.   Unfortunately, over the past 2 years, references to climate change,  long-term weather variation, and the effect of human activity on our  climate has been scrubbed from many Federal websites and publications.   Farmers are veterinarians, entrepreneurs, accountants,  meteorologists, and scientists--all in one day. By deleting information  and references to climate change in official communication, we  hamstring their ability to rely on accurate and precise information to  make important business decisions and adapt their farming practices to  face future challenges.   Information on climate change and its impact on agriculture is also  valuable to researchers and innovators working on technology to support  farming communities throughout the country and to policymakers as we  work to make informed choices that address these issues.   We have the capacity and a responsibility to address the challenges  of climate change head-on as a country. American farmers are some of  the most hardworking, resilient, and optimistic people in the country.  Their hard work nourishes our families and literally feeds the world.   We can and must ensure that they are equipped to be successful,  because their success not only affects our community's economy, but a  secure food supply depends on it. This amendment will ensure that USDA  and other Federal agencies will continue to make important information  available to farmers at a time when they need it most.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   