 Madam President, I rise today to join many of my  colleagues who have come to the floor and to express my opposition to  the nomination of Eric Miller to be U.S. circuit judge for the Ninth  Circuit. I have already expressed that opposition in my vote in the  Judiciary Committee, but I would like to explain this in more detail.   There are several troubling aspects of Mr. Miller's background,  particularly his consistent opposition to Tribal interests and women's  reproductive rights.   My State of Minnesota has a large and diverse Tribal population. I  have always believed that our State history has been drawn from the  culture and traditions of our Native Americans.   As a member of the Judiciary Committee, I know that Tribal  sovereignty is a fundamental tenet of our laws. The Ninth Circuit is  home to more federally recognized Tribes than any other circuit--more  than 425. So many of the cases that come before the court involve  Tribal issues. I am concerned that Mr. Miller has a history of  representing interests that have sought to undermine Tribal  sovereignty. For example, in a brief he filed before the Supreme Court,  he urged the Court to adopt a standard that would have undermined the  legitimacy of many federally recognized Tribal governments.    The National Congress of American Indians and the Native American  Rights Fund have come out against his confirmation. I know the Senator  from New Mexico, Mr. Udall, is here and understands the major concerns,  since he is the ranking member of the Indian Affairs Committee, and how  important that concern is. It is only the third time in the history of  these two organizations--the National Congress of American Indians and  the Native American Rights Fund--that they have opposed a judicial  nominee.   In their letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee, they wrote that  Eric  [[Page S1464]]  Miller ``chose to build a law practice on mounting repeated challenges  to tribal sovereignty, lands, religious freedom, and the core attribute  of Federal recognition of Tribal existence.''   I believe we need judges, particularly on the Ninth Circuit, who  respect the history and contribution of Tribal nations, not one who  seeks to undermine their sovereign status.   Mr. Miller's record on women's reproductive rights is no less  troubling. During his time at the Justice Department, he used  ideological language in cases in which he advocated for restrictions on  a woman's personal healthcare decisions. I am concerned about what this  says about how Mr. Miller will approach these types of cases.   Finally, it pains me to say that this is a historic moment for this  body--for the Senate--because of how we came to be here today. It is  not historic in a good sense of the word. It is historic in a bad sense  of the word. We are voting on this nomination today because of an  unprecedented disregard for the Senate's traditions when it comes to  judicial nominations. According to the Congressional Research Service,  no judge has ever been confirmed without having both blue slips  returned by both home State Senators until now. We have had instances  where one blue slip was returned, and the judge went on to be  confirmed, but what we have here is not one blue slip from either of  the home State Senators from the State of Washington was returned.   Senator Cantwell, who also, by the way, has been a major leader when  it comes to Tribal matters, did not return a blue slip for Mr. Miller.  Senator Murray, a major leader when it comes to women's rights, did not  return a blue slip for Mr. Miller.   In the rush to confirm judges like Mr. Miller, the Judiciary  Committee has chipped away at the traditions and rules that allow us to  properly advise and consent on nominations, which is our responsibility  specifically enumerated in the Constitution.   This goes beyond disregarding the voices of home State Senators on  judicial nominations. This nominee's hearing was held during a  monthlong recess with no Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee.  Since this was an established work period at home, only two Republican  Members were in attendance. Mr. Miller's questioning lasted for less  than 5 minutes for a lifetime appointment. Why would you have this  hearing at a time when we were scheduled to be working in our home  States? That is what happened because it was rammed through the Senate  without the support of either of the home State Senators.   At a time when the American people see this body shirking its  responsibilities to act as a check and balance on the executive branch,  and when they see us divided on the basic question of whether Congress  has the power of the purse, I am concerned about what message we are  sending to the country and the world about the health of this Senate.   This is a lifetime appointment. It should at least have had a normal  hearing. We should have at least respected the views of the home State  Senators as we have so many times in the past. There are no winners in  a race to the bottom when it comes to process in the Senate--a  democratic process, a process of advice and consent, a process of  checks and balances set up by our Founders so no one branch of  government would have all the power.   What do we see happening now? We see judges being put forward without  blue slips. What that simply means is, the home State Senators are OK  with that nominee. We have had blue slips over the years in many  administrations for judges who perhaps were not the first choice of the  home State Senators, but they were someone they felt could be a judge  out of their State who would have the right experience as well as be  fair and impartial in the administrative law.   What else do we have going on? We have a President who, after an  agreement was reached in the Senate, which is run by his own political  party, on how to do border security--and it was a widespread vote in  both the Senate and the House--he then decided to declare an emergency  to do something which I consider unconstitutional and has no respect  for the balance of powers. He decided he would declare an emergency,  when, in fact, those kinds of emergencies are things like Hurricane  Sandy and the weather we saw, and the damage down in Florida, or the  wildfires we saw in Colorado and in California. Those are emergencies.  In addition to that, it raises eminent domain issues at the border.   It also makes us question where the money is coming from. That is why  you see these lawsuits. The money is coming from the military budget,  military construction for our troops, and the like.   While this may seem like a very different issue, it is not a  different issue. It is the same issue. The Senate should be sticking up  for the individual States we represent and the power of those States  and the power of that balance that is so important to running this  government and to the very Constitution that guides us.   I yield the floor.   