 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 2290, the  Shutdown Guidance for Financial Institutions Act.   This legislation would help protect Federal employees, government  contractors, and small business owners from some of the financial  hardships that arise from a government shutdown.   The shutdown that lasted from late December 2018 through January of  this year, the longest in our Nation's history, stretched 35 days and  cost the economy billions of dollars.   For more than a month, paychecks were put on hold for 800,000 Federal  employees and work-stop orders went on to Federal contractors,  resulting in tens of thousands of layoffs. Unlike Federal workers,  contractors did not receive backpay.   Thousands of families saw their lives upended. Missing one paycheck  is a hardship for many, but missing two can be devastating. Not only  were people struggling to make their rent or mortgage payments, some  had to rely on food pantries to feed their families or ration their  insulin because they could not afford the copay. This was through no  fault of their own.   During this time, a lot of companies stepped up with offers of  assistance for people impacted by the shutdowns, including banks and  credit unions that offered flexible payment options and no-interest  loans.   This was especially important for employees in the national security  community because financial difficulties can damage their credit scores  and put their security clearances and, therefore, their livelihoods at  risk.   While it is positive to see so many lenders taking proactive steps to  mitigate harm, there were still issues and confusion at some financial  institutions, and regulator guidance from the Federal Government was  slow to come. It was not until the 20th day of the shutdown that  financial regulators provided guidance, encouraging banks to work with  borrowers and account holders affected by the shutdown, and letting  banks know that such efforts would not be subject to examiner  criticism.   During the shutdown in 2013, it wasn't until the ninth day that  similar guidance was released. Let me give you an example of why this  matters. I want to read part of a letter that I received from a  desperate constituent in the middle of the last shutdown.    She wrote: ``My husband and I recently sold our home and put an offer  on another home in the area. . . . The mortgage financing for our new  home was all set before the government shutdown. Our closing date is  set for January 28, 2019, on the new house. Today, we learned that the  mortgage company is denying our mortgage application because I am  furloughed. They consider me unemployed and too much of a risk to  finance.''   Thankfully, my constituent and her lender were able to work through  this problem. The mortgage was eventually approved, but this never  should have happened in the first place.   My legislation would essentially automate the process of issuing  guidance by requiring Federal financial regulators to release guidance  within 24 hours of the start of a shutdown. It also includes reporting  requirements on the effectiveness of the guidance and requires  regulators to fix any shortcomings that are identified.   Madam Speaker, despite the uncertainty and the hardship of the last  few years, Federal workers have shown a steadfast commitment to  service. They serve in every congressional district in every State,  carrying out countless vital responsibilities on behalf of the American  people. They deserve way better than the way they have been treated.   I thank Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry for ushering  this bill to the floor, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   