 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands and the gentleman from Nevada and our chair, Karen Bass, for  organizing this Special Order.   What an honor and a privilege to spend my early months as a freshman  Member of Congress in close proximity to a titan for justice and a  force for good, someone who spent several decades as a truth-teller and  a justice-  [[Page H8293]]  seeker, who, in his role as chair of the Committee on Oversight and  Reform, knew that the best disinfectant is sunlight, and he shone a  light on every injustice.   He was a patriot, tireless in his efforts to preserve our democracy,  and a statesman of unwavering conviction. He challenged each of us to  appeal to our better angels, to be decent, to be fair, to comport  ourselves with the reverence and dignity this institution demands and  our country deserves.   He was consistent and did that even in the face of great physical  fatigue and, some days, perhaps, even a weary spirit, in the face of  injustice and indignities. He often reminded us that it was our charge  on the Committee on Oversight and Reform to be an efficient and  effective pursuit of the truth.   His body has transitioned, but his instructive words ring  resoundingly and true. He was a selfless servant and leader until the  end.   One of the final pursuits of justice we took on together was to  maintain access to lifesaving healthcare for our immigrant neighbors in  the medical deferred action program. His staffer, Anthony, drove  through the night to Baltimore so the chairman could sign subpoenas,  advancing our fight together.   Truly, in life, all you have is your name and your word, and when it  comes to Elijah Cummings, both were good.   Until the very end, the chairman would stop my staff and me in the  hallways, and he would say: Are you keeping up the fight?   He knew the fight was greater than one man or one mission or one  legislative act. The pursuit of justice is not a box you simply check.  So we continue in that pursuit, following in the footsteps of a giant.   No one can fill your shoes, but we will pick up the torch and press  forward with your moral clarity as our roadmap and your vision as our  charge. We will keep up the fight.   To my forever chairman, Elijah Cummings, rest in power.   