 Madam President, I rise today because of my firm  opposition to Lawrence VanDyke's nomination to the Ninth Circuit Court  of Appeals, which has jurisdiction over my home State of Nevada. Mr.  VanDyke lacks the support of both his home State Senators, Jacky Rosen  and I. His qualifications are inadequate and his ties to Nevada are  minimal.   His nomination sets a dangerous precedent for the Senate and would  allow future administrations to nominate virtual outsiders to  communities across the country over Senators' objections.   The President could have chosen a better nominee. Senator Rosen and I  tried to work with the administration to identify well-respected  attorneys from Nevada as potential appeals court judges. Instead, the  President decided to nominate someone with no current ties to our  State, someone whom the American Bar Association has rated as ``not  qualified'' for the Federal bench, someone who holds extreme beliefs  about reproductive rights, LGBTQ rights, gun violence prevention, and  environmental protection.   The American Bar Association interviewed 60 of Mr. VanDyke's former  colleagues, and those colleagues characterized him as arrogant, lazy,  an ideologue, and lacking in knowledge of the day-to-day practice,  including procedural rules.   Mr. VanDyke's nomination is unprecedented for all of these reasons.  If confirmed to the Ninth Circuit, Lawrence VanDyke would be the first  judicial nominee appointed to the bench without the support of his home  State Senators, with a ``not qualified'' rating from the American Bar  Association, and without ties to the community whose appeals court seat  he would occupy.   I would like to ask my colleagues: What kind of message are we  sending when we confirm individuals who don't have the support of their  local communities?   We need judges with the knowledge, the maturity, and experience to  understand the impact their decisions will have on the States over  which they preside. How will my colleagues feel when a future  administration attempts to do the same thing to their State, when a  Democratic President, perhaps, nominates a Californian to sit on a  district court in Kentucky or a lifelong DC resident is sent to a court  in Texas?   Mr. VanDyke's qualifications and connections to Nevada are just one  part of my objection to his confirmation. I also believe Mr. VanDyke's  views are just too extreme to promote to the Federal bench. He signed  the State of Montana on to a brief in an Arizona case that argued that  Roe v. Wade ``should . . . be revisited.''   On LGBTQ protections, Mr. VanDyke at his confirmation hearings broke  down in tears of frustration at the very idea that he might be unfair  to LGBTQ litigants. He insisted that he believes in treating ``all  people . . . with dignity and respect,'' but he didn't treat LGBTQ  people with dignity and respect when he wrote in a 2004 article that  same-sex marriage hurts families, children, and society. It certainly  doesn't reflect an attitude of dignity and respect to support extreme  groups like the Family Research Council and the Alliance Defending  Freedom, both of which have been designated as anti-LGBTQ hate groups  by the Southern Poverty Law Center.   The people who can legitimately shed tears about Lawrence VanDyke's  record on LGBTQ rights are those who are still shunned because of whom  they love.   On the issue of preventing gun violence, Mr. VanDyke made his stance  clear in a questionnaire the NRA sent to him when he was running for  the Supreme Court of Montana. In his answers to the NRA's questions,  Mr. VanDyke said he believed that ``all gun control laws are  misdirected.'' In Nevada, we believe in Second Amendment rights, but we  also agree--as almost all Americans do--that commonsense measures like  background checks keep us safer.   Finally, Mr. VanDyke has done his best to erode environmental  standards and protections. As solicitor general of Nevada, he signed on  to a lawsuit that threatened the critical sage grouse protections.  Governor Sandoval, the Republican Governor at the time, said that  lawsuit ``did not represent the State of Nevada, the governor, or any  state agencies.''  [[Page S6934]]    The Western United States has some of the most fragile and iconic  public lands in the Nation. I object to letting Mr. VanDyke oversee  them when he seems to care so little for their values. Mr. VanDyke's  record shows that he is not a neutral arbiter of the law. Because of  his poor qualifications and because of his extreme activist approach to  the law, I will vote against his confirmation, and I urge my colleagues  to do the same.   I yield the floor.   