 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to the  Protecting Americans with Preexisting Conditions Act.   This bill would prevent the Trump administration from allowing States  to use waivers to provide junk health plans that reduce coverage and  decrease cost sharing provisions.   In the Affordable Care Act, section 1332 waivers were created to  provide States flexibility to implement innovative plans that would  expand coverage, reduce costs, and provide more comprehensive benefits.   Our States can be incubators for opportunity and these waivers allow  them the opportunity to improve access to affordable, quality services  in groundbreaking ways. But, last year, the Trump administration  released guidance that would allow States to use these waivers to take  care away from the individuals who need it most, and that is  unacceptable.   Because of the Affordable Care Act, 3,826,000 Californians have  gained health coverage. In my home district, the 45th District of  California, more than 338,000 people have a preexisting condition, many  of whom gained coverage or received more affordable coverage because of  new protections established under the Affordable Care Act.   This Sunday is Mother's Day. Having given birth, being a mother, is a  preexisting condition, a factor that used to contribute to higher  insurance costs for most of the women we will celebrate this weekend.  We can't go back to the days when being a woman was enough to let an  insurance company charge you more for basic healthcare.   My amendment will prohibit the administration from issuing any  waivers that would let States craft healthcare plans that would reduce  the number of individuals enrolled in comprehensive plans that are  compliant with our country's current healthcare laws.   This bill preserves waivers that provide States with flexibility.  This bill encourages States to provide innovative plans. But what this  bill does is make sure that those waivers can be used for their  original intent: expanding care and decreasing costs.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   