 Would my friend from North Dakota pause for a question?    Will my friend from North Dakota be willing to yield  for a question?    Thank you, Mr. President.   Mr. President, I am here on the floor to ultimately speak regarding  Mr. Readler's nomination, but I do want to respond to my colleagues. It  is hard to know where we begin because so much is said that doesn't  make any sense. It is made up. It is ridiculous.   What I wanted to address as my colleague was speaking was where it  said in the Green New Deal that we couldn't have ice cream. I have  looked everywhere. I like ice cream, and I was shocked that we weren't  going to have ice cream. Sure enough, there is nowhere where it says  that they are outlawing ice cream.   For people who like cheeseburgers and milkshakes, I don't see  anything in there about that either.   As the lead Democrat in the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry  Committee, who works with farmers every single day and appreciates the  great work they are doing to stop carbon pollution, I would just have  to say that it is pretty silly, if it weren't so serious, how the  Republican majority and the Republican leader are mocking what is  probably the most serious issue of our time.   There are many things that I care about and the people in Michigan  care about, but if we don't get a handle on what is happening on this  erratic and dangerous weather, it is going to affect every part of our  economy and every part of our way of life.   So if the majority leader or others want to say that we are declaring  a war to outlaw air travel or the military or ice cream, that is absurd  and would be funny if the whole subject weren't so serious.   By the way, in addition to that, the Republican majority leader said  that we want to end air travel and cow farts. By the way, just for the  record, cows don't fart; they belch.   The fact is that this mocking the serious, serious issue of our time,  where we can't get the majority to join us on a simple resolution to  say that climate change is real, that it is man-made, and that we need  to act and that we have a responsibility to our children and our  grandchildren to act. Let's start there.   I don't want to hear that somehow the world is coming to an end if  there is a proposal that passes and not have something in its place  that addresses what is actually happening in terms of the threats to  all of us, our families, our States, and our economy.   This is real. This subject is real. It needs a real discussion. We  can have differences. We will have differences on how to address it,  and that is fine--but to mock the whole subject of what is happening  right before our eyes. We have to make up new names now for weather  events in Michigan. Not only do we have polar vortexes where the cold  is rolling down because of the warming in the Arctic, but we have  cyclone bombs or bomb cyclones--I am not sure which it is--but it is  weather, wind events, that come at 60, 80 miles an hour into a  community like a cyclone bomb. We are having to make up new terms for  what is happening right in front of us.    So I would hope that when it comes to this discussion on what happens  with the weather and climate change, that we would put aside the games,  stop making stuff up, and have a serious discussion about how we can  come together, create new jobs, move the economy, stop carbon  pollution, and make sure our kids and grandkids actually have something  to be proud of.   