 Mr. Chairman, I thank Representative Horn for allowing  me to speak on these issues.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment supports small businesses by directing the  Secretary of the Navy to adhere to competitive procedures whenever  possible. This will not only make it easier for smaller contractors to  compete on an even playing field with billion-dollar corporations, but  it is also good governance.   Approximately 2,000 businesses provide support to the military and  defense sectors in Washington State. In the last 3 years, businesses  were awarded nearly $15 billion in related contracts.   Our small businesses, many of which are owned by veterans, are a  driving force in our economy, especially in Washington State. By  ensuring contracts are awarded on a competitive basis, we can save the  Federal Government millions of dollars in acquisition and sustainment  costs.   Also, for NDAA, I partnered with my friend and colleague,  Representative Rick Larsen, to ensure communities facing the greatest  risk of fire have equitable access to firefighting and emergency  equipment.   Two Federal programs, the Firefighter Property Program and the  Federal Excess Personal Property Program, transfer excess Department of  Defense property to the U.S. Forest Service, which then provides it to  States for use in firefighting. This property includes trucks, tools,  hoses, vehicles, and aircraft parts, as well as protective clothing.   However, these programs do not currently distribute equipment based  on need or risk, but rather on a first-come, first-served basis. This  bill will allow for need to be taken into consideration when this  equipment is available so that we can improve firefighting and  emergency service capabilities where they are needed most.   Lastly, I thank my colleague, Representative Stivers, for partnering  with me to ensure that the Secretary of Defense is conducting research  on the reproductive health of female servicemembers and making that  research public. With our military forces diversifying, it is important  that we address issues identified for improvement in that research.   