 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3877. I am  proud to support this 2-year budget agreement, because the alternative,  not having an agreement, is simply not an option.   I want all Members to understand the importance of this bill in front  of us. This deal keeps our economy on solid ground because the United  States will avoid defaulting on our financial obligations. Think of  that.    With this agreement, we continue to invest in rebuilding our Nation's  defense and protecting our strategic interests around the world. The  threat of terrorism continues, and Russian, Chinese, and Iranian  aggression is on the rise. It is critical that our military is ready to  meet and defeat all threats.   Unfortunately, unless we pass this bill, our military and our  veterans would face arbitrary cuts that would be harmful to our  security and that of our partners, like Israel and Jordan.   When I was the chairwoman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee,  I worked with the Secretary of Defense to put together a plan to  rebuild our military. He said it would take 5 years.   We have only appropriated the funds that were needed for two of those  years. We should continue that. If this bill does not pass, the  impending cuts will have a devastating impact on our national security.   Our Constitution explicitly states that the Congress provides for the  common defense. If we don't pass this bill, we have failed to live up  to our Constitutional responsibilities, and I am not willing to do  that.   Not only does this budget agreement stabilize funding for our  Nation's military over the next 2 years, it also sets up a framework to  prevent harmful ``poison pill'' riders from being included in must-pass  funding bills.   Finally, this agreement sets us on a path to complete an orderly  appropriations process and avoid a costly government shutdown.   Our President should be commended for negotiating with Congressional  leaders to protect key conservative priorities, from maintaining our  position as the most powerful military in the world, to protecting the  life of the unborn.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this bill and sending  it to the President's desk quickly for a signature.   