 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her  leadership and Mr. Sarbanes for his leadership and for allowing us to  tell our stories. Let me tell you the story of Texas.   In 2017, right before a bond election in my district and surrounding  areas, 4,000 people were taken off the voting rolls. In 2018, the  Secretary of State's Office purged people off the voting rolls with  absolutely no understanding and no notice.   H.R. 1 expands the access to the ballot box by creating voluntary  automatic voter registration access across the country, ensuring that  the rights of individuals who have completed felony sentences--family  members, your neighbors who have done their time--have the ability to  register as well, and expanding early voting. Be reminded of the 2000  election when those who had done their time, were citizens, went to the  voting poll, and they were told: Oh, you cannot vote.   It ends partisan gerrymandering, but in particular, it focuses on  opportunities for voting. So I am here to say those provisions are  crucial to providing the American public its constitutional right to  vote, and we should support that right.   Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1, The ``For the  People Act of 2019,'' which expands access to the ballot box, reduces  the influence of big money in politics, and strengthens ethics rules  for public servants.   I am proud to be one of 226, co-sponsors, and one of the original  cosponsors, of H.R. 1, which will increase public confidence in our  democracy by reducing the role of money in politics, restoring ethical  standards and integrity to government, and strengthening laws to  protect voting.   Specifically, the For the People Act will:   1. Make it easier, not harder, to vote by implementing automatic  voter registration, requiring early voting and vote by mail, committing  Congress to reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act and ensuring the  integrity of our elections by modernizing and strengthening our voting  systems and ending partisan redistricting.   2. Reform the campaign finance system by requiring all political  organizations to disclose large donors, updating political  advertisement laws for the digital age, establishing a public matching  system for citizen-owned elections, and revamping the Federal Election  Commission to ensure there's a cop on the campaign finance beat; and   3. Strengthen ethics laws to ensure that public officials work in the  public interest by extending conflict of interest laws to the President  and Vice President; requiring the release of their tax returns; closing  loopholes that allow former members of Congress to avoid cooling-off  periods for lobbying; closing the revolving door between industry and  the federal government; and establishing a code of conduct for the  Supreme Court.   H.R. 1 expands access to the ballot box by taking aim at  institutional barriers to voting.   This bill ensures that individuals who have completed felony  sentences have their full  [[Page H2395]]  rights restored and expands early voting and simplify absentee voting;  and modernize the U.S. voting system.   Mr. Chair, this legislation and this hearing is particularly timely  because more than half a century after the passage of the Voting Rights  Act of 1965, we are still discussing voter suppression--something which  should be a bygone relic of the past, but yet continues to  disenfranchise racial minorities, immigrants, women, and young people.   The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was a watershed moment for the Civil  Rights Movement--it liberated communities of color from legal  restrictions barring them from exercising the fundamental right to  civic engagement and political representation.   But uncaged by Supreme Court's infamous 2013 decision in Shelby  County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), which neutered the preclearance  provision of the Voting Rights Act, 14 states, including my state of  Texas, took extreme measures to enforce new voting restrictions before  the 2016 presidential election.   It is not a coincidence that many of these same states have  experienced increasing numbers of black and Hispanic voters in recent  elections.   If not for invidious, state-sponsored voter suppression policies like  discriminatory voter ID laws, reduced early voting periods, and voter  intimidation tactics that directly or indirectly target racial  minorities, the 2016 presidential election might have had a drastically  different outcome.   Mr. Chair, H.R. 1 must be passed because many of the civil rights  that I fought for as a student and young lawyer have been undermined or  been rolled back by reactionary forces in recent years.   To add insult to injury, the Trump Administration issued an Executive  Order establishing a so-called ``Election Integrity'' Commission to  investigate not voter suppression, but so-called ``voter fraud'' in the  2016 election.   Trump and his followers have been unceasing in their efforts to  perpetuate the myth of voter fraud, but it remains just that: a myth.   Between 2000 and 2014, there were 35 credible allegations of voter  fraud out of more than 834 million ballots cast--that is less than 1 in  28 million votes!   An extensive study by social scientists at Dartmouth College  uncovered no evidence to support Trump's hysterical and outrageous  allegations of widespread voter fraud ``rigging'' the 2016 election.   Just for the record, Mr. Chair, the popular vote of the 2016  presidential election was:   Hillary Clinton, 65,853,516   Donald Trump, 62,884,824   Trump's deficit of 2.9 million was the largest of any Electoral  College winner in history by a massive margin, and despite the  allegations of the current Administration, there have been only 4  documented cases of voter fraud in the 2016 election.   The Voter Fraud Commission, like many of Trump's business schemes,  was a massive scam built on countless lies that do not hold up to any  level of scrutiny.   As Members of Congress, we should be devoting our time, energy, and  resources addressing Russian infiltration of our election  infrastructure and campaigns, along with other pressing issues.   Instead of enjoying and strengthening the protections guaranteed in  the Voting Rights Act--people of color, women, LGBTQ individuals, and  immigrants--have been given the joyless, exhausting task of fending off  the constant barrage of attacks levelled at our communities by Trump  and other conspiracy theorists.   Not only are we tasked with reversing the current dismal state of  voter suppression against minorities; we are forced to refute the  blatant, propagandist lie of voter fraud.   To this end, I have been persistent in my efforts to protect the  rights of disenfranchised communities in my district of inner-city  Houston and across the nation.   Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have cosponsored dozens of bills,  amendments, and resolutions seeking to improve voters' rights at all  stages and levels of the election process.   This includes legislation aimed at:   1. Increasing voter outreach and turnout;   2. Ensuring both early and same-day registration;   3. Standardizing physical and language accessibility at polling  places;   4. Expanding early voting periods;   5. Decreasing voter wait times;   6. Guaranteeing absentee ballots, especially for displaced citizens;   7. Modernizing voting technologies and strengthening our voter record  systems;   8. Establishing the federal Election Day as a national holiday; and   9. Condemning and criminalizing deceptive practices, voter  intimidation, and other suppression tactics;   Along with many of my CBC colleagues, I was an original cosponsor of  H.R. 9, the Fannie Lou Hamer, Rosa Parks, and Coretta Scott King Voting  Rights Act Reauthorization and Amendments Act, which became public law  on July 27, 2006.   I also authored H.R. 745 in the 110th Congress, which added the  legendary Barbara Jordan to the list of civil rights trailblazers whose  memories are honored in the naming the Voting Rights Act  Reauthorization and Amendments Act.   This bill strengthened the original Voting Rights Act by replacing  federal voting examiners with federal voting observers--a significant  enhancement that made it easier to safeguard against racially biased  voter suppression tactics.   In the 114th Congress, I introduced H.R. 75, the Coretta Scott King  Mid-Decade Redistricting Prohibition Act of 2015, which prohibits  states whose congressional districts have been redistricted after a  decennial census from redrawing their district lines until the next  census.   Prejudiced redistricting, or gerrymandering as it is more commonly  known, has been used for decades to weaken the voting power of African  Americans, Latino Americans, and other minorities since the Civil  Rights Era.   Immediately after the Shelby County ruling, which lifted preclearance  requirements for states with histories of discrimination seeking to  change their voting laws or practices, redistricting became a favorite  tool for Republicans who connived to unfairly gain 3 congressional  seats in Texas.   In the 110th Congress, I was the original sponsor of H.R. 6778, the  Ex-Offenders Voting Rights Act of 2008, which prohibited denial of the  right to vote in a federal election on the bases of an individual's  status as a formerly incarcerated person.   The Ex-Offenders Voting Rights Act sought to reverse discriminatory  voter restrictions that disproportionately affect the African American  voting population, which continues to be targeted by mass  incarceration, police profiling, and a biased criminal justice system.   Those of us who cherish the right to vote justifiably are skeptical  of Voter ID laws because we understand how these laws, like poll taxes  and literacy tests, can be used to impede or negate the ability of  seniors, racial and language minorities, and young people to cast their  votes.   Voter ID laws are just one of the means that can be used to abridge  or suppress the right to vote but there are others, including:   1. Curtailing or Eliminating Early Voting;   2. Ending Same-Day Registration;   3. Not counting provisional ballots cast in the wrong precinct on  Election Day will not count;   4. Eliminating Teenage Pre-Registration;   5. Shortened Poll Hours;   6. Lessening the standards governing voter challenges used by  vigilantes, like the King Street Patriots in my city of Houston, to  cause trouble at the polls;   7. ``Voter Caging,'' to suppress the turnout of minority voters by  sending non-forwardable mail to targeted populations and, once the mail  is returned, using the returned mail to compile lists of voters whose  eligibility is then challenged on the basis of residence under state  law; and   8. Employing targeted redistricting techniques to dilute minority  voting strength, notably ``Cracking'' (i.e., fragmenting and dispersing  concentrations of minority populations); ``Stacking'' (combining  concentrations of minority voters with greater concentrations of white  populations); and ``Packing'' (i.e., over-concentrating minority voters  in as few districts as possible).   Mr. Chair, we must not allow our democracy to slide back into the  worst elements of this country's past, to stand idly by as our  treasured values of democracy, progress, and equality are poisoned and  dismantled.   I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 1, the ``For The  People Act of 2019.''    Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1,  The ``For the People Act of 2019,'' which expands access to the ballot  box, reduces the influence of big money in politics, and strengthens  ethics rules for public servants.   I am proud to be one of 226, co-sponsors, and one of the original  cosponsors, of H.R. 1, which will increase public confidence in our  democracy by reducing the role of money in politics, restoring ethical  standards and integrity to government, and strengthening laws to  protect voting.   Specifically, the For the People Act will:   1. Make it easier, not harder, to vote by implementing automatic  voter registration, requiring early voting and vote by mail, committing  Congress to reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act and ensuring the  integrity of our elections by modernizing and strengthening our voting  systems and ending partisan redistricting.   2. Reform the campaign finance system by requiring all political  organizations to disclose large donors, updating political  advertisement laws for the digital age, establishing a public matching  system for citizen-owned elections, and revamping the Federal Election  Commission to ensure there's a cop on the campaign finance beat; and   3. Strengthen ethics laws to ensure that public officials work in the  public interest by extending conflict of interest laws to the President  and Vice President; requiring the release of their tax returns; closing  loopholes that allow former members of Congress to avoid cooling-off  periods for lobbying; closing the revolving door between industry and  the federal government; and establishing a code of conduct for the  Supreme Court.   H.R. 1 expands access to the ballot box by taking aim at  institutional barriers to voting.   This bill ensures that individuals who have completed felony  sentences have their full rights restored and expands early voting and  simplify absentee voting; and modernize the U.S. voting system.   Mr. Chair, this legislation and this hearing is particularly timely  because more than half a century after the passage of the Voting Rights  Act of 1965, we are still discussing voter suppression--something which  should be a bygone relic of the past, but yet continues to  disenfranchise racial minorities, immigrants, women, and young people.   The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was a watershed moment for the Civil  Rights Movement--it liberated communities of color from legal  restrictions barring them from exercising the fundamental right to  civic engagement and political representation.   But uncaged by Supreme Court's infamous 2013 decision in Shelby  County v. Holder, 570 U.S. 529 (2013), which neutered the preclearance  provision of the Voting Rights Act, 14 states, including my state of  Texas, took extreme measures to enforce new voting  [[Page H2409]]  restrictions before the 2016 presidential election.   It is not a coincidence that many of these same states have  experienced increasing numbers of black and Hispanic voters in recent  elections.   If not for invidious, state-sponsored voter suppression policies like  discriminatory voter ID laws, reduced early voting periods, and voter  intimidation tactics that directly or indirectly target racial  minorities, the 2016 presidential election might have had a drastically  different outcome.   Mr. Chair, H.R. 1 must be passed because many of the civil rights  that I fought for as a student and young lawyer have been undermined or  been rolled back by reactionary forces in recent years.   To add insult to injury, the Trump Administration issued an Executive  Order establishing a so-called ``Election Integrity'' Commission to  investigate not voter suppression, but so-called ``voter fraud'' in the  2016 election.   Trump and his followers have been unceasing in their efforts to  perpetuate the myth of voter fraud, but it remains just that: a myth.   Between 2000 and 2014, there were 35 credible allegations of voter  fraud out of more than 834 million ballots cast--that is less than 1 in  28 million votes.   An extensive study by social scientists at Dartmouth College  uncovered no evidence to support Trump's hysterical and outrageous  allegations of widespread voter fraud ``rigging'' the 2016 election.   Just for the record, Mr. Chair, the popular vote of the 2016  presidential election was:   Hillary Clinton, 65,853,516.   Donald Trump, 62,884,824.   Trump's deficit of 2.9 million was the largest of any Electoral  College winner in history by a massive margin, and despite the  allegations of the current Administration, there have been only 4  documented cases of voter fraud in the 2016 election.   The Voter Fraud Commission, like many of Trump's business schemes,  was a massive scam built on countless lies that do not hold up to any  level of scrutiny.   As Members of Congress, we should be devoting our time, energy, and  resources addressing Russian infiltration of our election  infrastructure and campaigns, along with other pressing issues.   Instead of enjoying and strengthening the protections guaranteed in  the Voting Rights Act--people of color, women, LGBTQ individuals, and  immigrants--have been given the joyless, exhausting task of fending off  the constant barrage of attacks levelled at our communities by Trump  and other conspiracy theorists.   Not only are we tasked with reversing the current dismal state of  voter suppression against minorities; we are forced to refute the  blatant, propagandist lie of voter fraud.   To this end, I have been persistent in my efforts to protect the  rights of disenfranchised communities in my district of inner-city  Houston and across the nation.   Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have cosponsored dozens of bills,  amendments, and resolutions seeking to improve voters' rights at all  stages and levels of the election process.   This includes legislation aimed at:   1. Increasing voter outreach and turnout;   2. Ensuring both early and same-day registration;   3. Standardizing physical and language accessibility at polling  places;   4. Expanding early voting periods;   5. Decreasing voter wait times;   6. Guaranteeing absentee ballots, especially for displaced citizens;   7. Modernizing voting technologies and strengthening our voter record  systems;   8. Establishing the federal Election Day as a national holiday; and   9. Condemning and criminalizing deceptive practices, voter  intimidation, and other suppression tactics;   Along with many of my CBC colleagues, I was an original cosponsor of  H.R. 9, the Fannie Lou Hamer, Rosa Parks, and Coretta Scott King Voting  Rights Act Reauthorization and Amendments Act, which became public law  on July 27, 2006.    I also authored H.R. 745 in the 110th Congress, which added the  legendary Barbara Jordan to the list of civil rights trailblazers whose  memories are honored in the naming the Voting Rights Act  Reauthorization and Amendments Act.   This bill strengthened the original Voting Rights Act by replacing  federal voting examiners with federal voting observers a significant  enhancement that made it easier to safeguard against racially biased  voter suppression tactics.   In the 114th Congress, I introduced H.R. 75, the Coretta Scott King  Mid-Decade Redistricting Prohibition Act of 2015, which prohibits  states whose congressional districts have been redistricted after a  decennial census from redrawing their district lines until the next  census.   Prejudiced redistricting, or gerrymandering as it is more commonly  known, has been used for decades to weaken the voting power of African  Americans, Latino Americans, and other minorities since the Civil  Rights Era.   Immediately after the Shelby County ruling, which lifted preclearance  requirements for states with histories of discrimination seeking to  change their voting laws or practices, redistricting became a favorite  tool for Republicans who connived to unfairly gain 3 congressional  seats in Texas.   In the 110th Congress, I was the original sponsor of H.R. 6778, the  Ex-Offenders Voting Rights Act of 2008, which prohibited denial of the  right to vote in a federal election on the basis of an individual's  status as a formerly incarcerated person.   The Ex-Offenders Voting Rights Act sought to reverse discriminatory  voter restrictions that disproportionately affect the African American  voting population, which continues to be targeted by mass  incarceration, police profiling, and a biased criminal justice system.   Those of us who cherish the right to vote justifiably are skeptical  of Voter ID laws because we understand how these laws, like poll taxes  and literacy tests, can be used to impede or negate the ability of  seniors, racial and language minorities, and young people to cast their  votes.   Voter ID laws are just one of the means that can be used to abridge  or suppress the right to vote but there are others, including:   1. Curtailing or Eliminating Early Voting;   2. Ending Same-Day Registration;   3. Not counting provisional ballots cast in the wrong precinct on  Election Day will not count;   4. Eliminating Teenage Pre-Registration;   5. Shortened Poll Hours;   6. Lessening the standards governing voter challenges used by  vigilantes, like the King Street Patriots in my city of Houston, to  cause trouble at the polls;   7. ``Voter Caging,'' to suppress the turnout of minority voters by  sending non-forwardable mail to targeted populations and, once the mail  is returned, using the returned mail to compile lists of voters whose  eligibility is then challenged on the basis of residence under state  law; and   8. Employing targeted redistricting techniques to dilute minority  voting strength, notably ``Cracking'' (i.e., fragmenting and dispersing  concentrations of minority populations); ``Stacking'' (combining  concentrations of minority voters with greater concentrations of white  populations); and ``Packing'' (i.e., over-concentrating minority voters  in as few districts as possible).   Mr. Chair, we must not allow our democracy to slide back into the  worst elements of this country's past, to stand idly by as our  treasured values of democracy, progress, and equality are poisoned and  dismantled.   I urge all members to join me in voting to pass H.R. 1, the ``For The  People Act of 2019.''   