 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a vote that  we will be having in just a few minutes on the process of moving Andrew  Wheeler forward as the EPA Administrator.   This is not a time for talk; it is not time for theoretical debates.  This is certainly not the time for an EPA Administrator who, during his  time at the EPA, has ignored climate scientists, rolled back climate  regulations, and taken action that will lead to more carbon pollution.   Instead, this is a time for bold, decisive action. We need to act  today because life on our planet depends on it. The fate of our Nation  depends on it. Our children's and grandchildren's futures depend on it.   For those reasons, I cannot support Andrew Wheeler for the critical  position of EPA Administrator.   Climate change is real. In fact, it is more than real. It is an  existential crisis, and it is already having real impact on Michigan  families and Michigan's economy.   Some call it global warming. Katharine Hayhoe, a climate scientist  from Texas Tech, has a better term. She call calls it ``global  weirding.'' Ask anybody in Michigan. Things have been weird.   Our lakes are heating up. In fact, Lake Superior is getting about 2  degrees warmer each decade. That could make the lake a happy home for  invasive species, like sea lamprey.   As the waters warm, these parasites grow and kill off more trout and  salmon and other fish that are key to the Great Lakes' $8 billion  recreational fishing industry. It is believed that warmer temperatures  contributed to algal blooms on the lake last summer.   Other changes we are seeing are life-threatening.   Thanks to the polar vortex in January, Michigan experienced  temperatures colder than Antarctica. Scientists believe that climate  change has caused the jet stream to become wobbly--that is a technical  term, ``wobbly''--pushing dangerously frigid air south.   Folks say: Well, how can it be global warming when we see the polar  vortex? It is about what is happening to destabilize the atmosphere and  the planet and the changes that are occurring.   Last weekend, a bomb cyclone hit my State, leaving tens of thousands  of Michigan residents without power.   We are having to come up with new terms. I had never heard of a bomb  cyclone--60-mile-an-hour winds, ripping up homes and farms and  roadways.   The intensity of what is happening is incredible. The travel was so  treacherous in Otsego County that all roads were closed--all of the  roads were closed. Even drivers on Interstate 75 were getting stuck in  drifts. That is our major highway.   We can't link any specific storm to climate change. However, we do  know that overall climate change is making storms more intense. They  are longer. They are more intense. They are happening more frequently  with more intensity.   Last summer in Houghton County, more than 5\1/2\ inches of rain fell  in 6 hours. It caused at least $100 million in damage to  infrastructure, and a 12-year-old-boy died when the basement of his  home collapsed.   Our climate is changing, but you don't have to take my word for it.  Just ask insurance company executives. Their companies paid out a  record $135 billion--billion dollars--from natural disasters in 2017  alone. That is almost three times as much as the historic annual  average, and their projections show it getting worse.   We need to take action on climate change. While it is not widely  recognized, I want to speak about something positive that we have done,  and that was last year's farm bill.   As you know, the farm bill passed the Senate with a vote of 87 to  13--the most votes in history. While the bill was historic for a number  of reasons, one of those is that it includes the most ambitious Federal  climate-smart agricultural and forestry policies to date, working with  farmers and ranchers as partners.   It helps farmers implement climate-smart policies by revamping USDA  conservation programs to prioritize investments in soil carbon  sequestration, incentivizing the planting of cover crops, and expanding  USDA support for farmer participation in carbon markets.   It also invests in the Rural Energy for America Program, which helps  farmers and rural small businesses install renewable energy systems and  creates a joint USDA-Department of Energy education grant program to  drive carbon capture projects across rural America.   We must also protect forests and farmland, which serve as vital  carbon sinks that hold carbon rather than releasing it and making the  destabilization even worse.   The farm bill amends the popular Healthy Forests Reserve Program to  prioritize carbon sequestration practices programs and discourage the  development of forestland. It authorizes new programs to restore  national forest landscapes, protect carbon-rich, old-growth trees, and  prevent uncharacteristic wildfires and their emissions. It establishes  a landmark soil health demonstration trial to keep carbon in the ground  and promote healthy and productive farmland.   I am proud of what we did. It was done with the partnership of  farmers and ranchers, and I have to say that our farmers understand the  importance of protecting our land--their land--air, and water, I think,  as much as, if not more than anyone else. No one's business is more  impacted by severe and erratic weather than our farmers. They are  caught right in the middle of it, and I appreciate their working with  us to be part of the solution.   I am also working with my colleagues on policies to ensure that the  United States, not China, is the global leader on advanced  transportation technologies like electric and hydrogen vehicles.   Meanwhile, Andrew Wheeler and the Trump administration are upending  fuel economy and carbon regulations in a way that hurts the auto  industry, consumers, and our environment. We need to invest more in  renewable energy and the research that is making it more affordable all  the time.   Electric utilities in Michigan have committed to dramatically  increase renewable electricity, reduce carbon emissions by 80 percent,  and stop burning coal.   Meanwhile, Andrew Wheeler and the Trump administration have rolled  back the historic Clean Power Plan.   I am proud of the fact that Michigan utilities are moving forward  anyway because they know it is the right thing and they know what is at  stake. But this administration--Andrew Wheeler--has rolled back the  historic Clean Power Plan, the Nation's first regulation of greenhouse  gases from the power sector.   We need to be laser-focused on climate change and the existential  threat it represents. Meanwhile, Andrew Wheeler and the Trump  administration are doing their best to pretend that climate change is  no big deal. That is even as the Pentagon recently concluded that two- thirds of critical military installations are threatened--two-thirds of  critical military installations are threatened--by climate change.  [[Page S1508]]    Climate change is a big deal, and it is time to do something about it  that is real--not play political games, but to actually do something  thoughtful and real about it.   In the wise words of Hank Williams, Jr., ``We need a little less talk  and a lot more action.'' Andrew Wheeler has repeatedly shown no  interest in acting. In fact, he wants to take us backward--and is  taking us backward--on climate change. He has no interest in reducing,  let alone eliminating, carbon pollution. We need to act, and it is  clear that Andrew Wheeler is the wrong person to lead the EPA at this  critical time for our country.   I urge a ``no'' vote on Andrew Wheeler for EPA Administrator.   