 Mr. Speaker, it is a very disconcerting day for so many  of us here.   I thank Mr. Hoyer for bringing us together to mourn the loss of our  dear friend and colleague, Elijah Cummings. I thank my friend for his  beautiful statement calling forth so many of the beautiful attributes  of Elijah Cummings.   As the gentleman spoke, I was reminded of how he always was a calmer  of the waters. No matter how rough and tumble things would be, he would  always just calm the waters and reach out, whether it was across the  aisle, across the issue, across the Capitol, or down Pennsylvania  Avenue.    I know that the people of Baltimore, the U.S. Congress, and America  have lost the voice of the unsurpassed moral clarity and truth of our  beloved Mr. Chairman, Elijah Cummings. I am personally devastated by  his passing, as I know many of us are.   We have flowers in his place where he sat, where we all sought  counsel, learned more, or calmed down and were lifted up by the wisdom,  the graciousness, and the goodness of Elijah Cummings.  [[Page H8223]]    In the House, Elijah was the North Star. He was a leader of towering  character and integrity whose stirring voice and steadfast values  pushed the Congress and the country to give rise to a higher purpose of  why we are here.   His principled leadership as the chair of the Committee on Oversight  and Reform was a perfect testament to his commitment to restoring  honesty and honor to government, and he leaves a powerful legacy for  years to come.   People think of him as that chairman but meaning so much to him was  his role as a senior member of the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee. He was always fighting for his district, for his State of  Maryland, and for the country. He was a powerful voice for building the  infrastructure of America and for creating good-paying jobs. He was a  working-class guy in terms of whom he was here to serve.   I was very proud of him as a member of the U.S. Naval Academy Board  of Visitors. He took great pride in the Naval Academy, his role on the  board, and Maryland's role in our national security. I know we have  some Naval Academy graduates here, and that was a source of great  pride. He said that you have taken me to a new level of decisionmaking,  in terms of national security.   Chairman Cummings' story was the story of America. He was a  sharecropper's son who dedicated his life to advancing justice,  respecting human dignity, and--as the gentleman from Maryland said-- ending discrimination.   He believed in the promise of America because he had lived it. He  dedicated his life to advancing those values that safeguard our  Republic: justice, equality, liberty, and fairness.   As our distinguished leader, Mr. Hoyer, said earlier, we were always  listening to Elijah. These flowers remind me of it because of the  growth and renewal that are there. He said, ``Our children are the  living messages we send to a future we will never see.''   He also wanted to build a future that was worthy of the aspirations  of our children. He always wanted to make sure that they took with them  the values that nurtured him and that he was promoting in his public  service.   Earlier this year, Chairman Cummings asked us: ``When we are dancing  with the angels, the question will be asked: In 2019, what did we do to  make sure we kept our democracy intact?''   He is now with the angels, out of pain.   And Maya said this morning, he fought the fight right up until the  end. And those of us who communicated with him--I didn't know he was  this close. I thought he was coming back in a few weeks.   But our Members, as I stated to our Republican colleagues, we had a  conference call on Friday, this past Friday, not a full week ago, in  which Elijah, as always, was passionate about what he believed in,  dispassionate about how he conveyed a plan for how we would go forward  with fairness, with justice, with dignity, worthy of the oath of office  that we take to the Constitution, worthy of the vision of our Founders  establishing this institution, and worthy, again, of the aspirations of  our children, his words: messengers to a future we will never see.   His leadership made a difference in strengthening our democracy.  Again, during difficult times, let us draw strength from his righteous  words that the leader has been reminding us of all day: ``We are better  than this. We are better than this.''   In the Congress, we will miss his wisdom, his dignity, the brilliance  of his mind, the kindness of his heart, the friendship that meant so  much to us and that we could all call upon.   In Baltimore, we will miss him as a champion.   May it be a comfort to his wife, Maya, to whom I conveyed the good  wishes of the Congress this morning, may it be a comfort to Maya, to  his three children and Chairman Cummings' entire family and, I want to  add to that, his dedicated and devoted staff, in every capacity--as a  Member, as a chairman, as a member of the committee, whom he just  treated with such fairness and respect, his staff--may it be a comfort  to them all that so many mourn their loss and are praying for them at  this sad time and that he will always be inside of our hearts as we  make decisions about our responsibilities and how we will be  accountable when we are dancing with the angels.   God bless you, darling Elijah. We all love you. We miss you, but we  will never forget you, and your legacy will live in the Congress of the  United States in this House of Representatives.   