 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition  to the nomination of Eric Miller to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.   As an attorney and former attorney general, like my good colleague  from Connecticut, I have a deep respect and appreciation for our  Federal judiciary. I believe that carefully guarding the professional  reputation of our Federal bench is critical to maintaining respect for  the rule of law in our country.   The American people must be able to trust that our Federal judges  will be fair and neutral arbiters of any dispute before them. So in  considering whether a nominee is deserving of the awesome  responsibility of a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench, we must  carefully evaluate their professional and personal qualifications to  ensure that they are of the highest intellectual, professional, and  moral caliber.   I have carefully reviewed Mr. Miller's record, and I believe that he  is the wrong candidate to fill this judicial seat. I believe my  Republican colleagues know it. That is why they have made every effort  to jam this confirmation through.   The majority-led Judiciary Committee and Republican leadership have  taken extraordinary steps to rush this nomination. Republicans held Mr.  Miller's confirmation hearing during an October recess, without the  consent of minority members of the committee, questioning him for just  5 minutes and then gaveling out. As you heard, only two Senators were  at that hearing. That is not regular order in the Senate.   Unfortunately, the Republican leadership continues to attack regular  order in the Senate by attacking Senate precedent. This nominee, if  confirmed, will be the first circuit court judge advanced without the  support of either of their home State Senators. That is the blue-slip  process.   The blue-slip process is an essential tradition of respecting the  wishes of each nominee's home State Senators, and it is the start of  the advice and consent process.   This is about our system of checks and balances, respecting one  another, and the prerogatives of the Senate that ensure every Senator  has a voice in the selection of judges in their home State. This  institutional check has never been more important than it is today  because we have a President who undermines the legitimacy and  impartiality of the courts.   By bringing up this confirmation for a vote before the Senate,  Republican leaders are circumventing Senators, ignoring the people we  were elected to represent, and damaging our critical role in  appropriately deliberating on lifetime judicial nominees and  representing the will of our constituents who elected us. This is a  dereliction of the Senate's duty, and it is an assault on our  institutions.   If confirmed, Mr. Miller will have a lifetime appointment to one of  the highest courts in America. He will make decisions on our Nation's  most important issues and will have the power to change Americans'  lives. Yet this Republican leadership believes a 5-minute hearing is  enough for a circuit court nominee who doesn't have the support of his  own home State Senators.   When the confirmation process is rushed like this, critical  information about the history and character of the nominees will be  missed. These lapses undermine the integrity of our confirmation  process and ultimately undermine the public's faith in our Federal  judiciary.   I share many of the same concerns of Senators Cantwell and Murray  about Mr. Miller's views on Tribal sovereignty and other critical  issues. Mr. Miller's past work in undermining Tribal sovereignty and  Tribal rights raises questions about how he would treat Tribes who come  before him as a circuit court judge. His confirmation could have  serious ramifications for Native communities in Washington, Nevada, and  across the country.   Each one of us is elected to represent our State and its people.  Today's move by the majority is nothing less than an assault on our  oath to the Constitution and our duty to serve our constituents.  [[Page S1467]]    I urge my colleagues to vote no on this nomination and stand together  in a bipartisan way to confirm nominees who reflect our States, our  country, and respect the Senators.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   