 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.J. Res. 28.   I support the goal of reopening the government. There are many  critical programs that are on pause that are important to my  constituents, as they are to all of us.   This prolonged shutdown has been particularly hard for Federal  employees like our TSA screeners, Border Patrol agents, Coast Guard  defenders, and air traffic controllers. Like all of us, these workers  have families and bills to pay. It is vital that we come to an  agreement, and soon.   Unfortunately, the bill we are considering today will not restart  those programs or help our districts. That is because it is not a  comprehensive solution to resolve the government shutdown and fully  address the security and humanitarian crisis we face on our southern  border.   Criminals, terrorists, and drugs are flooding our shores. Tens of  thousands of children, many of them without their parents, make the  dangerous trip to the United States every year.   I have been to the border and to Central America, and I have heard  the heartbreaking stories. I have looked in the faces of those mothers  and children.   This situation is unacceptable, and it must be addressed for the  safety and security of Americans and those coming to the border. We can  and must do better.   Mr. Speaker, again, I share the concern that parts of the government  remain closed and employees are not yet being paid, but moving this  bill across the floor will not help those employees. To put it simply,  that is not a bipartisan consensus.   I hope Members on the other side of the aisle will come back to the  negotiating table and work with Republicans in the House, the Senate,  and the White House to find a compromise that will address the crisis  on the border and reopen the government.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Aderholt).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Fleischmann).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Rutherford).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Florida.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this  measure, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, my motion to recommit amends this joint  resolution, changing the date of the continuing resolution to January  15.   This will ensure that Federal employees will get the retroactive pay  they deserve, consistent with the Government Employee Fair Treatment  Act of 2019, that the President signed yesterday.   The Senate will not take up, and the President will not sign, a  continuing resolution through February 28. The President has made clear  that he will not open the government until our Nation's border security  is addressed. But, the Democrats refuse to negotiate with Republicans.  They refuse to come to the table.   This shutdown has caused real-world consequences for Federal  employees, people who keep us safe and protect our borders, like the  TSA, the Border Patrol, the air traffic controllers, and the Coast  Guard. My motion will allow Federal employees to get the paychecks they  recently missed.   This resolution provides some relief to Federal employees, while we  wait for Democrats to come to the negotiating table. We need to start  working on legislation that can be enacted into law.   Federal employees should not suffer because of the Democrats' refusal  to negotiate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the motion, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   