 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Johnson), the committee chairwoman, for yielding me the time and for  supporting this bill, as well as the ranking member from Oklahoma, both  of whom have shown a true willingness to address the impact of climate  change and the impact that it has had on our oceans.   The increased carbon absorbed by our oceans has presented a crisis  that has touched coastal communities in the Pacific and Atlantic  Oceans, as well as the connected water bodies in between. That is why  it is encouraging to see the health of our oceans finally receive the  attention from this Chamber that they have long deserved, with the four  bipartisan bills before us today.   Despite congressional inaction, the Federal Government has done its  best to address ocean acidification through existing programs and  budgets.   I would particularly like to recognize the work of the National  Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, better known as NOAA, which has  never shirked its responsibility to safeguard our seas in the face of  climate change, even though the agency did not receive additional  resources to meet this complex challenge. It is due to NOAA's research  that we know that our oceans have increased in acidity by approximately  30 percent since the industrial revolution and could experience  increases up to 150 percent by the end of the century.   Let's be clear. That data isn't just frightening on an environmental  level. It also spells disaster for our economy.   America's coastal communities produce 45 percent of the Nation's  gross domestic product, and nearly 3 million American jobs are directly  dependent on the resources of our oceans and the Great Lakes. If we let  this  [[Page H4327]]  problem intensify, the financial implications will ripple across all of  our communities.   I remember hearing about the issue of ocean acidification taking hold  in Maine during the summer of 2012. Maine had experienced a big spike  in ocean temperatures that summer. Triggerfish, seahorses, and a lot of  invasive species started showing up that year.   A little fishery for squid popped up in Penobscot Bay. Black sea  bass, which are common south of Cape Cod, migrated north and became a  major predator of small crustaceans, such as baby lobsters. In a State  renowned for its lobster, you can imagine that the impacts on our  economy were significant.   Meanwhile, our clammers and shellfish growers have reported similar  impacts.   Bill Mook, an oyster farmer on Maine's Damariscotta River, told me  that he has had to adjust operations to mitigate for ocean  acidification and worries how future oyster production will be  affected.   According to a recent study by the Woods Hole Oceanographic  Institute, the Gulf of Maine is more susceptible to pressures of ocean  acidification than any other region on the East Coast.   These are only a few of the reasons why I introduced the bipartisan  Coastal Communities Ocean Acidification Act, which is one of the four  bills under consideration today. My bill would direct NOAA to study the  socioeconomic impacts of ocean acidification on coastal communities  nationwide and, better yet, finally provide the agency with the  additional authorized funding needed to do this essential research.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the four bipartisan bills before the  House today, including my own. It is critical that we protect our  coastal economies and our oceans so that they are here for the next  generation.   