 Mr. President, I am proud to be here on the floor today  to join with Senator Baldwin and Senator Jones on their resolution with  Senator Murphy. I have to say to Senator Murphy, before he puts that  down, I have to look at that list and tell you that, before the  Affordable Care Act, I would get calls like this, and I am sure you  did, too.   Someone calls me and would say: I paid into healthcare all my life  and never gotten sick, and then I finally needed surgery. What do you  mean it only pays for 1 day in the hospital? Well, it never paid for  more than 1 day in the hospital, but they didn't know it because they  didn't get sick.   So folks buy the junk plans--and thank you for the list--but they buy  the junk plan being healthy and then will never know that it doesn't  cover those things unless they get sick. When they find out, it will be  too late.   So that is why we are here because we know that healthcare isn't  political. It shouldn't be political. It is personal for every one of  us. It is personal for ourselves and our families. It affects all of  us, whether we are Democrats, Republicans, Independents, vote, don't  vote, urban, rural from any State in the Union.   In fact, when people tell me their healthcare stories, they don't  start by telling me their political affiliation. They talk to me about  what has happened to them, what has happened to their mom and dad, what  has happened to their children. Political affiliation doesn't matter.   People in Michigan simply want to know that the healthcare they  depend on will be there for them and be affordable for them and their  family today and into the future, and that is the fight that we have as  Democrats. We will continue that fight.   Unfortunately, they have reason to be worried about the rise of  short-term, limited duration insurance plans. They should be worried  about what these plans don't cover--junk plans, as we are calling them.  As Senator Baldwin said so well, they are junk. They don't really cover  anything. They make you feel good, as long as you are healthy, that you  have got insurance, but then you find out, when you get sick, that your  child is not covered or you are not covered.   The fact many of these plans are medically underwritten, which means  that the insurance company--by the way, junk plans are about putting  decisions back in the hands of the insurance company, instead of you  knowing that you and your doctor can decide what you need and that it  will be covered. The insurance companies can charge whatever they want  based on somebody's health, gender, age, or other status.   Remember when being a woman was considered a preexisting condition? I  do. These plans are bringing that back. One recent study found that  none of these plans that have been approved by the Trump administration  so far cover maternity care--none of them. We fought hard--I fought  hard--as a member of the Finance Committee to make sure that women's  healthcare and maternity care were covered. Our healthcare is as basic  a healthcare as any man's healthcare and ought to be covered the same.    I want to repeat this. We have a maternal health crisis in this  country, and the administration is pushing plans that don't cover basic  coverage for women. On top of that, these junk plans can exclude people  with preexisting conditions--yes, they can--and impose yearly or  lifetime caps on care.   Remember when you had to worry about how many cancer treatments the  insurance company would pay for? Now, there aren't caps so that you can  decide and your doctor can decide with you on what it takes to put you  in remission and put you on a healthy path. It is estimated about half  of Michigan families include somebody with a preexisting condition-- about half--with everything from heart disease to asthma to arthritis.  I met with some of them earlier this month during the National Brain  Tumor Society's Head to the Hill event.   Tiffany, who is from Livonia, was just 17 years old when she was  diagnosed with a brain tumor. Since then, her tumor has reoccurred six  times. She has been through seven surgeries, chemotherapy, and  radiation treatments. The location of her tumor means that Tiffany has  also lost some of the use of her left arm and hand. Tiffany doesn't  have a choice. Her life depends on having comprehensive health  insurance. Unfortunately, that kind of insurance is getting less and  less affordable.   So when our Republican colleagues come to the floor and say that we  just want to raise prices, let me tell you what has really happened in  the last year. The sabotage by the Trump administration, the  unravelling of the Affordable Care Act, the junk plans, now the  instability and going into court to try to totally repeal the  Affordable Care Act, all of that instability--everything that has been  done--means that comprehensive health insurance costs have gone up 16.6  percent this year, so somebody buying insurance is paying an average  16.6 percent more than they did last year because of all of this effort  to sabotage, undermine, and unravel the healthcare system.   Tiffany should be able to focus on getting the treatment she needs  and living her best life possible, not how she will pay for the  insurance she needs. We all know Tiffany isn't alone. It is estimated  that 130 million people in our country are living with preexisting  conditions--130 million people. That is 130 million people who could be  hurt either directly or indirectly by these short-term junk plans.   Two weeks ago, I had the chance to speak at the Detroit Race for the  Cure, which raises money for breast cancer research and services. As I  stood on the stage and looked out at over 10,000 people, a lot of  beautiful pink all surrounding us in downtown Detroit, I saw people  with preexisting conditions. One woman, who was standing on the stage  near me, asked me the question: Why is it that I have to worry about  whether or not I will be able to get insurance in the future? Why do I  have to worry about that?   She added: Why don't President Trump and other Republicans understand  this is my life?   It is not political for her. It is personal. It is her life. I think  that is a very good question: Why don't Republicans understand that  people like Tiffany and those women in pink deserve healthcare  protections?   Protecting people with preexisting conditions isn't about politics.  It is about saving lives. I urge my colleagues to support this  commonsense legislation and the efforts of Senator Baldwin and Jones.  [[Page S3038]]        