 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania  for yielding me the time.   I rise today in support of the Violence Against Women Act of 2019.   I want to thank the chair of the Judiciary Committee, and I want to  commend the chair of the Subcommittee  [[Page H2996]]  on Crime, Terrorism, and Homeland Security for her leadership and quick  action to get this reauthorized in the 116th Congress.    I also want to thank the chair of the Rules Committee for his effort  to bring this to the floor today and to have a strong debate.   The Violence Against Women Act is a success story. Since its  groundbreaking passage in 1994, this bill has been an example of  Congress working in a bipartisan way to address an intolerable problem,  the problem of domestic violence. Today, we are here, over two decades  later, making VAWA even better.   H.R. 1585 will improve services for victims of domestic violence,  dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. It assists young victims  of violence, and it extends programs to address bullying. It also  updates current programs relative to dating violence and children  exposed to violent acts.   Of particular importance in the State of Maine, the bill will further  protect Native American women by expanding the provisions written in  2013. H.R. 1585 will include Tribal jurisdiction over non-Indian  predators of dating violence, stalking, and trafficking. At last, the  Tribes of Maine and Alaska will have the same protections provided to  Tribes nationwide.   According to the most recent data from the National Institute of  Justice, four in five American Indian and Alaska Native women have  experienced violence in their lifetime. But, according to the way the  Maine Indian Claims Settlement Act has been interpreted by some, Maine  has been left out of the law. Unfortunately, this has resulted in  Tribal victims of domestic violence in Maine or Alaska losing out on  protections that have been extended to Tribal victims of every  federally recognized Tribe in the country.    The benefits that other Tribes have seen from allowing  Tribal jurisdiction over domestic violence cases include: increased  public safety for all of those living on Tribal lands, increased  community conversations about domestic violence, updates to Tribal  criminal codes, and increased collaboration among Tribes and local and  State governments--all of which have been elusive for the Tribes of  Maine.   Today's bill will address this long overdue unfairness that has left  Maine Tribes not only to be treated differently, but has also left them  out of the benefits of the 2013 VAWA bill.   For every Member of this body, there are many reasons to support this  bill, and I urge my colleagues to do so.   