 Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 539, the Innovators  to Entrepreneurs Act of 2019. I thank Mr. Lipinski for his leadership  on this bipartisan legislation and look forward to working with him to  see it through to the President's desk.   Each dollar the U.S. invests in research grants at our universities  is a dollar toward the birth of potentially game-changing discoveries  and innovation. Innovation is the lifeblood of our economy. The job  creation and economic security gains created by scientific advances can  only be enjoyed if we fully support the innovation ecosystem from  discovery to commercialization. Finding ways to maximize the benefits  of federally funded research is critical to U.S. competitiveness in the  global market.   H.R. 539 does just that. This bill creates a link between two of our  most important programs that focus on creating a sustainable path from  laboratory to market for valuable scientific research. This bill  expands participation in the Innovation Corps Program to Small Business  Innovation Program grantees. Started at the National Science  Foundation, the Innovation Corps program, or I-Corps, helps prepare  scientists and engineers to think beyond the university lab and gives  them the skills to identify products with commercial potential and to  be successful entrepreneurs. The Small Business Innovation Program and  Small Business Technology Transfer Program, known as SBIR and STTR, are  valuable programs that provide competitive research and development  grants and contracts to innovative small businesses.   H.R. 539 also seeks make available specialized I-Corps courses in all  aspects of preparing a product to go to market. This is a vital  component which can help identify market failures and premature  business formation. Unfortunately, too many innovative ideas do not  make it to the commercialization phase. This bill will help increase  those odds.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 539.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 425, the  Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act. I commend Mr. Dunn and Mr.  Lamb for their leadership in bringing this important legislation to the  floor. As Chair of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee I am  committed to supporting a strong STEM workforce. In light of increasing  global competition, we must do more to ensure workers are equipped with  the STEM skills and knowledge employers need.   Veterans are a highly trained and highly motivated group. They have  the skills, the determination, and the know-how to thrive in high- paying, secure STEM careers. H.R. 425 directs the National Science  Foundation and the Office of Science and Technology Policy to leverage  existing data and programs to better support veterans in their  transition to the STEM workforce. We need all hands on deck if we are  to maintain our standing as the global leader in innovation. H.R. 425  is a good step in that direction. I urge my colleagues to join me in  support of this bill.   