 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    The Senator from Delaware is correct that the Rubio  amendment does not affect the use of digital maps by the U.S. Fish and  Wildlife Service for the implementation of the Coastal Barrier  Resources Act.    The Senator from Delaware's understanding of the Rubio  amendment is correct.    Madam President, we are now down to the final minutes  of debate on S. 47, our Natural Resources Management Act. This is  something we had a good number of Members come to the floor to speak  on. Our Members are proud of the many provisions that we have seen fit  to include within this package itself--bills that relate to lands and  land conveyances, conservation aspects, sportsmen's provisions, those  measures that can help bring about economic development in very small  areas. We are very proud of what we have done with this process that  has led us to where we are today.   I am excited that we are coming to the end of the debate and,  hopefully, will be able to move this bill across the floor with a very  strong bipartisan vote. We had a good showing last night with our  cloture vote, 87 to 7, to end the debate. That was good and sound. We  are looking forward to sending this to our colleagues on the House side  for their review and their support and, hopefully, shortly after that,  their ratification.   When we take a package that is over 100 bills from over 50 different  Senators and over 90 who have signed on as cosponsors, that  demonstrates something. What we have done with the strength, extent,  and expanse of these provisions, the efforts we have made to ensure  that the Land and Water Conservation Fund continues with a permanent  extension and what we have done, as I mentioned, within the sportsmen's  provisions to really help make a difference for those men and women,  certainly Senator Manchin and me and sportsmen and women around the  country, by making sure that our public lands are open for recreational  fishing, hunting, target shooting--this is significant for us,  certainly from an economic perspective, when you think about how much  goes into these areas. Sportsmen and women spent about $119 billion-- that was back in 2016--on everything from their gear to the support in  these small communities. But when we talk about access to land, it is  not just access to land, it is expansion of economic opportunities.   We also have provisions to encourage the Secretary of Interior and  Secretary of Agriculture to think bigger and identify more  opportunities for recreation, hunting, and fishing on our public lands.  We have special hunting days for youth, veterans, and Active Duty  military. We have included provisions from the WILD Act--the Wildlife  Innovation and Longevity Driver Act--to protect endangered populations  and combat invasive species. There is so much contained in this  measure.   With regard to the conservation provisions, we think we have done  them right because we have worked to ensure that we have strong support  at State and local levels. We are creating three new National  monuments--two in Kentucky and one in Mississippi--with Congress at the  helm of those provisions.   We have provisions to improve volcano monitoring and warning systems,  which is important if an aircraft in the sky passes across an area  where there has been eruptions. We have provisions that promote  wildlife conservation, combat endangered species, protect endangered  species and water management provisions that save water, protect public  safety, enhance fish protections and wildlife habitat. We do all of  this, and the CBO estimates that we will reduce direct spending by $10  million over the next 10 years. We recognize that is hardly enough to  reduce deficits, but it is a bonus. We are chalking that up as an  additional bonus.   This has come together with a great deal of hard work by many Members  and our staffs. I want to particularly recognize the good work of my  ranking partners, Senator Cantwell in the previous Congress and now  Senator  [[Page S1195]]  Manchin, and their help in getting us to this point. I thank not only  the Members but their very strong staffs who have worked in conjunction  with my staff. I recognize that we stand up and do a lot of the  talking, but the behind-the-scenes negotiation, the navigating, making  sure that the wording is just exact--what we have done, I think, has  been yeoman's work in getting us here, and I am very, very proud of all  of those who have helped accomplish that.   Stating for the Members again, this is a big package, a substantive  package, but there is more to come. These public lands matters have a  tendency to stack up, so we are hardly finished with our work in this  area. We are clearing the decks this afternoon of the items that are  ready to go to the President right now. After we spent so much time  working through them in this regular order process in this Congress, I  think it is something we can be proud of.   There is a lot of stress that goes on, and there have been some  discussions, just earlier, about how we keep the wheels on the bus, how  we keep the government from shutting down, how we figure out how to  deal with appropriations bills, and here we have been just plugging  quietly along, moving forward on legislation that has been a great  cooperative effort, a great bipartisan effort, and, hopefully soon, a  very great bicameral effort, demonstrating that maybe--just maybe--we  in Congress can get something done.   It is nice to be part of a team that is making things happen and,  again, great thanks and great appreciation to the many Members who have  helped. I also want to give a shout-out to Senator Heinrich, who has  been here every step of the way, pushing on these sportsmen's matters.  Senator Wyden has also been a great help. Over on the Republican side,  Senator Gardner and Senator Daines have been in this every inch of the  way, helping us advance. It is a good place and a good time to be  working toward the finish line.   With that, I yield to my friend and ranking member, the Senator from  West Virginia.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   