 Mr. Speaker, a little over 5 years ago, on March 22,  2014, Washington State experienced one of the worst natural disasters  to date. In a matter of seconds, a tragic landslide near Oso killed 43  people, destroyed over 40 homes, and severely damaged public  infrastructure and private property.   That day forever changed the people of Oso, Darrington, Arlington,  and the Stillaguamish and Sauk-Suiattle Tribes. They are an inspiring  community who did everything possible and came together to help their  neighbors.   The Federal Government declared a major disaster in the State of  Washington and made sure that Federal resources were available to  supplement State, Tribal, and local recovery efforts. While the  recovery was slow, these agencies responded to calls for aid when our  communities needed roads rebuilt, an extension to file taxes,  assistance to get kids to school, or to find new housing.   Unfortunately, this type of event is not unique to Oso or to  Washington State. Every State in the country faces some amount of  landslide risk, a risk that has not been well identified or addressed  when compared to earthquakes, hurricanes, or floods.   Substantial work needs to be done to gain a better understanding of  landslides and their potential impacts in order to reduce losses of  life and property.   According to the U.S. Geological Survey and National Research  Council, landslides result in an estimated 20 to 50 deaths and between  $1 billion and $2 billion of damage each year.   There is no one collective landslide inventory for most counties,  States, or the entire country, and there isn't an agreed-upon  methodology for creating one. The establishment of a program addressing  landslide hazards as well as increased funding for mapping, education,  and risk assessment is crucial and could help save many lives, homes,  and infrastructure in the future.   We need to do more to ensure that we fund programs and research  efforts to prevent future natural disasters from becoming national  tragedies. That is why I introduced this bill, the National Landslide  Preparedness Act.   This legislation would establish a National Landslide Hazards  Reduction Program through the U.S. Geological Survey to better identify  and understand landslide risks, protect communities and property,  improve emergency preparedness, and, most importantly, save lives.   My bill would also direct the USGS to implement a 3D Elevation  Program  [[Page H4201]]  to update and coordinate the collection of enhanced high-resolution  elevation data across the country. This is crucial for numerous  reasons:   To help communities plan for and respond to natural hazards;   To update the Nation's topographical maps; and   To inform a myriad of uses, including public safety, national  security, planning, infrastructure, administration, agriculture, and  natural resource management.   Currently, much of the country still relies on data collected more  than 30 years ago using older technologies that do not provide the same  resolution and benefits. It is time that landslide hazards are  addressed properly and in a collaborative fashion. This legislation  will allow significant progress to be made in landslide science and  will allow communities to be better prepared for when landslides do  occur.   We will never forget those who were lost in the slide and the  incredible community that worked so hard to rebuild.   Five years ago at the Oso firehouse, President Obama said that the  Nation was with the community every step of the way in the rebuilding  process. Part of that process is making sure we do everything in our  power to make sure that all communities have the necessary information  to be better prepared for dangerous landslides.   Mr. Speaker, given the importance of this issue to communities across  the country, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.   