 Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment on behalf of  myself, Congressman Moulton of Massachusetts and Congresswoman Hayes of  Connecticut, and express my appreciation to them for their assistance  and support.   The Jackson Lee/Moulton/Hayes Amendment improves the bill by adding a  finding which emphasizes the importance of international cooperation  and multilateralism in responding to the global challenges facing the  international community.   The Paris Climate Accord was an example of the international  leadership, commitment, and resolve that defeated fascism, created  NATO, the European Union, the Marshall Plan, the World Bank,  International Monetary Fund, and most importantly, preserved peace and  freedom for the last 75 years.   Collective international action is also needed to combat growing  international challenges such as terrorism, human trafficking, and  black-market sales of illegal weapons, drugs, and tobacco.   No one country can solve these problems on its own, and this  amendment emphasizes the importance of collective international action.   The landmark Paris Climate Accord was established to combat climate  change and to accelerate and intensify the actions and investments  needed for a sustainable low carbon future.   This also brings all nations into a common cause to undertake  ambitious efforts to combat climate change and adapt to its effects,  with enhanced support to assist developing countries to do so.   And in these efforts, we promote the importance of continued  international cooperation that has sustained the global community  through epidemics, famines, and natural disasters.   A collective of rational actors acting in a selfless manner to  achieve a rational result such as this requires leadership and systemic  reasoning.   Without this type of collective action and selfless resolve, we leave  ourselves vulnerable to a Tragedy of Commons.   When countries act solely in their best interests without regard to  combatting international threats, everyone suffers.   That is why a great person and former Secretary of State, Hillary  Clinton, so eloquently said: ``We are stronger together.''   The Jackson Lee/Moulton/Hayes Amendment reflects this important  insight.   I urge support of the Jackson Lee/Moulton/Hayes Amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment on  behalf of myself, Congressman Moulton of Massachusetts and  Congresswoman Hayes of Connecticut, and express my appreciation to them  for their assistance and support.   The Jackson Lee/Moulton/Hayes Amendment improves the bill by adding a  finding which emphasizes the importance of international cooperation  and multilateralism in responding to the global challenges facing the  international community.   The Paris Climate Accord was an example of the international  leadership, commitment, and resolve that defeated fascism, created  NATO, the European Union, the Marshall Plan, the World Bank,  International Monetary Fund, and most importantly, preserved peace and  freedom for the last 75 years.   Collective international action is also needed to combat growing  international challenges such as terrorism, human trafficking, and  black-market sales of illegal weapons, drugs, and tobacco.   No one country can solve these problems on its own, and this  amendment emphasizes the importance of collective international action.   The landmark Paris Climate Accord was established to combat climate  change and to accelerate and intensify the actions and investments  needed for a sustainable low carbon future.   This also brings all nations into a common cause to undertake  ambitious efforts to combat climate change and adapt to its effects,  with enhanced support to assist developing countries to do so.   And in these efforts, we promote the importance of continued  international cooperation that has sustained the global community  through epidemics, famines, and natural disasters.   A collective of rational actors acting in a selfless manner to  achieve a rational result such as this requires leadership and systemic  reasoning.   Without this type of collective action and selfless resolve, we leave  ourselves vulnerable to a Tragedy of Commons.   When countries act solely in their best interests without regard to  combatting international threats, everyone suffers.   That is why a great person and former Secretary of State, Hillary  Clinton, so eloquently said: ``We are stronger together.''   The Jackson Lee/Moulton/Hayes Amendment reflects this important  insight.   I urge support of the Jackson Lee/Moulton/Hayes Amendment.   