 Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member and  our chairwoman for their leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Veteran  Entrepreneurship Training Act of 2021, which equips transitioning  servicemembers with resources to become entrepreneurs.   In Congress, it is my greatest privilege to represent our military  servicemembers and veterans in the 25th District of Texas, and I am  honored to fight on their behalf in Washington.   I am proud to have led this bipartisan bill with my Democratic  colleague and my friend, Mr. Schneider. Our bill codifies the Boots to  Business Program for 5 years.   The Boots to Business Program is a 2-day, in-person entrepreneurship  program offered by the Small Business Administration that provides  transitioning servicemembers and military spouses information about  business ownership and self-employment.   While serving in the military, our servicemembers learned how to make  sound decisions in chaotic environments. Research has shown that  servicemembers' unique skill sets prepare them to own and operate their  own business.   Every year more than 200,000 servicemembers make the transition from  military to civilian life, and it is critical that we assist their  transition and provide them with the tools they need to be successful  in whatever they endeavor next.   This week is National Veterans Small Business Week, making it the  perfect time for Congress to pass this bill and empower our veteran  entrepreneurs. It is our duty and responsibility to ensure the men and  women who have defended our liberty and freedom are given the tools to  launch a successful business career after their military service  concludes.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--this is  bipartisanship--to support this bill to continue this crucial program  that helps our veterans become the next generation of business leaders.   In God We Trust.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Missouri for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, I rise today as a small business owner for 51 years. I  still have a business; I still employ hundreds of people; and I want to  be a voice for my constituents in Texas-25 and to call attention to the  dangerous socialist policies--yes, I said socialist--that Democrats  are, once again, trying to jam through the people's House.   President Biden inherited a strong economy from President Trump-- frankly, as good as I have ever seen in 50 years of being in business.  But in less than a year, President Biden and Democrats want to crush  small businesses with higher taxes and increased regulations, extend  supply chain shortages, and keep workers on the bleacher seats with  continued government handouts.   The government should not be paying people to sit on the couch or  imposing tax hikes and regulations that will damage small businesses  that are already struggling with record job openings because of  government giveaways.   As a small business owner, as I said, for over 50 years, I understand  firsthand the negative impacts of increased taxes and how excessive  regulations can hinder growth and kill startup opportunities.   I have seen firsthand how the supply chain crisis is halting U.S.  production. I see it in my business today, in the auto business, which  the Biden administration refuses to acknowledge or let alone address.   Small businesses are hurting. Main Street America is still struggling  to recover, and it is hurting. Banks are trying to provide increased  access to capital, but they are being forced to hire more compliance  officers than loan officers.   Burdensome, overreaching government policies have real impacts on  small business owners and the communities who depend on them. We do not  need the Federal Government to tell entrepreneurs--people who take  risks--how to operate their businesses. Rather, it should foster a  properly regulated economy that creates opportunity for all.   Main Street America is the backbone to our economy, and small  businesses employ more Americans than any other sector there is.  Hundreds of small businesses in my district in Texas and across the  country will experience the negative effects of President Biden's and  Speaker Pelosi's socialist policies--yes, I said socialist policies--as  they chart a course to destroy Main Street, increase taxes, and make  the people more reliant on the government.   Madam Speaker, I will continue to oppose any efforts to raise taxes  or efforts to make it harder for businesses to compete. I encourage  Democrats to end their relentless campaign to make America more like  China and Russia. It just doesn't work. But competing with less  government regulation does. The bottom line is: Risk and reward equal  the American Dream.   In God We Trust.   