 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I want to preface by saying that I do not agree with everything in  this bill, but the committee-passed bill is worthy of support.   I want to especially thank Ranking Member Rogers and Chairman Smith  for their attention to minimizing extraneous provisions in the markup  that have little to do with our national security or supporting our  servicemembers. Our struggle to close conference last year because of  these issues were wholly associated with provisions that are not  connected to national security. And these attempts, I believe, were  offensive, and similar attempts to include these unnecessary provisions  this year should be rebuffed.   Unfortunately, Speaker Pelosi has not listened to the lessons learned  from last year's conference and has decided to add several non-germane  bills to the NDAA at Rules that have nothing to do with defense.   I want to make this clear for my colleagues offering these  amendments: We should not use servicemembers as a tool to achieve  partisan gain. I repeat: We should not use servicemembers as a tool to  achieve partisan gain. And I voted in opposition to the rule, but I  hope that I can vote for final passage of this year's NDAA.   As to the committee mark, we started with an anemic budget request  from the Biden administration that in the Seapower portfolio requested  only eight ships, two of which were fleet tugboats. How the  administration can set China as the pacing threat and reduce Navy force  structure is simply baffling.   Fortunately, with the leadership of Ranking Member Rogers and others  on the committee, we were able to authorize additional funds to the  defense top line to provide the real growth necessary to dissuade  future conflict. With this, we authorized 13 battle force ships and  rebuffed the administration's request to retire three cruisers.   Additionally, we sought to expand the submarine industrial base by  authorizing funds that enable a submarine construction build rate of  three by 2025. The mark also includes critical capabilities to support  our Nation's deterrence with continued strong investments in the  Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine and the B-21 Raider bomber.   I think this is a good bill in its current form, and it is worthy of  my colleagues' support.   MR. SMITH of Washington. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 1\1/2\ minutes  just to address a couple things the gentleman from Virginia said.   I want to be clear, it is the longstanding practice of our committee  that we take issues that are not in our jurisdiction. We have done it  under Republican leadership. We have done it under Democratic  leadership.   It is also the longstanding practice of our committee to work with  the committees of jurisdiction, and only if in a bipartisan, bicameral  way those committees of jurisdiction agree, does it ultimately go into  the conference report. So you don't need to be afraid of stuff that you  don't like. Work with  [[Page H4802]]  your committees of jurisdiction and it goes into the conference report  if we get agreement. If it doesn't, it doesn't.   Second, last year that is not what held us up. The two things that  held us up last year were one thing that was very much within the  jurisdiction of this committee, and that was whether or not to rename  military bases; to change the names of the bases named for  Confederates, very much in our jurisdiction.   And the second thing was President Trump's last-second desire, out of  nowhere, to add section 230 to the bill. We weren't held up by these  things, and we will not be held up this year. If the committees of  jurisdiction do not agree, we don't do it. We just have that  negotiation. If they can, we give them a ride. So don't need to worry  about that. It is a good bill. Go ahead and vote for it.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Speier), the chairwoman of the Military Personnel Subcommittee.   