 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  appreciate the work of the chairman and ranking member.   I rise in support of this legislation. It is not what I would have if  I was chairman. It is not what Mr. DeFazio would have as chairman, but  it is what we have got.   We need infrastructure in this country now. The last big  infrastructure bill we passed, Jim Oberstar and myself, was $286  billion. We darn near did that unanimously. It was the biggest one.   But from that time on, we have not raised the money, nor have we put  what I call the where-for-all in the hands to build roads and airports  and all of the other things, all of the ports. Transportation is the  economy of this great Nation, and we have fallen behind.    Even in those days when I was chairman, I said we needed a trillion  dollars, and people laughed at me. But the fact of the matter is, we  did need it. We need this bill to make sure that we have an economic  base for the future generations of this great Nation.   Would I have done it this way? No. I would have said: ``Mr. DeFazio,  Mr. Graves, members of the committee, let's write a bill together with  the Senate.'' We don't have that chance. This is the last opportunity  we have to make sure those potholes are filled, those airports are run  right, the bridges are safe, and our economy can continue to grow. This  is the only chance we have.   To my colleagues who are voting ``no,'' I say: Think about it. What  is the other alternative? I don't tie it to the big bill, the $3  trillion whatever. I don't tie it to that. Some people do. This is a  working piece of legislation that will build and put people to work.  Not only will it put them to work, but it is something that provides  the economic basis for this great Nation.   I suggest, respectfully, to my side of the aisle and to that side of  the aisle, if we really want to make this Nation great again, then  let's pass this legislation for the construction of the economy of this  great Nation through transportation. I ask my colleagues to consider  that.   