 Mr. President, yesterday, the Senate confirmed the  nomination of Jayme White to serve as a Deputy U.S. Trade  Representative. Today, the Senate has an opportunity to fill another  important position following a debate on President Biden's nomination,  Sarah Bianchi, for that role.   I am just going to speak briefly and outline a few key reasons why  Ms. Bianchi is the right person for this important job and why the  Senate should confirm her nomination today.   She is a longtime, accomplished member of the Biden economic team.  She has worked in a host of settings during her time in public service:  the Office of the Vice President, the Domestic Policy Council, the  Office of Management and Budget, and as a staff member here in the  Senate. She brings valuable experience in the private sector to her  nomination as well. She has helped build a strong Biden economic agenda  that is focused on making sure that all Americans have the opportunity  to get ahead.   With respect to the key issue of trade, which is under the  jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee, that means fighting for  American workers and American businesses and cracking down on the trade  cheats that will flagrantly try to rip off jobs and economic growth.   The variety and the depth of Ms. Bianchi's experience in public  service will be a big asset to Ambassador Tai and the team at USTR.   When the Finance Committee voted on Ms. Bianchi's nomination, she was  approved by a vote of 27 to 1. I often say that it is a struggle to get  a bipartisan group of 27 Senators to even agree on buying a 7UP, but  supporting the Bianchi nomination is clearly a bipartisan proposition  on a vital economic position.   In fact, all of President Biden's USTR nominees that have come before  the Finance Committee, I am pleased to say, have gotten strong support  from both sides of the aisle; for example, a longtime staffer of mine,  Jayme White--80 votes yesterday, 80 votes, with strong support, I might  add, from business and labor. It is because these individuals are  focused on getting beyond some of the old theories about trade--free  trade, fair trade, and the like. What really brings Democrats and  Republicans together is trade done right.   That is what Ms. Bianchi is all about. When she is confirmed, she  will take on a challenging portfolio at USTR, which includes Asia,  Africa, investment, services, textiles, and industrial competitiveness.   The headline in that list, of course, is taking on China. The Finance  Committee has worked hard on policies designed to take on China's many  trade rip-offs. There is China's use of forced labor, for example,  massive unfair subsidies that destroy any semblance of a level playing  field, theft of intellectual property, and the Great Firewall and  censorship of the internet extending beyond China's borders. These  abuses, these rip-offs, directly threaten American jobs, innovations,  and values from sea to shining sea.   For the U.S. Senate, part of how Members must address these issues is  confirming highly qualified and experienced nominees like Sarah  Bianchi, whose job will include confronting China directly. The Senate  simply can't afford to leave this important Deputy USTR role open any  longer. Now the Senate has a top-notch nominee before us.   I support Sarah Bianchi fully. Twenty-seven members of the Finance  Committee supported her earlier this year during our committee's  markup. I urge Senators to vote yes on the Bianchi nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   