 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the nomination of Avril  Danica Haines to be Director of National Intelligence. I think my  colleagues know that in a few minutes, the Senate will be voting on her  nomination for this key position.   I briefly intend to outline where I think things stand on several  sensitive issues with the 18 agencies that make up the intelligence  community.   The Biden administration and Ms. Haines have an opportunity and a  duty to turn the page on the coverups and lawlessness of the outgoing  administration. That is why I asked Ms. Haines at her confirmation  hearing whether she would abide by a law that I authored requiring an  unclassified report on who was responsible for the killing of  Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi.   Jamal Khashoggi was a U.S. resident who was lured to the Saudi  consulate in Istanbul and brutally murdered. Despite press stories that  the Saudi Arabian leader was responsible for the killing, the Trump  administration stayed mum, just stonewalled. For a whole year, the  Trump administration just ignored the law that I wrote. So I asked Ms.  Haines at our hearing whether she would follow the law and provide that  unclassified report on who was responsible for Jamal Khashoggi's  murder. Ms. Haines' response was straightforward. She said she would  provide the report and comply with the law.   That statement, frankly, as modest as it was, was a sea change,  colleagues, from the obstructionism and stonewalling of the Trump  administration. The Trump administration had basically taken the  position on laws like this transparency measure that it was kind of  optional for the executive branch to comply.   So Ms. Haines' direct commitment to making that key report on the  role the Saudi leaders in the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, in my view,  was a real step forward for the rule of law, for accountability, and  for human rights. And I will say as a journalist's kid that it was a  real step forward for the freedom of the press everywhere.   The second subject I discussed with Ms. Haines was a particularly  troubling aspect of the CIA's recent history. The CIA spied on the  staff of the Senate Intelligence Committee when the staff was writing  the torture report. As Deputy Director, Ms. Haines didn't hold anyone  accountable. In my view, this abuse, this spying on the Senate Select  Committee on Intelligence, basically, colleagues, turns the whole  concept of oversight on its head. The U.S. Congress is supposed to do  oversight on the executive branch and not visa-versa.   In response to my questions at the hearing, Ms. Haines admitted that  the spying on the committee was wrong. She also agreed that she  supported recommendations to expand accountability and would apply that  expanded accountability to the intelligence community at large. And  when she was asked about the CIA's baseless efforts to have committee  staff prosecuted, she agreed that there ought to be guardrails against  that happening again.   The third area I explored with the nominee was the need to rebuild  trust in the intelligence community, which, in my view, requires a new  focus on transparency and openness. For example, there ought to be  transparency so that the American people know what kind of surveillance  is being conducted on them. The President of the Senate knows about the  important vote we had on that amendment that I offered, the bipartisan  amendment with Senator Daines, because we ought to get transparency on  whether the government is spying on the browsing history of the  American people.   So this is really a critical and growing concern because we are all  seeing data brokers and others selling people's data, and it is  especially important that the American people are told if the  government is using a legal loophole in the law in the warrant  requirement of the Fourth Amendment So I asked Ms. Haines about  circumstances in which the government, instead of getting an order,  just goes out and purchases the private records of Americans from these  sleazy and unregulated commercial data brokers who are simply above the  law--literally above the law. I believe this practice is unacceptable,  and soon I will be introducing legislation to make it clear that the  Fourth Amendment is not for sale.    Now, for Congress to tackle the topic, it is vitally important that  there be an informed public debate about what the government is  collecting right now and what it believes is a legal basis for the  collection. And I was encouraged by how Ms. Haines responded to that  question I asked. She said it was critical that the American people  have an understanding of when and under what authorities the government  is buying their private data.   Now, Ms. Haines made a number of other commitments related to  transparency issues, many of which relate to a problem that I have come  to describe as ``secret law.''   To my colleagues--I see our new Members here--people think when a law  is written, they go to a coffee shop in Atlanta or Athens or Tucson,  and they read about a law, and they think that is what the public law  says. But secret law is based on the proposition that after the public  law is put in place, the government often reinterprets the public law  in secret and keeps the new interpretation secret under the pretext  that this secrecy is just so key to keeping Americans safe.   The reality is that the interpretation of public law ought to be  transparent and public as well, and it comes down to a very  straightforward principle. I am a strong opponent of secret law. I am a  strong supporter of transparency. And I intend to remind Director  Haines what she told me just a few days ago about transparency and to  push hard for the public release of as much information as possible  when Americans deserve to see it, and they can see it when it is  consistent with the safety and well-being of their households and their  loved ones.   I also intend to push the Director of National Intelligence to fix a  broken declassification system. For years, a  [[Page S70]]  flood of new, digitally classified information has overwhelmed the  obsolete, paper-based declassification system. This system is so out of  whack that in order to get a document declassified, government  officials actually have to walk the document around Washington from  agency to agency. I actually said at our open hearing that I wonder if  it is getting to the point that to get a document declassified, someone  who works for the government has to pack a lunch, put the document in a  big black briefcase, and then make their way all over the Nation's  Capital.   So I have introduced with Senator Moran bipartisan legislation to  authorize the Director of National Intelligence to fix the problem. Ms.  Haines has acknowledged the seriousness of the problem and the DNI's  role in fixing it. It is my intent to make sure that this also is not  allowed to just continue as business as usual.   Some of the starkest differences between the actions of the outgoing  administration and the positions taken by Ms. Haines here a couple days  ago relate to the crucial area of whistleblowers.   The outgoing administration broke the law when it withheld from  Congress the complaint of the Ukraine whistleblower, the whistleblower  who identified abuses that resulted in the first impeachment of Donald  Trump. This lawlessness undermined both the whistleblower system and  the independence of the Intelligence Community Inspector General, who  had determined that the complaint ought to be submitted to Congress.  Ms. Haines has been clear--the law requires that when the inspector  general determines that a whistleblower complaint is urgent, the  Director of National Intelligence cannot keep it from the Congress.   She made other commitments to whistleblowers. There are whistleblower  protection laws--including some that have been approved by the Senate  Intelligence Committee--that need to be enacted. There are procedures  already required by law that the outgoing administration just didn't  issue. They just stonewalled.   After all the damage done by the Trump administration with respect to  trampling on the public's right to know and transparency where the  information can be made public to the American people without  compromising sources and methods, I will state that the Biden  administration has a lot of work to do to repair and improve  whistleblower protections. They are going to have a lot on their plate.  The country has massive cyber vulnerabilities that we saw just a couple  of weeks ago. There is more to do in terms of preventing foreign  interference in our elections. We have to ensure that other  surveillance programs provide security without sacrificing our  constitutional rights.   I am going to close by way of saying I don't assume that I will  always agree with the incoming administration. That has been true for  me with Democrats and Republicans on these issues. When we disagree, we  will have a vigorous debate--as vigorous as when I disagreed with the  Trump administration.   Ms. Haines as DNI and Ambassador Burns as CIA Director are beginning  to shape up as a team that will be more open with the public, respect  the law, and work with the Congress to repair the vast damage of the  outgoing administration and respect what Ben Franklin talked about so  many years ago. Liberty and security are not mutually exclusive. Smart  policies get you both. Not-so-smart policies get you less of both. And  that is our challenge.   So tonight, because of her answers to me at the open Intelligence  hearing a couple of days ago, I want to say I am going to be supporting  Ms. Haines' nomination to be Director of National Intelligence.   