 Mr. President and colleagues, Senator Crapo has brought  forward an amendment to the competition bill. It deals with the Biden  administration's announcement that it  [[Page S3408]]  would participate in negotiations on intellectual property and the  coronavirus vaccines.   Unfortunately, my friend's amendment also goes far beyond the current  pandemic and adds roadblocks to any improvements to any other trade  agreements into the future. So I must oppose Senator Crapo's amendment.   I am offering an alternative, which the Senate will also vote on  shortly. The fact is that even though COVID is receding in many  American communities, the virus will still be a danger to Americans as  long as there are outbreaks and mutations around the world.   That is a big reason why the Biden administration is working overtime  to increase vaccine production and distribution as quickly as possible  in our country and around the world. It is also why the administration  announced its intention to participate in negotiations over the vaccine  IP waivers. The U.S. Trade Representative will be in charge of our  participation in those negotiations.   Again, unfortunately, the Crapo amendment would tie up our U.S. Trade  Representative in bureaucratic redtape and reporting for many months  before she could speak to any of our trading partners about the issue.   Ambassador Tai and the Biden administration recognize that the TRIPS  waiver is not going to end the pandemic overnight. However, the  American people and countries around the world cannot afford the delay  that the Crapo amendment would cause.   The Crapo amendment puts the U.S. Trade Representative into what  amounts to a straitjacket, making it hard--if not impossible--to  negotiate fixes or modifications to any trade agreement, for any  reason. It would make the process for modifying an agreement more  difficult than getting into that agreement in the first place. That is  a big roadblock to improvements that could raise standards for workers  and the environment.   I will close by mentioning that I have filed an alternative,  amendment 1975. My amendment guarantees transparency and consultations  throughout the negotiations. It makes clear that the United States must  promote global access to vaccines, all while safeguarding our IP from  hostile foreign powers and protecting American innovation.   So here is the bottom line: It is not only possible, it is absolutely  essential for our system to include strong intellectual property  protections, as well as exceptions to promote the common good at the  same time.   My amendment strikes the right balance. The Crapo amendment just goes  too far in the direction of blocking the administration from using all  available tools to fight the pandemic and to make improvements to any  other trade agreements.   For that reason, I urge Senators to support my amendment, 1975. I  urge my colleagues to oppose my friend's amendment, the Crapo  amendment, and that will be the next vote.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I yield back.    I yield back.   