 Madam President, today we are discussing S. 1, the so- called For the People Act.   Now, this legislation takes a system that is actually working quite  well and applies drastic, draconian, and desperate election reforms  meant to keep Democrats in power.   Now, why do I say the current system is working well? Well, let me  tell you just how easy it is back home in my home county of Johnson  County, IN, to cast one's vote.   You see, beginning 4 weeks before the election, you can vote early in  person, with no excuses, Monday through Friday, for at least 8 hours  per day. The two Saturdays before the election, early voting was open  for 7 hours each day. Monday, the day before the election, early voting  was open for 3\1/2\ additional hours. And then on election day, polls  were open for 12 hours. In total, that is 201\1/2\ hours of voting  across 23 days, over a period of 4 weeks.   In total, you see, we afford Hoosiers plenty of opportunity to vote.   And lest you think that my suburban county is somehow unique in the  State of Indiana, let me disabuse you of that notion. In neighboring  Indianapolis, they had 221 hours of early voting over that same period.   Additionally, Hoosiers have the ability to vote absentee. Now, you  can vote absentee in the State of Indiana by mail for 11 separate  reasons, including being sick or caring for someone who is sick or  working on election day.   Now, colleagues, in the history of our country, voting has never been  easier than it is right now. That is right. You may not see this in the  media, but this is indeed true.   You see, the truth bears it out right in the numbers. Last year, a  larger percentage of the population voted than they had in any election  since 18-year-olds were given the right to vote 50 years ago. A larger  proportion of the population voted than it had since over the last 50  years.   Why aren't we hearing this?   According to the Census Bureau, voter turnout for African Americans  and Hispanic Americans were up 3 and 6 percent, respectively, not down.  Asian Americans saw a huge 10-percent increase. This is fantastic.   Yet my colleagues on the left would have the American people believe  that we are living in an era of extreme suppression or, as President  Biden demagogically, dishonestly, and divisively called it, ``Jim Crow  on steroids.''   So what exactly is the national Democratic response to this record  turnout?   Well, they would like to strip election powers away from the States,  States like Indiana, and give those powers to Democratic overlords here  in Washington, DC. That is how we ended up with S. 1, the For the  People Act.   So for the folks back home, what is this For the People Act really  all about? Why are we having this debate? Why are we going to have this  vote? It is really about four things--four things.   One, national Democrats want to fund their campaigns with your  taxpayer dollars. That is right. Under the For the People Act, a $100  campaign donation to Nancy Pelosi could be matched by $600 from  taxpayers.   I don't know about, you know, my colleagues who are listening, but my  neighbors work very hard for their wages and salaries, and I expect  that is the case for them as well. They don't want $600 to match $100  given to Nancy Pelosi.   Two, national Democrats want to gut popular voter ID laws, like those  in the State of Indiana. I know what Hoosiers believe. Hoosiers believe  you should have to prove who you are in order to vote. Our voter ID  law, incidentally, passed in 2005. It was challenged in the courts, and  it was upheld in the Supreme Court of the United States by a vote of 6  to 3.    But this bill, this For the People Act, says you don't have to prove  who you are. You don't have to prove you are who you say you are in  order to cast your vote. We will just take you at your word. That seems  to me to be ripe for abuse.   No. 3, the third thing this is all about is that national Democrats  want to allow ballot harvesting. It is an awful word, and it is an  awful thing--the harvesting of ballots. In Indiana, a member of your  household can already turn in your absentee ballot. You can do it. But  under this law, anybody can turn in your ballot--or not turn it in--and  there is no limit as to how many ballots a single person can turn in-- hundreds of ballots, thousands of ballots. It is ripe for abuse.   The final thing this is about is that national Democrats want to take  control of the Federal Election Commission. They want to turn it into a  partisan committee.   Now, everyone in this body believes that the right to vote is sacred.  It is a sacred right that all of us have, and we ought to be able to  exercise it unhindered and with fidelity. We are in this Chamber  because each one of our respective constituents exercised their right  to vote. That is how we earned our election certificates, and we all  agree that our constituents need to be able to trust the systems in  place that allowed them to cast their vote.   So we can't take that sacred right and turn it into a partisan  exercise, as S. 1 proposes we do. That, my friends, is why this Senator  will be voting no on S. 1, the so-called For the People Act.   