 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President and colleagues, the Senator's proposal in  effect would be a game-winning touchdown for wealthy tax cheats.   IRS Commissioner Rettig, a Republican appointee, came before the  Finance Committee earlier this year and said the total amount of taxes  evaded each year could be as high as $1 trillion. Cheating by those at  the very top is one of the major causes of that huge tax gap. A big  reason why is that the automatic reporting and strict rules that apply  to the typical, hard-working taxpayer--nurses and firefighters, for  example--they don't always apply to those at the top. That means the  tax cheats are able to hide their cheating in the shadows.   The Senator's proposal would help them keep it that way. This  proposal would make it extraordinarily difficult to collect the  information necessary to crack down on the high-flying tax cheats.   The argument against information reporting is always the same, and it  has been consistently wrong. Despite what opponents say, what President  Biden and Democrats have proposed is focused on rooting out tax  cheating at the top. It wouldn't apply to accounts with deposits and  withdrawals under $10,000. And for most people, that is $10,000 on top  of your paycheck. It is not about anybody's transactions. They wouldn't  be reported, colleagues. It wouldn't create any new surveillance of  digital currency. This information-reporting proposal is about  reporting only two numbers: the total amount going into an account and  the total amount going out of it. Social Security income does not count  either.   So this idea--and I have listened to my friends--that somehow this is  going to end Western civilization just doesn't hold up.   In fact, Commissioner Rettig, a Republican appointee, pointed out  recently that this plan could actually reduce the odds of an audit for  middle-class taxpayers, those folks that I was talking about, the  nurses and the firefighters.   I am going to close with just a couple of other points. Most of my  colleagues know that I am about as strong a privacy hawk as there is in  the Senate. And I don't take a backseat to anybody when it comes to  fighting for Americans' privacy, whether it is taxpayer data,  communications, web traffic--you name it. And, colleagues, all of that  work, all of that private work, is on the public record. It is a matter  of public record. It isn't an atomic secret.   In those debates about privacy, it is also striking that it is most  often Members of the other side attempting to stop reforms, for  example, to government surveillance of phone records and emails and web  browsing--web browsing. But when Democrats are working to crack down on  ultrawealthy tax cheats, that is when, suddenly, we have got  Republicans saying: Oh, my goodness; who is going to be sensitive to  privacy?   I want to repeat, as I have on this floor again and again, I will  talk to anybody on either side of the aisle with any philosophy about  protecting taxpayer data. As the chairman of the  [[Page S6959]]  Senate Finance Committee, which handles privacy policy, I want it  understood that our committee--and I, particularly, given my record on  privacy issues--we take privacy very seriously.   That is not what is on offer by the other side today. The bottom line  is wealthy tax cheats are ripping off the American people to the tune  of billions and billions of dollars per year. Tax cheats thrive when  the reporting rules that apply to them are loose and murky. Democrats  want to fix this broken approach and crack down on cheating at the top.  The Senator's proposal would make that impossible, and it would hand-- colleagues, it would hand, the Senator's proposal--a big fourth-quarter  victory to the tax cheats.   For that reason, I object.   I yield the floor.   