 Madam President, reserving the right to object.    Parliamentary inquiry, Madam President. I am trying to  juggle two things at once.   We are talking about the Social Security UC; is that correct?    Madam President, I reserve my right to object.   As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and as a former director  of the Oregon Gray Panthers, I take a backseat to no one when it comes  to protecting Americans' earned Social Security benefits.   Now, we know Halloween is right around the corner and families are  getting ready for festivities--decorating their houses, picking out  costumes, and watching scary movies. My colleague from Florida seems to  be getting into the spirit of all this by telling the American people  scary stories about vaccines threatening their Social Security  benefits. I don't believe the American people are so easily tricked.  This idea is as fantastical and ridiculous as a vampire living under  your bed.   The fact that Republicans are trying to scare folks for political  gain I think is just very, very disappointing. These bills that are  rooted in political messaging aren't going to help to end this pandemic  or take concrete steps to address actual challenges facing many of our  constituents.   With that, I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, again, this  deals with an area that is in the province of the Senate Finance  Committee. There, I made a special priority of ensuring that Americans  who count on Federal healthcare programs can actually get the care they  need. The notion that Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP coverage could be  subject to vaccination status is just nonsense.   Contrary to Republican views that Federal coverage should be  contingent on filing extensive paperwork, as conservative Governors  have pushed in States from sea to shining sea, Democrats believe  healthcare is a basic human right and should be available to all.   Millions of Americans have received the COVID-19 vaccine through the  Medicare and Medicaid Programs. That ought to be celebrated as a  success rather than scaring people about their earned benefits being  taken away.   These bills--now two of them--are thoroughly about political  messaging and aren't going to help to end this pandemic or do anything  to address challenges facing so many of our constituents.   With that, again, I object.   