 Madam President, I certainly share the good Senator's  views with respect to Mrs. Guzman as well.    Madam President, the Senate will soon take a procedural  vote on the nomination of Katherine C. Tai to serve as the next U.S.  Trade Representative.   For Senators who watched any of Ms. Tai's nomination hearing before  the committee, you will know that Ms. Tai has a whole lot of fans on  both sides of the aisle here in the Senate. So I am just going to take  a few minutes to discuss some of the reasons why I think Ms. Tai is a  terrific choice for this job.   First, she knows that the name of the game when it comes to this  country's trade policy is protecting and creating high-skill, high-wage  jobs. Our country saw, for the past 4 years, that a strategy of sending  mean tweets and acting on chaos does not translate into more good jobs.  Under President Biden, and with Katherine Tai leading USTR, I am  confident we will have a more effective approach   Ms. Tai also has exactly the right experience for the job. She led  crackdowns against China's trade cheating and job rip-offs. As the top  trade staffer on the Ways and Means Committee, she was at the forefront  to improve the new NAFTA when the Trump administration handed to  Congress a deal that just wasn't strong enough for American workers.  She already has a long track record of achieving wins for America's  workers, businesses, farmers, and ranchers.   Second, Ms. Tai has committed to the Finance Committee that she will  work to bring more transparency to trade policy. Bringing more sunlight  to the country's trade agreements ought to be a priority that every  Senator shares. That is why I am glad that President Biden has chosen  somebody with congressional experience for the role of USTR.   The Constitution gives the Congress authority over international  trade. Unfortunately, Congress, over the years, has delegated some of  its power to the executive branch. So what that means is, now, all  sides need to work together as partners, with open channels of  communication, accountability, and transparency. And when I talk about  transparency, I am talking about transparency with the American people.  I know that Ms. Tai will continue to raise the bar for transparency and  communication with Congress because she has been on our side of  policymaking, and she has already proved that that kind of openness and  accountability is a key priority for her.   With a former Senator in the White House and a former House staffer  at USTR, I believe there would be a productive partnership with  Congress so we can get trade done right and make sure that trade policy  creates those high-skill, high-wage jobs that are a priority for every  elected official.   Finally, there is another Finance Committee priority that I will just  mention. On Thursday, the committee will hold a hearing on the subject  of stamping out forced labor around the world. Forced labor is evil, it  is morally repugnant, and it is a direct attack on workers in our  country because, when American workers have to compete against slave  labor, everybody loses. It is truly a race to absolute rock bottom when  it comes to labor rights.   Ms. Tai is committed to President Biden's Build Back Better agenda. A  key part of that agenda is ensuring that our workers are competing on a  level playing field with the rest of the world. It is certainly not a  level playing field when other countries are producing goods with slave  labor.   Our government has laws on the books that can crack down on countries  using slave labor and keep those products out of our market, but it is  going to require an unwavering commitment to tough trade enforcement.  This will continue to be an area of special focus for the Finance  Committee.   Our colleague Senator Brown and I have worked on this issue for a  long, long time. I know Ms. Tai is committed to working with us on it,  and I know that she will work with colleagues on the other side of the  aisle on this and other issues. It is an opportunity to stand up for  what is right around the world and protect American jobs and wages at  the same time.   So Katherine Tai is qualified. She has the right diversity of  experience. She has her priorities right, which is to get more American  workers into the winner's circle of trade policy, and she is going to  do it in a way that promotes openness, accountability, and  transparency.   I believe Ms. Tai is going to have strong bipartisan support here in  the Senate when we vote in just a few minutes. I want Senators on both  sides of the aisle to know that Ms. Tai has consistently, throughout  her time in public service, worked in a bipartisan way with respect to  ensuring that, at a time when modern communications and transportation  have, to some extent, shrunk the world and trade has gotten to be more  and more important, she is going to be on the side of workers. She is  going to be on the side of trade done right. I am with her 100 percent  of the way.   I urge all Senators to support Katherine Tai for this crucial post at  USTR.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I would ask unanimous consent that the  scheduled vote occur immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   