 Mr. President, I want to begin by thanking my colleagues:  Senator Schumer, Senator Wicker, and Senator Cantwell. All showed  exceptional leadership over the course of drafting this legislation and  ensuring that it made it through the process.   I also want to thank members of my team: Lauren O'Brien, my  legislative director; Brandt Anderson, my national security adviser;  Dan Cheever; Nancy Martinez, on my ledge staff. They went above and  beyond.   So this piece of legislation, yes, it, indeed, is related to  countering the threat that the Chinese Communist Party presents to this  country. But it also is a piece of legislation that we are considering  at a time when so many of our citizens feel overlooked, when the  intimate communities that they call home feel hollowed out, when trust  in our civic institutions is eroding, and when allegiance seems  increasingly to our political tribes and not to one another on behalf  of the common good.    So let's not kid ourselves. The Chinese Communist Party aims to  exploit all of these divisions. They aim to exploit the insecurities of  the global age. They aim to ensure that their power and their  capabilities continue to grow. And they are, indeed, locked in a global  competition with the United States of America and with our partners and  allies.   So let's do what we have always done as Americans in times like this.  Let's come together, and let's use this as an opportunity to become a  better version of ourselves.   I will end with this. When generation after generation of immigrants  have come into the New York Harbor, they have seen that beautiful  Statue of Liberty. And at the base of the Statue of Liberty is a  sonnet, and everyone here in this Chamber and so many across America  are familiar with the words of that sonnet: ``Give me your tired, your  poor, your huddled masses . . . ''   There is also a line in there that I particularly love about  ``imprisoned lightning''--``imprisoned lightning.'' I am not sure what  Emma Lazarus meant by the phrase ``imprisoned lightning,'' but to me  that ``imprisoned lightning'' refers to the untapped potential, the  God-given potential of every human being. And this legislation, the  Endless Frontier Act, aims to tap into that ``imprisoned lightning'' of  people across the heartland to ensure that they can stay part of the  economic game in the 21st century and that they help us outcompete,  outinnovate, and outgrow the Chinese Communist Party. We will win. We  are going to get a great vote today, and I thank all of my colleagues  for their intention to support this legislation.   