 Madam Speaker, I am sickened and angered by what we all  had to witness last Wednesday and call for the investigation and  prosecution, to the fullest extent of the law, of every single person  who participated in the violence and loss of life in this Capitol  Building last Wednesday.   I, as a Member sitting here, listening to the entire debate,  desperately need to better understand the two standards that are at  play in this House. Why is it okay if a House Democrat calls for  violence in the streets but not if you are a Republican? Why can a  House Democrat be rewarded with a gavel and a chairmanship if they are  calling for physical confrontation of a Trump administration official,  but they will be punished if they are a Republican?   The double standards that we have seen time and time again, I need to  better understand what the rules are of this House. Why is it that a  committee chairman can lie to the American public about having more  than circumstantial evidence that the President colluded with the  Russians in order to win the 2016 election? But, of course, the  Republicans can't and wouldn't lie to the American public about  something like that.   We need to better understand what these two standards are that are at  play and to complete the record because the House Democrats are here to  make President Trump the first President to be impeached twice. So, I  will complete the record.   First off, in the Article of Impeachment, it is written that the  President gave a speech and told his supporters to come here, and he  incited this riot. One speaker after another after another here on the  other side of the aisle repeated that in the Article of Impeachment.   We all know that this was their preplanned attack. We all know that  there were pipe bombs being discovered while the President was  speaking. We all know that the Capitol perimeter was being breached  during the President's speech.   We know that this was preplanned, and it started while the President  was speaking. Why is that not in the Article of Impeachment? Why is  that not being incorporated into my colleagues' remarks to complete the  record, if you want to make the President the first President to be  impeached twice?   Well, we will add something else to that. Thank you to the President  for his efforts to defeat MS-13 in my district. Thank you to the  President for his efforts to move the Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem  and recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights, to take out  Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and Qasem Soleimani, to eliminate the ISIS  caliphate, to enter into the historic Abraham Accords, to have an  economy this time last year that was stronger than I ever remember in  my entire lifetime.   Yes, we will complete the record, and in all fairness, as the  President leaves 1 week from today, let's be honest about the double  standards that exist inside this Chamber. Let's also be honest that  this President did a lot to make America greater than ever.   