 Mr. President, in a few moments, I intend to put forward a  request for the Senate to take up and approve the nomination of a very  special Oregonian; that is, my friend Chuck Sams, President Biden's  choice to lead the extraordinarily important National Park Service. I  am just going to take a few minutes to talk about Chuck Sams and make  sure the Senate understands why this is the right person for this very  important job.   First of all, I would say to the Senate, we have heard the national  parks described as America's best idea. That is because they form a  network of treasures that no other country can match. But the fact is,  the National Park Service is not only about the views and the photo- ops; the Director of the National Park Service is in charge of an  organization of over 22,000 employees and almost a quarter-million  volunteers. The Park Service generates tens of billions of dollars of  economic activity. The people of my State, Oregonians from one corner  of the State to the other, particularly understand how critical outdoor  treasures are for rural economies and rural jobs.   There are park units in every State in the Nation--urban parks, rural  parks, historic American buildings, ancient archeological sites. And  the personnel at the Park Service--what incredible people. They do it  all, from education to preservation to maintenance, and they are also  now doing more resilience against wildfires.   That is why it is so important we have strong leadership at the  National Park Service, because when you have employees taking on such  diversified challenges and you have the Park Service woven into the  fabric of every State and so many communities, you need somebody at the  top, the leader, to be capable and ready to take on these enormous  challenges. Chuck Sams is that person, there is no question about it.   I want the Senate to know that I have known Chuck Sams for years, and  I have personally seen in action his dedication to communities and to  the outdoors. He has been a longtime Umatilla Tribal leader and a key  member of the Northwest Power and Conservation Council, working with  officials from across our region. He is also a veteran of the U.S.  Navy. I know Chuck Sams to be a role model in the stewardship of  America's lands, our waters, our wildlife, and our history.   The Congress and parkgoers are going to be able to count on him in  the months and years ahead, after he is confirmed, because we know the  Park Service faces some very big challenges. There is, for example, a  multibillion-dollar maintenance backlog. The parks are often very  crowded. They are confronting the effects of the climate crisis,  whether it is wildfire, floods, or droughts. The list goes on and on.  There has been for too long--too long--a workforce culture fraught with  gender discrimination and harassment.   For almost 5 years, the Park Service has been without a Senate- confirmed Director. The reason why I am here is, I would say to the  Presiding Officer and to my colleagues, I am here to make sure that the  Senate doesn't wait another single day after 5 years to confirm a  capable leader, Chuck Sams, as the Director to address these challenges  I have described. He is the right nominee at the right time. I want  Senators to know I base this not on reading a bunch of resumes or bios  about Chuck Sams. I have seen it myself. I have seen Chuck at work in  our State. He is committed. I support him 110 percent.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider the following nomination:  Calendar No. 508,  [[Page S8425]]  Charles F. Sams III, of Oregon, to be Director of the National Park  Service; that the nomination be confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order with respect to this  nomination; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action; and that the Senate then resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I just want to tell the Senate where we are  now and what is ahead.   I have asked unanimous consent to confirm an Oregonian whom I have  watched in action, Chuck Sams, to head the National Park Service, which  has gone leaderless for 5 full years.   Now, my colleague has said, to his credit, that Chuck Sams is very  well qualified, that he is a good man, that he had good discussions  with him. And I would just say to the Senate and my colleague--my  colleague and I have worked together often here in the Senate. I  remember, as chairman of the Finance Committee, we had some issues on  the budget. And we got together, and within 20 minutes we had it worked  out.   So I would just say to my colleague, I am ready from this minute on  to get together with you, to get together with Mr. Sams. We are going  to be here, it sounds like, at least today, and then we will have to  see.   But I just hope we can work this out because I listened to the  Senator very carefully. And I have been to Alaska. I went with your  colleague Senator Murkowski when I was chairman of the Energy  Committee. And I heard my colleague's concerns.   Well, to get those kind of concerns addressed--many of them--you have  got to have a Director; you have got to have somebody you can hold  accountable, somebody you can get on the phone and you can talk to  about issues. Chuck Sams is exactly that kind of person.   So I want my colleague to know we are going to be here the rest of  today and, it sounds like, some of tomorrow, but we will have to see. I  hope that we can get this worked out, and I want to pledge to my  colleague that I will, myself, be willing to work with him on issues he  has with the State, just the way we did on those tax concerns with  respect to the budget. And let's see if we can get this done before we  leave this week because the longer we wait--I mean, just think of the  Park Service here over the holiday. There are going to be a lot of  people--because the Park Service is part of the treasures of America-- who are going to want to enjoy those facilities.   So this has real-world consequences. I look forward to working with  my colleague, and I hope--I hope--we can get this done before we leave,  and I pledge to my colleague that I will work with him to respond to  his concerns not just about this nominee in the context of this nominee  but in the context of the concerns he has for his State.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in a few moments, I will put forward a  request to the Senate to take up and approve the nomination of an  Oregonian, my friend Chuck Sams, President Biden's choice to lead the  National Park Service.   I am just going to take a few minutes to talk about Chuck Sams and  why he is the right person for this critical job.   Colleagues, we all know that the Park Service is often called  America's best idea, and together those parks form a network of  treasures that no other country can match.   The fact is, the National Park Service is not only about the views  and the photo-ops. It is all about our country. It is what makes our  country so special for so many.   The Director of the National Park Service is in charge of an  organization of over 22,000 employees and almost a quarter million  volunteers. The National Park System generates tens of millions of  dollars of economic activity. The people of my State know particularly  how important those critical outdoor treasures are for rural economies  and rural jobs.   The fact also is that there are park units in every State in the  country--urban parts, rural parts, historic American buildings, ancient  archeological sites--and personnel at the Park Service do it all, from  education to preservation, to maintenance, and even resilience against  wildfire.   Chuck Sams has been a longtime Umatilla Tribal leader, and there he  has served in a variety of roles. He is a member of the Northwest Power  and Conservation Council, working with officials from across the  Pacific Northwest. He is a veteran of the U.S. Navy. He is a role  model--a role model--in so many respects, and particularly in the  stewardship of America's lands, waters, wildlife, and history. And the  Congress and the parkgoers are going to rely on him in the months and  years ahead because we all know the Park Service faces big challenges.   I am going to wrap up and make my unanimous consent request, but,  first, I want to commend my colleague from Alaska. My colleague and I  have been working pretty much through the day.   I will be brief. I just want to thank the Senator from Alaska. We  have been working throughout the day to resolve the whole issue of the  Sams nomination.   This is a wonderful person who is going to give public service a  really good name when he is confirmed.   My colleague from Alaska has raised a number of issues that he  considers very important to his State. He and I have worked together on  a variety of these issues, both from the standpoint of the Energy  Committee and most recently as chairman of the Finance Committee, when  we have worked on some tax issues. So I want to thank him for his  cooperation that is going to make it possible for us to advance this  nomination tonight.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 508, Charles F.  Sams III, of Oregon, to be Director of the National Park Service, and  that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening action or  debate.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all without  intervening action or debate; that no further motions be made in order  to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be  printed in the Record; that the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action, and the Senate resume legislative session.   