 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am very proud of where the Senate is  headed today. It has taken well over a year-and-a-half for this bill to  finally come together, to come to fruition. There have been many  committees of jurisdiction that actively participated in this process,  Members who have accommodated other Members, and I am proud of the work  product that we have been developing here.   I especially want to thank, as we head toward what I hope is final  passage later on this evening, my legislative director, Lauren O'Brien;  my national security adviser, Brandt Anderson; Dan Cheever, who worked  on Commerce Committee, all manner of work for me. They have worked  tirelessly with Senator Schumer's staff and my colleagues on the  Republican side to ensure that this day came about, and we got a  positive outcome.   Let me say a bit about this legislation. We Americans have always  looked toward the frontier and forward to new horizons. Our ancestors  chased them across a continent and to the sea. When the wilderness was  no more, they followed them elsewhere--in workshops and laboratories  and factories and on farms, in the air and beyond.   Our spirit is restless. We prefer the difficult as Americans. We have  never accepted limits or impossibilities in life. No, instead, we  sought to cure disease to lift the human condition, to better  understand the world around us, to constantly go faster and further in  these and other endeavors. And we do these things always aware that the  new knowledge that they bring will benefit mankind and make our Union  stronger.   But this spirit is not entirely ours alone. You see, there are others  out there who also harbor bold ambitions, but they don't share our  democratic  [[Page S3841]]  values. Just days ago, Communist China orbited, landed, and deployed a  rover on the surface of Mars. No other nation has done this. No other  nation has done this. It was their first voyage to the red planet. It  is only part of the Chinese Communist Party's ambitious space program.  And it is another direct challenge to the United States of America.   Now, this momentous event happens at a time when so many of our  citizens feel overlooked, when the communities they call home are  hollowing out, when trust in our civic institutions is eroding, and  when our allegiance seems increasingly to our political tribes and not  to one another as citizens for the common good.   Let's not kid ourselves. The Chinese Communist Party plans to exploit  our difficulties and divisions. Their power and their capabilities are  growing. They are, indeed, locked in a global competition with this  great Nation, and they intend to win it. They intend to win it.   They think of those of us in this Chamber as powerless to stop them  and unable to prioritize our Nation's long-term goals over our party's  short-term gains.   So I ask you this: When future generations of Americans cast their  gaze toward new frontiers, will they see a red flag planted on those  new frontiers that is not our own?   Today, we answer, unequivocally, no. Today, we declare our intention  to win this century and those that follow it as well. Today, we  demonstrate our faith in the American people to lead the way and vote  to give them the tools to do so.   This bill, this moment, is really not about beating China. It is  really not about beating China. You see, the Endless Frontier Act is  about using their challenge to become a better version of ourselves. It  is about helping more Americans get more skin in the game, deploying  their talents and untapped potential. It is about supercharging our  economy as we emerge from this global pandemic which descended upon us  from Communist China. It is about spreading the benefits of this  economy far and wide and preparing and allowing more people, regardless  of their circumstances or their place of birth, to meaningfully  participate in the 21st century.   It is about unleashing what Emma Lazarus called the imprisoned  lightning across this land and aiding so many Americans in their  pursuit of our common happiness.   You see this is how we unite our Nation and tilt the balance of a  great power struggle westward. This is how we become the first to reach  the next great horizon.   Let history record that at this moment we stood united. We declared  with solemn purpose and single voice that this is our destination; that  by confronting the challenges of today, we built a brighter tomorrow;  and that a new generation of doers and dreamers pressed America on,  once again, toward the endless frontier.   I yield the floor.   