 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this Saturday, the International Criminal  Police Organization, better known as INTERPOL, will begin its annual  General Assembly in Istanbul.   INTERPOL is a vital global law enforcement network that helps police  from different countries cooperate with each other to control crime.  Unfortunately, it has also become a tool in the hands of despots and  crooks who seek to punish dissidents and political opponents in an  effort to turn other countries' law enforcement against the rule of  law.   Rooting out this sort of abuse should be the top priority going into  the INTERPOL General Assembly. These abuses make a mockery of INTERPOL  and are threatening its continued existence.   INTERPOL's Constitution cites the universal declaration of human  rights as the basis for police cooperation. Importantly and  significantly, Article 3 of that declaration forbids INTERPOL from  engaging in any ``activities of a political, military, religious or  racial character.''  [[Page S8322]]    All 194 member nations have committed to uphold Article 3 and the  entire INTERPOL Constitution. So it is troubling--as a matter of fact,  it is even worse than troubling; it is egregious--that INTERPOL chose  to host this year's General Assembly in Turkey, a country that has  become one of the worst abusers of INTERPOL's Red Notice and Blue  Notice systems.   Turkey has repeatedly weaponized INTERPOL to persecute and arrest  government critics on politically motivated charges. Journalist Can  Dundar is a prime example. Mr. Dundar is one of Turkey's most prominent  media personalities and has received international awards for defending  freedom of the press.   In 2018, Turkey demanded that INTERPOL issue a Red Notice for Mr.  Dundar's arrest. What had he done? He simply criticized his government.  He had reported on the Turkish Government supplying arms to an Islamist  group in Syria. He was charged by a Turkish court with espionage and  aiding a terrorist group--the group was never named--and sentenced to  27\1/2\ years in prison in absentia.   Thankfully, Germany has refused to extradite Mr. Dundar, but this is  the sort of thing we see from this year's host of the conference.   In June of this year, Turkish media reported that INTERPOL had  rejected nearly 800 Red Notices sent by the Turkish Government.   A Swedish human rights group reported that in 2016, after the failed  coup in Turkey, the Turkish Government filed tens of thousands of  INTERPOL notifications targeting persons who were merely critics and  political opponents of the government. Some of these people were  stranded in international airports, detained and handed over to Turkey,  where they ended up in prison.   There are also alarming signs that Turkey is trying to leverage this  year's General Assembly to further its own authoritarian goals. This  past June, Turkish Deputy Foreign Minister Yavuz Selim Kiran openly  asserted that the General Assembly in Istanbul ``will be an important  opportunity . . . [to] explain in detail . . . our rightful position  regarding our fight against terrorist organizations and our rejected  Red Notices.''   Translation: Turkey plans to use this high-level event to mislead and  lie to the international community. They will no doubt try to explain  why President Erdogan should be able to hunt--hunt--down his critics in  foreign countries, using foreign law enforcement through INTERPOL. This  will be a travesty--one that indeed threatens the legitimacy and future  viability of INTERPOL.   Of course, Turkey is not the only offender we could talk about.  Russia, China, and Venezuela have routinely misused INTERPOL to oppress  their critics. The case of Bill Browder, a fierce critic of the Putin  regime and advocate for the Magnitsky Act, is probably the most well- known example of such abuse. Vladimir Putin has issued no fewer than  eight INTERPOL diffusions seeking to have Bill Browder extradited--none  of which, thankfully, have been obeyed.   These abuses should not be allowed to go on. INTERPOL needs  protection on behalf of countries that actually believe in human  rights, that believe in open dissent and the rule of law. Providing  that protection is why I have introduced the Transnational Repression  Accountability and Prevention Act, or TRAP Act. This is a bipartisan  effort, with four Republican cosponsors and four Democratic cosponsors.  This bipartisan legislation would fortify U.S. systems against INTERPOL  abuse and would require that we use our influence to push forward due  process and transparency reforms at INTERPOL. American law enforcement  should never be doing the work of foreign crooks and dictators.   I hope that I can count on my colleagues in this Chamber to support  this much needed legislation, and I invite my colleagues to be added to  the cosponsor list.   