 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks before any rollcall votes.    Mr. President, this week is Indy 500 Week in the State of  Indiana. For these 7 days, Hoosiers will be swept up in the pageantry  and the tradition of the Greatest Spectacle in Racing. Every minute  this week is leading toward the moment when the white flag comes out,  signifying the final lap, when the drivers make one last push toward  the finish line.   I couldn't help but think about this annual tradition as we enter the  home stretch on the Endless Frontier Act in the coming days. The  legislation has evolved and improved and grown over the last few  months. We now know it as the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act, but  as we head into this week, I thought it important to reset and refocus  on why we began this journey in the first place.   For me, it began back in 2019, in the gym of all places, where one  morning, Senator Schumer and I began talking about the need to go on  offense against the Chinese Communist Party. Since the Cold War,  Beijing has aimed to overtake America, not with weapons but through  innovation, through economic growth. Through Made in China 2025,  Beijing set out with a deliberate plan to dominate the world through  strategic investments and emerging technologies, all of which have the  potential to fundamentally change this century's economic and security  environment for good or for ill.   Until now, we have primarily focused on defensive countermeasures to  thwart aggression by the Chinese Communist Party: blocking Huawei,  imposing export controls, and improving foreign investment rules. Look,  these priorities are really important, and they must remain part of the  mix, but if  [[Page S3407]]  America is to lead the world in the 21st century, it is neither  realistic nor practical to build an economic iron curtain around China.  You see, just as we did in the 20th century, we must not simply contain  our leading global competitor but, instead, outinnovate and outgrow it.  We must go on offense.   The Endless Frontier Act was and is our effort to do just that, to  make the kinds of research and science investments we haven't made for  decades. We are creating a new Technology Directorate at the National  Science Foundation and creating regional tech hubs to ensure we are  leveraging the talents and abilities of Americans across the country,  with the corresponding economic benefits reaching those in the heart of  our country, not just those on the coasts.   This legislation will be a boost to our economy, but make no  mistake--it is not just about the economy. This is about deciding which  standards, which values are going to animate these new technologies in  the future: the values we see cracking down on protesters in the  streets of Hong Kong? the values that enslave millions of Uighurs in  Xinjiang? our American values, which recognize that all men are created  equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights?   America is watching, and the free world is watching. All who are  watching should be encouraged. You see, this body has largely embraced  this objective. We have continued to go through the regular Senate  order--an increasingly rare accomplishment in this body--of allowing  each Member to offer amendments to improve this legislation. In fact,  it was marked up in the Senate Commerce Committee and approved by a  vote of 24 to 4. Last week, it came to the Senate floor, and we  considered more amendments. This week, we will consider even more  amendments.   As is typically the case in regular order, nobody gets everything he  wants, including the bill's authors. As one example, through the markup  process, less investment than I had originally proposed will now be  provided to the NSF Tech Directorate, but that is OK. It is OK because  this change and others are ones I can live with so that we can come  together and prove that our system works while advancing a once-in-a- generation investment in science and technology.   We must send a message to the authoritarians in Beijing. They say we  are too divided to lead the world in the 21st century. It is time to  come together and prove them wrong.   As we Hoosiers say at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, the white flag  is out. This is the final lap for this bill in the U.S. Senate. I look  forward to seeing this open process through to the finish line so that,  together, we can outcompete, outinnovate, and outgrow the Chinese  Communist Party.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   