 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, first of all, I want to say about my two  colleagues, I have very much enjoyed talking healthcare with the  Senator from Indiana, the lead sponsor of this. We have had a lot of  very productive discussions about the role of healthcare in America.   I strongly support the proposition that the Federal Government  doesn't know all the answers here. Sometimes my friends say I am the  Senator from innovation because I am always trying to promote  innovation. That is what section 1332 is all about.  [[Page S4967]]    My other colleague from Indiana is a very valued member of the  Finance Committee. So I want it understood that I think Indiana  Senators, they are 100 percent straight shooters who I enjoy talking  healthcare with.   Let me say, respectfully, why I have a difference of opinion with  respect to this issue.   My sense is that what my colleagues from Indiana want to do is based  on a premise that comes from the Trump administration, which I think is  flawed. The premise is that those on Medicaid really don't work and  don't want to work.   Having run the legal aid program for the elderly before I came to the  Senate and was codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers--and, again, it  is a good discussion. People have differences of opinion. I think those  on Medicaid overwhelmingly--overwhelmingly would like to be able to  work and do work, and that is what the difference of opinion is here.   As I understand it, Senator Braun wants States to have the authority  to condition access to Medicaid on work. Now, his colleague from  Indiana noted some exceptions and the like, which sounds like it is of  some value, but the basic proposition is conditioning access to  Medicaid on work.   It has been my experience--and I have made a practice of it over the  years, having been in public life, to go back and talk to people on  Medicaid. I think overwhelmingly they want to and do work.   It seems to me, as we emerge from the economic effects of the COVID  crisis--and my colleague and I are going to work, for example, on  unemployment insurance, where I hope, again, to bring flexibility to  the States. For example, my colleague on the Finance Committee knows  that we certainly had a lot of serious technology issues with respect  to the unemployment insurance programs of the States. So one of the  areas I will propose, as we continue our work this year, is that the 53  systems should have a uniform baseline. And I think we are going to  have good support, Democrats and Republicans, on it. The key feature  will be, of course, giving States the flexibility to innovate,  consistent with having a uniform baseline.   So I want my colleagues, both of them, to understand--Senator Braun,  who I have had some good conversations with, with respect to  healthcare; and Senator Young, who is on the Finance Committee--I very  much look forward to working with both of them on these healthcare  issues.   For the reasons that I am describing today, I am objecting at this  time. But I think there are a lot of areas where both parties can come  together with respect to healthcare. For these reasons, I object.   