 Madam President, I am told that the distinguished Senator  from Georgia may have some followup unanimous consent. OK. If not, I am  happy to proceed.   I rise today pointing out an injustice done by the authorities  running the Tokyo Olympics. This morning, Americans learned the news  that Sam Kendricks, an American double world champion pole vaulter from  Oxford, MS, has been shut out from competing at the Tokyo Olympics  after a positive COVID-19 test today--almost certainly a false positive  COVID-19 test. This is an injustice that can still be rectified if the  Olympic Committee will be fair.   For those of you who don't know Sam, he is an alum of the University  of Mississippi, Ole Miss, where he took back-to-back NCAA championships  before launching his professional career. He won the U.S. Olympic  trials in 2016 and went on to the Rio Olympics, where he took home the  bronze medal.   Then again, you probably do remember Sam Kendricks. He is the pole  vaulter who stopped mid-run in the 2016 Olympics to stand and salute  for his national anthem. That is Sam Kendricks, Olympic champion from  the State of Mississippi. He has made his school, his State, and his  Nation very proud, and by all accounts he was expected to be a  contender for the gold medal this year.   But after testing negative for the COVID virus three times, Sam  received a positive test result earlier today. The timeframe is  different in Tokyo, but it was on Thursday. And under International  Olympic Committee rules, he was immediately disqualified from  competition, even though he had previously tested negative three times  and even though he has already had the coronavirus. And even after a  followup test, administered according to U.S. Olympic standards, came  up negative, the rules are that you have to wait 6 days.   Well, guess what, his competition is Friday, and adherence to high- bound rules like that will bar him from the Olympics. There is no  consideration for the fact that his test--one of thousands of tests  administered daily--may very well have been a fluke.   As Sam told the world, he is not sick, he is not displaying symptoms,  and he has already had COVID-19 and should be immune. And, again, he  tested, according to U.S.A. track-and-field team tests, immediately  after getting this false positive.   Obviously, the fair thing for the Olympic Committee to do would be to  follow up immediately on another test to verify whether all these  negatives were correct and, undoubtedly, they were. But the powers that  be won't allow Sam Kendricks to get an official followup. No, according  to protocols, he must wait 6 days. Then he can have a followup test,  which no doubt would show that he doesn't have the coronavirus   What is magic about 6 days? What about the young athlete? What about  fundamental fairness? As Sam Kendricks' father said: These athletes  traveled too far, worked for too many years, made too many sacrifices  not to confirm a positive test--a very inexpensive thing to do.   I agree with Mr. Kendricks. These athletes should be given a  confirming test--one test to minimize the chances of a false positive.  But that is not the way the Olympic authorities in Japan see it.   My question is this: What is the health risk of a followup test? How  could it possibly hurt anyone or anything to make sure you have got it  right when you tell a young American that he can't compete for his  Nation in the Olympics?   So I say I am not just disappointed, I am outraged, outraged that a  young athlete is unfairly missing out on his chance to show his talent  to the world and win a gold medal on behalf of his country, and aghast  that a proud global tradition like the Olympics, a celebration of  sport, competition, and international cooperation, has been reduced to  testing protocols and rigid rules that are fundamentally unfair-- inflexible rules that assume there is no such thing as a false positive   I send my best wishes and congratulations to Sam Kendricks and his  family for the good grace they have displayed in the face of this  unfair and pointless disqualification.   And allow me to state emphatically that I am not willing to be so  gracious.   If this action stands--and I hope it will not stand--this high-bound  decision by the decisionmakers at Tokyo should make them ashamed of  themselves. It is not too late, even today. It is Friday morning in  Tokyo. Even today, the Olympic committee can use common sense and  fairness. It is Friday morning in Tokyo. When the Sun comes up, give  Sam Kendricks a confirming test and allow this young man to represent  his country.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S5165]]    