 Madam Speaker, our Nation should be in the midst of a  booming economic recovery.   Unfortunately, what we see is the exact opposite.   Throughout my time in Congress, I have consistently warned against  wasteful government spending, and the real harm that it would cause not  only to our economy, but to the everyday lives of Americans.   And this was even before President Biden began pushing through this  reckless government spending agenda that will raise taxes on American  families, destroy jobs, and saddle future generations with a massive  debt.   It has also created another crisis: inflation--something House  Republicans warned would occur as a result of the President's massive  increase in government spending and mismanagement of the economy.  Inflation is a tax on all Americans, and it has increased every month  since President Biden took office.   The Consumer Price Index increased 5.4 percent from a year ago. This  is the largest jump since just before the 2008 financial crisis.   Business owners are worried. Nearly half of America's small  businesses have no choice but to raise their prices because the cost to  do business is skyrocketing. And that means consumers end up paying  more.   The Biden administration has attempted to downplay the harmful  effects of inflation, claiming it will resolve itself in the next few  months, but top economists project that inflation is here to stay.   Worse yet, now our Democratic colleagues are attempting to push  through a partisan $3.5 trillion package that is nothing more than a  reckless tax-and-spending spree, which will indeed stick more families  with higher taxes and lower wages.   Madam Speaker, make no mistake about it, these are not just numbers.  Americans across the country are spending more money on everyday goods  and services.   Now more than ever it is critical that we are supporting our workers  and families and making sure they succeed. We should be focused on  supporting policies that create more jobs, spur growth and innovation,  and put more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans.   The President's and our Democratic colleagues' plans are doing the  opposite.   