 Madam President, when I served in the House of  Representatives, I walked into a lot of meetings back in Indiana full  of angry conservatives.   Do you know what they were angry about?   They were angry about the debt limit in 2011, 2013, 2014, and more.   And in each of those meetings, I made the argument that raising the  debt limit was a necessary thing to do, a responsible thing to do, a  conservative thing to do. I still believe that.   Defaulting on our Nation's debt will start a dangerous spiral of  economic turmoil that will rebound to the disadvantage of the least  among us. Interest rates would rise, the value of the dollar would  fall, essential government workers might not get paid, and so on and so  forth.   Now, back in those days, as a Republican in the House majority, we  never failed to raise the debt limit--not once. And we also never  failed to have a say in the spending that necessitated raising the debt  limit. In 2019, we again raised the debt limit, this time through July  13 of this year.   Now it is Democrats. It is my Democrat friends who control the  majority in both Chambers of Congress. And with that control, the hard- left has embarked on an unprecedented, reckless spending spree designed  to remake America in their image in fairly short order--before year's  end--$1.9 trillion in March; a $4.2 trillion budget authored by Senator  Bernie Sanders; and now $3.5 trillion on a partisan, human  infrastructure grab bag, the largest spending bill in American history.   And so I say to my Democratic friends: You have decided to do all of  that on your own, and now you want our help. It is unclear to me why  you need it. You have done so much on your own. You have a number of  options at your disposal to raise the debt limit all by yourself, just  as you have gone it alone on this spending spree.   A farmer back home, over the August recess, came up to me as I was  traveling the highways and byways of the Hoosier State. And I would  like to think that the people I represent are blessed with a whole lot  of common sense, which, for whatever reason, oftentimes doesn't  permeate this town. And the farmer told me that it seems like in this  instance the butcher wants to build a new slaughterhouse, and he is  asking the cows to co-sign on the construction loan.   It is a pretty good metaphor for what the Democrats are asking of the  Republican Members.   If Democrats had treated Republicans as a governing partner in an  equally divided U.S. Senate these past 9 months, I might feel  differently about this debt limit vote. Instead, they have treated us  as an annoyance, an obstacle--adverse to every common interest we might  have.   Now, I know we can count on my Democratic friends to ensure that  America never defaults on its debt. I know we can count on every single  Democratic U.S. Senator to vote to raise that debt ceiling, to own all  of this spending they--and they alone--are responsible for.   I sure hope we can count on them to vote on a specific dollar figure  in conjunction with the reconciliation bill. I know there has been  apprehension made public by the budget chairman over in the House of  Representatives. I suspect that is shared by many of my colleagues. But  show some courage. Do what Republicans have done. Do what I have done.  Walk the plank. Own this spending that you are responsible for.   I will let you know, a vote by Republicans to raise the debt limit at  this point in time is a vote to co-sign the Democrats' partisan,  irresponsible, and unprecedented spending spree, and we are going to  have none of it.   I yield the floor.   