 Mr. President, the Senate is now debating the motion to  discharge from the Finance Committee the nomination of California  Attorney  [[Page S1480]]  General Xavier Becerra to head the Department of Health and Human  Services.   As chairman of the Finance Committee, I am going to begin with a  simple message: Holding up the nomination of Attorney General Becerra  has been blocking urgent anti-virus work that needs to get done now. So  it is time for the Senate to act quickly, without politics getting in  the way, to confirm this nominee.   I also believe moving quickly on this nomination will help to achieve  something I heard a lot of Senators talk about over the last few days.   A few days ago, I spent almost 24 hours here at this desk while the  Senate was debating a number of different issues. Over the course of  that debate and in the weeks before it, many Senators talked about how  important it was to get past some of the longstanding disagreements and  find unity.   I will say to my colleagues: There could not be a more unifying  prospect for America than ending this public health nightmare as  quickly as possible, preventing as many COVID-19 deaths as possible,  and helping the American people get back to the activities that they  enjoy, that they consider part of their normal daily routine.   Having a confirmed Secretary leading the Department of Health and  Human Services is a linchpin for accomplishing that task. The  Department is right at the effort, at the forefront, to end this  contagion. It is leading the distribution of vaccines. It is working to  get PPE into the hands of nurses and doctors who still--still-- desperately need more of it. It is getting new resources to rural  hospitals to keep them afloat and to keep their doors open to patients  who literally had nowhere else to go during this crisis.   Health and Human Services is right in the center of the government- wide COVID response. They coordinate work at the Centers for Medicare  and Medicaid Services, with the Centers for Disease Control, with the  National Institutes of Health, with the National Guard, with all 50  States, with the District of Columbia, with private healthcare systems  and doctors across the country and more individuals and organizations  that are just too numerous to name. Now, that is what the job is all  about and why it is so critical right now.    I want to turn to some of what I have heard discussed with respect to  Attorney General Becerra. I have heard some say that, well, he doesn't  have the right leadership experience. That is a comment being made  about the head of America's second largest department of justice. This  nominee is in charge of a billion-dollar budget. This nominee is in  charge of more than 4,000 employees as the top law enforcement official  in what would be the fifth largest economy in the world. This is the  work of somebody who really knows how to run a mammoth government  agency.   Then there have been suggestions about his healthcare background.  This is one that, to me, is just bizarre, given the track record. He  spent years and years on the House Ways and Means Committee, which is  one of the key committees in the country with respect to jurisdiction  over healthcare policy. He wrote and debated major pieces of healthcare  legislation, including playing an important role in the development of  the Affordable Care Act. As California's attorney general, he defended  the Affordable Care Act in court. When the pandemic hit, he stepped up  and fought to protect the health and well-being of millions of  Californians, particularly nurses and doctors and other workers who  found themselves in harm's way.   When one is in the Senate, you understand that Members of the  opposing party are going to have disagreements on policy issues. That  goes with the turf. Women's healthcare was obviously one of those  issues that came up during the nomination hearing.   I will tell you that Attorney General Becerra's response is what we  ought to expect of responsible public officials and of nominees. He  made it clear to members of the Finance Committee. He said again and  again and again that he will follow the law. He will be accessible to  all Senators. He is going to work to find common ground on key  healthcare issues.   I can tell you, having specialized in healthcare since my days with  the Oregon Gray Panthers, that is heavy lifting. By the way, I think it  is pretty refreshing after 4 years of just blather about repeal-and- replace and empty rhetoric and promises on pharmaceutical price-gouging  and partisan policies that favor insurance companies over the typical  American consumers.   In my view, Attorney General Becerra proved in his nomination hearing  that he knows healthcare policy inside and out and that he is ready to  lead the Department of Health and Human Services. I don't think anybody  ought to be particularly surprised because he has a decades-long track  record in healthcare leadership and policy experience that is going to  help him succeed in the job.   We all understand the country's healthcare system is still under  extraordinary pressure and strain. On Saturday, the Senate passed one  of the largest public health packages in our country's history,  designed to crush this pandemic. So we are starting to see some light.  We are starting to see the end of the tunnel. The Biden administration  is doing everything it can to acquire more vaccines, to get more shots  into arms. I think we all understand it is not a task completed yet.   I will just close by way of saying that when our country faces a  healthcare crisis, it needs a Secretary of Health and Human Services  confirmed and on the job as soon as possible. It doesn't need more  political games and delay that only sets back our effort to end the  pandemic.   So we will be voting, I believe, in less than an hour, and I just  want to say that I hope colleagues will support this nomination  discharged from the Finance Committee. I have known the attorney  general for a number of years. As I say, this is the area that I have  specialized in over the years. And I know that Senators have  differences of opinion with respect to healthcare. I get that. But  those differences of opinion shouldn't stand in the way of a qualified  public official who has managed thousands of people in his current job,  for example, from having the opportunity to do what has to be done for  this country, and that is to get a confirmed nominee for a critical  position so that he can attack those challenges that are in front of us  right now and help patients and speed up the efforts to end the  pandemic.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, on Monday, the Senate will vote on the  nomination of Congresswoman Deb Haaland to serve as Secretary of the  Interior. I have had a chance to vote on a number of nominations over  the years. I want to tell the Senate that, on Monday, the Senate can  make history.   The Congresswoman--and she faced some strong questioning in the  committee--understands that protecting public lands and boosting rural  communities and jobs are two sides of the same coin. Too often, in the  debates in Washington, DC, they really involve something resembling  false choices. You can either be for jobs or you can be for protecting  your treasures. The Congresswoman understands that those two are not  mutually exclusive and that, in the West, particularly when you look at  our exciting recreation economic engine, this is a chance to really  generate more jobs, protect treasures, and enhance our quality of life.   Now, I recognize that there have been powerful interest groups that  try, for example, to protect the interests of big oil companies at  taxpayer expense, at the expense of clean air and clean water, and, as  I say, at the expense of everybody who wants to get outside. I know  that part of the debate is propping up a dirty environmental policy and  declining industry that, mostly, adds to the current climate crisis.   In the long run, what we need to do is find fresh ways to bring  Americans together around areas, particularly for rural communities,  that are going to bridge the urban-rural divide, reduce  [[Page S1485]]  inequality in America, and be a long-term solution for rural economies.  The Congresswoman, our nominee on Monday, knows that there is a better  way to protect and create rural jobs, and I will give you just one  example.   Congressman Neguse and I have introduced a major piece of legislation  to create the 21st Century Civilian Conservation Corps. Our legislation  would create thousands of jobs in rural America, and these workers  would help to preserve public lands and prevent the kind of massive  wildfires America has seen in recent years.   What I can say to colleagues is that a major effort like this will  create scores and scores of jobs for local businesses and local  vendors. Certainly, we are talking about the local hardware store,  chainsaw outlets, and those who sell logging equipment. There are going  to be lots of opportunities for private sector employment stemming from  the arrival of the 21st Century Civilian Conservation Corps. We will  also have a lot more opportunity for outdoor recreation, boosting  tourism revenues, and fewer communities reduced to ash by wildfire--a  win all around.   Now, the Congresswoman also talked to us about another priority for  rural America, and that is helping Native American Tribes across the  country build and repair drinking water infrastructure and that she  would make it a priority to help Tribes where there is a lack of  drinking water, threatening the health of those Tribal members. This is  especially a problem in Oregon, wherein the Warm Springs Tribe has  burst pipes and regular ``boil water'' notices, but I will tell you  that Warm Springs is not alone in this country, and the Congresswoman  understands. She said: Water is a basic human right.   The next point that I want to touch on with respect to this  exceptional Member of Congress is that she really has a track record of  bringing parties together with differing views. Now, I know some  Members of the Senate have gone to great lengths to say: Oh, she is  some kind of far-out radical.   Colleagues, that just doesn't pass the smell test. She has been a  leader in generating bipartisan support for efforts in the House. She  has one of the most conservative Members of the House singing her  praises in coming before the committee, and I went several times just  because I wanted to hear the Congresswoman address this crucial issue  of how important rural jobs are, how rural jobs and protecting the  environment are not mutually exclusive, and how you can bring people  together. On each of these points, she conveyed the kinds of views that  make her an ideal choice for serving as the Secretary of the Interior.   I was also interested in her thoughts on a major piece of legislation  for rural Eastern Oregon. It is the Malheur County Owyhee legislation,  which seeks to resolve differences in this extraordinary part of my  State, the Owyhees--differences that have literally gone on for  decades. We brought together ranchers and Tribes and environmental  folks, and we said: Here again, what we can do is create rural  employment. We can protect the ag economy and the farmer's way of life.  We can also create great opportunities for recreation in that part of  the State. The Congresswoman got it in a second. She said that is  exactly what we need to do--build models that bring farmers and  ranchers together with environmental folks and scientists who  understand the nature of some of these challenges from a scientific and  climate standpoint.   I will tell you that I have gone to more than my share of nomination  hearings, but what I saw was a nominee with exceptional backbone and  decency, who was being clear, being straightforward. At times, it was a  little hard to take because the questioning, I thought, was not just  strong but over the line. At the same time, the Congresswoman showed  her calm, her knowledge, and her perseverance in the face of this.   I am just going to close with this.   Colleagues, I have tried to kind of make my calling card a public  service of bringing people together, finding fresh ideas, and the very  kinds of approaches that the Congresswoman talked about during two, I  felt, very draining kinds of sessions. My view is that it is critical  for the Senate to be able to recognize there are going to be  disagreements. The Senate is made up of a lot of people with very  strong views, and what I believe we ought to insist on of all  candidates is a level of decency and respect for all concerned. The  Congresswoman showed that in the face of some very strong questioning.   When I was done, I said: Not only am I going to support you because  of your views on rural jobs and your recognizing that protecting jobs  and the environment are not mutually exclusive--that we can do both-- but because of your track record of bipartisanship, featuring  Congressman Young's coming here.   Also, I come to the floor of the U.S. Senate to say that I was there  for both sessions, and I saw an elected official, a Congresswoman,  handle a lot of very tough, strong questions, and at every level, she  tried to stick to the facts. She tried to make the case for what she  thought was a great opportunity, especially in the West, but that she  would be in all of the communities that the Department of the Interior  is responsible for and that everyone would get a fair shake. Every  Democrat and every Republican would get a fair shake.   That is the kind of fundamental decency we want in a nominee.   And I will close with this: It sure stands in sharp contrast to what  we saw over the last 4 years, two Secretaries, essentially, infamous  rather than famous, who too often were willing to set aside the science  and support the powerful and those who were going to walk away making  quick dollars at the expense of the environment.   People of this country now have a chance, almost like you take a  dilapidated stage out of an auditorium, and now we have got a chance to  start anew. We have got a nominee who is qualified. She is fair. She is  going to concentrate on bringing people together, and she is going to  make history.   It is long, long, long past time, colleagues, that this country had a  Native American leading the Interior Department.   So I pledge after that second hearing, I am going to come back on the  floor and not just vote for her but speak for her because her decency,  her thoughtfulness--I see my friend from New Mexico here--that sense of  caring and that fairness in the face of some very, very aggressive  questioning makes me feel that this is a very special sort of leader.   Congresswoman Haaland has my full, unqualified support, and  westerners are looking forward very much to working with her, get her  to Oregon, and see what our challenges are.   I urge all Members of the Senate on Monday to support the historic  nomination of Congresswoman Haaland to head the Interior Department.   I yield the floor.   