 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President and colleagues, very shortly, the Senate  will have the opportunity to confirm Attorney General Becerra to be the  next Health and Human Services Secretary, and what this means is, after  4 years of going in reverse on health policy, it will be possible to  drive and actually make progress for the American people in addressing  their healthcare needs--progress in terms of lowering the cost of  healthcare. We spent $3.8 trillion last year. So we have to lower  costs, and we have to do it in a way that enhances quality, and  Attorney General Becerra is going to be laser-focused on the key  priorities for the days ahead. We all know that at the heart of that  agenda is making it possible to end this pandemic.   Now, central to his agenda is going to be the distribution of  vaccines because there are a lot of pieces to the challenge of beating  the pandemic, but right at the heart of it is distribution of those  vaccines and PPE and bringing together all the people at Health and  Human Services and in our country to have a coordinated strategy for  dealing with the pandemic.   We didn't have that in the past. I remember--and I am sure the  Presiding Officer remembers--at one point, we didn't have any idea who  was in charge. One day it was going to be the States. The next day it  was going to be Jared Kushner. There was just bedlam for weeks and  weeks with respect to who would even coordinate this country's strategy  against the pandemic. With Xavier Becerra there, that will not be the  case.   I just want--because I see colleagues also wanting to speak--to talk  about another crucial aspect about having Xavier Becerra at the  Department of Health and Human Services. What he is going to have to do  is move quickly to reverse some of those flawed policies of the Trump  administration, like junk insurance, barely worth the paper it was  written on, the mindless restrictions that were placed on coverage. For  example, that made it harder for people to get access to Medicaid. And  some of what they did just defied common sense, making it tougher for  people to enroll in the Affordable Care Act, and having modest efforts  in New Jersey and Michigan and elsewhere to do outreach and to tell  people about the availability of coverage.   What in the world is healthcare about? It is about getting coverage  out to people, not inventing barriers to their getting care.   Finally, I just want to mention some of the exciting things from the  recovery legislation that he will be able to focus on. I am sure my  colleague from Michigan is going to be talking about these issues, as  well, in the days ahead. But what is going to be done in terms of  delivering postpartum care, an area where there has been enormous  racial injustice, is going to make a huge difference--a major part of  the recovery plan--the home and community-based services, which build  on some of the work being done in the community. I remember from my  days when I was director of the Gray Panthers, helping seniors and the  disabled. And we are so excited about mental health officials and law  enforcement officials coming together for what is known as the CAHOOTS  Program from my home State, dealing with the racial tensions on the  streets.   So Xavier Becerra has been running this mammoth agency in his State.  You know, people say: What is his experience? He was on the Ways and  Means Committee for years and years, the committee of jurisdiction as  it relates to these issues, and then has been in California taking on  monopolies, fighting those who would rip off the healthcare system,  sticking up for the Affordable Care Act. So he has had frontline  experience on these issues.   He should have been confirmed a long time ago, but now we are on the  precipice of finally getting somebody who is going to take us forward  in that key Agency in terms of meeting the healthcare needs for our  colleagues.   When we have this vote shortly, I urge in the strongest possible way  for the Senate to vote to confirm Attorney General Xavier Becerra for  this crucial position.   I yield the floor to my colleague.    I thank my colleague.    Mr. President, I rise in support of legislation developed  by our colleague, Senator Brown, and me to protect $1,400 relief  payments from being garnished by predatory private debt collectors.   We know that millions of American families are hanging on by a  thread. They are counting on these payments to make rent and pay for  groceries and medicines.   Now Senator Brown and I want to include these protections in the  American Rescue Plan. We wanted to include them, just like we had done  in the December relief bill, but the problem was that Senate rules  didn't allow Senator Brown and me to include these protections in the  American Rescue Plan, just like we had done earlier.   If the Senate doesn't pass this bill, predatory debt collectors will  continue to seize relief payments for everything from credit cards to  medical debt.   And as we talk about this right now, I would like to give an example  of what this really means. If you have two parents who have lost their  jobs, through no fault of their own, and they can't pay the rent  because their relief check has been seized to cover a child's  outstanding hospital bills--that is what is going to happen if you  don't pass the legislation Senator Brown and I are advocating.   So I think this one is cut and dry. The Senate will either stand  today for the working families who desperately need this help, like  that couple who are hurting, through no fault of their own, or the  Senate is with private debt collectors reaching their hands into those  families' pockets.   Now, these protections that we are talking about were included in the  December package, with Republicans fully supporting it. Families'  financial situations haven't changed so I hope that Republicans will  allow for the passage of this measure offered by Senator Brown and me.  It is just common sense.   And I am going to yield now--the minority is aware--to Senator Brown.  He, too, will have short remarks, and then we will engage with our  colleague on the other side.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S.  823 introduced earlier today. The bill would provide for protection of  recovery rebates. I further ask that the bill be read a third time and  passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, just briefly. I think the key kind of  question--and the checks are still going out, and we want them to get  out as quickly as possible, but the key issue here is the Republicans,  back in December, wanted to help that couple that I was talking about,  the person laid off, through no fault of their own. They wanted to help  those folks to make sure their relief check wouldn't be seized to cover  a child's outstanding hospital bills.   So what we heard are discussions about all kinds of, you know, other  issues, but the fact is, in December, just a few weeks ago--just a few  weeks ago--Republicans were supportive of the families Senator Brown  and I are seeking to help today. That is what the question is all  about. Will the Senate today help the folks who are hurting that  Senator Brown and I have been talking about?   In December, Republicans said: You bet we are going to be there. Now  it is a question, really, of whom the Senate is for. Senator Brown and  I are for those folks who are hurting, and they have been laid off  through no fault of their own, and Republicans, unfortunately, with  checks still going out--still going out--have decided they are for the  private debt collectors.   I think it really shows whose side you are on, and Senator Brown and  I and members of our caucus are on the side of the people who are  hurting, through no fault of their own, and we especially care about  them at this time when checks are still going out.   I yield the floor.   