 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in a few minutes, I will be putting forward  a unanimous consent request asking the Senate to take up and approve a  highly qualified and noncontroversial nominee.   I will just take a couple of minutes to talk about Maria Pagan,  nominated to be the next Deputy U.S. Trade Representative in Geneva.  There are a few key points to make about the nominee, as well as the  critical role she will serve representing the United States at the  World Trade Organization to get a better deal for American workers,  farmers, and businesses.   To start, Ms. Pagan isn't new to high-pressure, high-profile  negotiations. She is currently deputy general counsel at the U.S. Trade  Representative's Office, the person called in when issues are  particularly challenging. She has taken on these difficult issues  during numerous trade agreement negotiations, including the U.S.- Mexico-Canada Agreement. She was in lockstep with Members of Congress  who pushed hard to guarantee that the commitments laid out in the USMCA  were fully and quickly enforceable, a key priority for protecting  American jobs.   She has been a longtime public servant, spending 30 years in  government. She has served both Republican and Democratic  administrations at the Department of Commerce and at USTR. She is an  expert on a host of issues from trade in services to government  procurement, and she has litigated several disputes before the WTO.   She is highly qualified. She is a nominee who brings the two sides of  the Senate together. The Finance Committee vote on her nomination was  27 to 1.   I would just say, at this point in time, that is about as good as it  gets.   Colleagues, I have said before that it is crucial to get qualified  people to the office representing the United States around the world.  It is important to have these skilled individuals working on behalf of  our workers, our businesses, and our interests. This nomination is  particularly important to me.   It is no secret that the World Trade Organization, which can be a  valuable institution, is not today functioning as it needs to. The  rules that underpin the WTO were crafted more than two decades ago.  These 20th century rules have simply not kept up with 21st century  technology.   Meanwhile, the Chinese Government has learned to game the system. It  does so routinely at the expense of hard-working American families.   As a result, the process of leveling the playing field with trade  rules based on fairness have been overtaken by the exploitation of  loopholes and rip-offs. In many cases, that comes at the direct expense  of American workers and American businesses.   With her decades of experience, Ms. Pagan understands these  challenges as well as anyone. From day one after her confirmation, she  will hit the ground running to lead our allies in fighting back.   For example, one area that I feel particularly strongly about is that  new rules are desperately needed to deal with subsidized fisheries.  Harmful subsidies are allowing fleets to reach distant shores of less  developed countries like Ecuador and Ghana. They are stripping the  ocean of fish without regard to species or regulations or basic  decency. These highly subsidized, poorly regulated fleets rely on  abhorrent labor practices--including forced labor. Worst of all, their  catch ends up in American supermarkets and on American tables.   Oregon fishing families who trade in fairly and sustainably caught  U.S. salmon, pollack, and other fish simply should not be asked to  compete against that kind of horrendous cheating.   Negotiations on this issue have been dragging on for over 20 years,  and I can tell you, the 20 years have not improved the situation for  our oceans and for our families.   The 12th Ministerial Conference, which was delayed last week due to  the new COVID variant, is another really important chance to get these  negotiations finally done. The outcome has to be strong. It can't open,  once again, harmful new loopholes.   These meetings have been rescheduled to the spring. The United States  needs tough, smart leadership at the table. Ms. Pagan, with her years  of negotiation, is just the closer, just the kind of person the United  States needs.   There are no shortages of other issues that Ms. Pagan will have to  tackle at the World Trade Organization, from institutional reform to  dispute settlement, to e-commerce. The United States needs a leader who  can work with our allies to get it all done. She is the right woman for  the job.   Maria Pagan is a highly qualified, experienced nominee. She is a  proven negotiator, a strong advocate for workers, farmers, and  businesses. She comes, as I have indicated, with strong, 27-to-1,  bipartisan support in the Senate Finance Committee. There is just no  justification for any delay in moving this nomination forward.   I will have more to say when I ask unanimous consent, briefly, in a  bit.   And, at this moment, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent, notwithstanding  rule XXII, if applicable, at a time to be determined by the majority  leader in consultation with the Republican leader, that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 547,  Maria L. Pagan, of Puerto Rico, to be a Deputy United States Trade  Representative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador; that there  be 10 minutes of debate, equally divided in the usual form on the  nomination; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate  proceed to vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination;  that if the nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with to intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action and the Senate  then resume legislative session.    Madam President, there has been an objection. Let me be  very brief. We have a lot to do still tonight.   As the new COVID variant surges around the globe and threatens  Americans here at home and millions around the world, the United States  needs to do everything possible to get shots in arms, including having  the right people in Geneva to find solutions to the availability and  distribution of vaccines.   COVID continues to be a deadly crisis, and we should be working in  every way possible to make sure that the Biden team has a group that  can reach agreement on a TRIPS waiver and any other trade-based  solutions.   I look forward to continuing efforts to talk with my colleague from  Utah. This is urgent business. We have to get it worked out.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.    Madam President, let me just say at the outset, I  strongly, strongly, strongly agree with my colleagues--Senator Rubio  and my friend from Oregon Senator Merkley--that the United States has  to fight genocide and the scourge of forced labor taking place in  Western China and elsewhere around the world.   As the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, one of my special  priorities--one that we worked on for quite some time--has been to  tackle this issue of forced labor. It goes back to work that Senator  Brown and I did in 2015 to close an unjustifiable loophole that allowed  an exception to the ban on products made with forced labor. Not only is  it morally abhorrent, it is also a major trade rip-off that undermines  American workers.   On the Finance Committee, we believe that the Senate needs to look at  every opportunity to protect good-paying American jobs and help workers  and their families get ahead. That means that the Senate has got to be  prepared to tackle multiple challenges at once.   Right now, the urgent issue for so many American families is the  potential expiration of child tax credit payments on January 1.  Families received their sixth child tax credit payment today. It could  be the last if this body does not act.  [[Page S9192]]    Families have come to depend on these payments to cover the  essentials like rent, groceries, heat, and clothing for their kids.   Just recently, I was home in Oregon, and I asked people what they  spend the child tax credit on, and they said: ``Ron, we spend it on  things like shoes.''   And in our part of the world, it gets cold; it gets wet. We are not  talking about luxury; we are talking about shoes for children.   Food insecurity among families dropped by about 25 percent since  these child tax credit payments began. Child poverty has been cut  nearly in half.   This program, in my view, is like Social Security for kids and  vulnerable families. We never let Social Security checks for vulnerable  seniors lapse.   For anybody who questions how valuable this program has been to  American families, I want to just very briefly touch on a few messages  that we have gotten from parents in a cross-section of communities  across the country about how the child tax credit has helped them:   A parent in Kentucky: ``It helped me with fuel for my car and  provided me enough to buy my daughter a few things she needed.''   A parent in New York: ``It's helped take the burden off our family.  My husband lost his job during COVID but since found another job, but  the gap of the job loss was heavy.''   A parent in Alabama: ``I was able to buy my daughter her school  clothes.''   A parent in New Hampshire: ``It has helped me tremendously especially  when school was starting.''   So the message from American parents, from sea to shining sea, is the  child tax credit has been vital to so many American families and  lowering the cost of raising a family, ensuring they can provide that  basic level of security all children deserve.   So at this point, I would ask, would the Senator from Florida modify  his request to include the adoption of my amendment that is at the desk  to extend the child tax credit for 1 year and pass the bill as amended?    Madam President, reserving the right to object.    Madam President, I listened carefully to my colleague from  Florida, and because of his objection, there isn't going to be an  opportunity for the Senate to take two bold steps tonight.   I already indicated--made it very clear--that I am completely  sympathetic to my colleague from Florida, my colleague from Oregon, to  the fight against genocide and forced labor. They got me at ``hello''  on their proposition.   I also feel incredibly strongly--incredibly strongly--about our  vulnerable children and our vulnerable families who are going to be cut  off from an essential lifeline unless the U.S. Senate acts.   And, unfortunately, because of the objection from my colleague from  Florida, we are not going to have a chance to take two bold steps  tonight. That is what I am for. That is what I believe the American  people are for.   You bet we are against forced labor. You bet we are against genocide.  But we also have had a long tradition of standing up for vulnerable  kids, vulnerable families, and tonight we could have obtained two bold  objectives here in the U.S. Senate.   I think it is unfortunate that my colleague from Florida is unwilling  to do that. Vulnerable families are going to be hurt as a result of the  objection. I just want the Senate to know there was another way. There  was another way we could have stood with the effort to deal with  genocide and forced labor and protected families. They weren't mutually  exclusive. We could have done both. I think it is unfortunate the  Senate is not doing it.   I object.    Madam President, I yield the floor.   