 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would  like to thank Chairman Grijalva and, of course, the ranking member, Mr.  Westerman, for the support of scheduling this bill for final passage. I  would also like to thank my good friend, Debbie Dingell, for her work.  I have been sitting and listening to these bills, these are good bills.  So, thank you, I appreciate it.   Mr. Speaker, I introduced this bill on the House side. I would like  to thank Congressman Case and Congressman Kahele for their sponsorship  and support.   As has been mentioned, S. 325 gives Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter  Soboleff Commission on Native Children 2 more years to complete their  important work and report their findings to Congress.   The Commission is tasked with conducting a comprehensive study of  Federal, State, local, and Tribal programs that serve Native children  with the goal of developing a system that delivers wraparound service  for Native youth.   The Commission was put in place, as I mentioned, in 2016, but was not  able to have its first meeting until 2019. Further meetings were  delayed by COVID, and as we know, things weren't really going according  to scale.   But my good friend, Gloria O'Neill, serves as chairman of the  Commission, and I am thankful for her leadership on this issue, and her  commitment to ensuring the Commission has enough time to do its  important work.   Without this extension, the Commission would be rushing to conclude  their regional meetings in order to meet Congress' deadline.   When doing this work, it could have far-reaching effects on Native  youth and Native communities. We need to ensure the Commission has  enough time to do good work and consider the options.   Also, my colleagues have noticed recently, in a lot of publications,  about some of my schools concerning Native students--Native youth, and  especially in Canada. Will this Commission also look at that process  and see what has happened in the past, and we can avoid what is going  to occur in the future?   This is a needed Commission and a needed bill. I urge my colleagues  to support S. 325.   