 I congratulate my friend from Montana for his passionate  and analytical and, in my view, correct assessment of this issue.   I rise this afternoon in support and encouragement of the public  officials and the attorneys who will bring this case before the Supreme  Court in argument tomorrow. I rise, as does my colleague from  Mississippi, Senator Hyde-Smith, in appreciation for the State  legislature, where she and I both served before coming to Congress, and  in appreciation for the Governor and the legislature enacting the  Gestational Age Act, which is the subject of this Dobbs case which will  be argued tomorrow.   This is a serious issue. It is an issue that will determine whether  millions of American children have an opportunity to be born and to  enjoy the good life in this, the greatest system of representative  government that the world has ever seen. It is a serious issue.   I am happy today. I am encouraged and hopeful today. One of the  reasons that I am so encouraged is that the American people steadily  over the decades have been moving in the direction of protecting life.  This has not always been the case. As my friend from Montana so  accurately pointed out, we just know so much more. Science knows so  much more today in 2021 than science knew and Americans knew and the  world knew back in 1973, so we see more and more people becoming pro- life.   Since 1995, the share of Americans who identified themselves as pro- life has jumped to 47 percent from 33 percent. You say: Well, that is  not that great. Of course, it leaves some folks undecided. But when you  sort it out and become more specific, two out of three Americans  support a ban on second trimester abortions. This is what the  Mississippi law does. This is the law that will be allowed to stay in  effect if the Supreme Court rules in favor of Mississippi based on the  argument tomorrow.   Four out of five Americans oppose late-term abortions.   My friend the distinguished Senator from Montana encouraged people  within the sound of his voice to take their smartphones out and type in  ``15-week-old baby.'' I did that. I don't know if the rules quite  permit that yet on the floor, but I dare say it is not the first time  that has been done, so I did that. I clicked on ``15-week-old baby,''  and that very picture, along with other photographs, came up. As the  gentleman says, it is every much, every bit a human baby--no question  about it.   I am encouraged that the American people are moving in the direction  of life because they have seen these pictures, because they listen to  the science, and we know more than we did in 1973. The Supreme Court  knows more than it did in 1973.   After 15 weeks, an unborn baby has more than 90 percent of its body  parts that it will ever have. They have been formed, and almost every  organ is functional at the 15-week period. That is a baby. That is a  human, American baby. The child's heart is pumping 26 quarts of blood  per day at 15 weeks and has already beaten approximately 15.8 million  times by 15 weeks. That is a human. That is a baby. Babies at this  stage respond to touch and taste, and a dominant hand begins to emerge.  We know at that point--15 weeks--whether that baby is right-handed or  left-handed. And, of course, we know that baby can feel pain. That baby  deserves the constitutional rights that the gentleman from Montana  mentioned of life and the pursuit of happiness as an American.   I do want to congratulate our friends across the sea for actually  being ahead of us on this. We like to think that sometimes we know best  and we are ahead of the curve, but it happens that almost every  European country has legislation in place, rules in place, that are  very much like the Mississippi law that will be in question tomorrow in  the hearing.   Germany and Belgium have banned elective abortions after 14 weeks.  Now, this law in Mississippi has set that at 15 weeks, but Germany and  Belgium, 14 weeks. Denmark, Norway, France--a very ``live and let  live'' country if ever I heard of it--draws the line at 12 weeks--12  weeks. So when the Supreme Court hears this case tomorrow, they will  have an opportunity to decide to place the United States of America in  the broad mainstream of international thought on this.   There are so many reasons why I am happy today and encouraged today  that we have this opportunity to make a case based on the facts.   I will say this: My heart and my thanks go out to the millions of  Americans right this minute who are doing what some think is a quaint  thing--performing an act that many people are skeptical about at this  point. But I stand with those millions and millions of Americans who  are right at this moment praying for the Supreme Court, praying for  wisdom in these nine appointed and confirmed figures. They are praying  for the right words to be said by the attorneys, and they are praying  for the future of our great country.   This is our opportunity, and we have every reason to believe that we  are on the right side of history. I stand with the people who are  bringing this case, and I stand with the people of Mississippi and the  millions upon millions of Americans who are praying for the right  decision.   I yield to my good friend from across the river, the junior Senator  from Louisiana. I know that my friend from Mississippi is also waiting  to speak.   