 Madam Speaker, I rise in favor of the  objection.    Madam Speaker, I would first like to say to my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle who said we should be ashamed  over here, I am not ashamed, and neither are my colleagues over here.  We are actually proud of what we are doing and what we are standing  for. So I hope the Record will show that.   Yesterday's cowardly attack on our American democracy was a horrible  act. While Congress attempted to execute their constitutional duty to  debate and vote on this certification of the electoral college,  violence interrupted the proceedings in an attempt to stop the  democratic process.   Those who committed these acts are domestic terrorists and should be  prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. And I thank the Capitol  Police and all of the law enforcement organizations that pushed back  against this mob.   I can't help but be reminded of the bravery during the baseball  shooting on myself and my Republican colleagues in June of 2017. I  thank God every day for their presence.   The American people deserve full transparency in the electoral  process, with confidence that any irregularities and inconsistencies in  that process will be fully investigated.   As a former Texas secretary of state, I know the electoral process  well. And  [[Page H109]]  above all, I know what the courts, the executive branch, and the  elections officials can and cannot do without approval of the State  legislature. During my tenure, I knew that my authority was confined to  the powers the legislature provided me. If States fail to abide by the  Constitution and follow their owns laws, it calls into question whether  the votes in Texas, or any other State, are fairly represented.    And now, as a duly elected Member of Congress, the Constitution  outlines my rights to speak and voice my constituents' concerns with my  vote. It is pivotal that we have free and fair elections in our  representative democracy and, more importantly, that we trust in the  results of those elections.   In no way is voicing an objection an attempt to overturn an election.  And when this process is complete and all objections have been heard, I  acknowledge that we will have a peaceful transfer of power on January  20.   Faith in our system must be restored and Americans must be confident  that their vote matters, and only lawful votes will be counted. This is  a sad day in our Nation's history, but a solemn reminder that our  country will not falter and will not fail. In God we trust.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr.  Cawthorn).   