 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington,  and I thank my chairman of the Western Caucus. It is an honor to serve  with him, especially in a time like this where our energy needs are so  dramatically threatened.   Madam Speaker, I rise today as the proud Representative of Colorado's  Third Congressional District, one of the most beautiful districts in  the entire Nation, where waters like the Colorado, the Arkansas, and  the Animas Rivers flow, and snow falling along the Rocky Mountains  provides outdoor recreation in towns like Durango, Telluride, Aspen,  and Steamboat Springs.   Colorado's Third District is also home to some of the Nation's most  abundant energy resources. We all win when American energy workers  develop our resources responsibly at home. Yet, this administration is  laser-focused on eliminating fossil fuels and the majority of jobs in  the energy industry.   It is not complicated. We are stronger and safer as a country when we  remain energy independent and when dictators across the world can no  longer fund their deadly terrorist activities on the backs of our  energy needs.   Madam Speaker, there is no reason the U.S. should be dependent on  volatile foreign sources from countries like Russia, Iraq, and Saudi  Arabia when we can safely produce these resources right here in  America, creating American jobs.   American ingenuity and innovation have resulted in the U.S. becoming  a global leader in carbon emissions reductions. Protecting our  environment while safely producing American energy are not mutually  exclusive goals.   Advancements associated with fracking and horizontal drilling are the  main reasons the U.S. has become a world leader in protecting the  Earth. You heard me. Fracking, demonized by the left without any merit,  has proven to be one of the best energy solutions for our environment.  I think it is becoming very clear that my colleagues on the left have  become fracking liars.   But these facts don't matter to the Biden administration. All they  seem to care about is appeasing extremist environmentalists in order to  get more campaign donations.   With the stroke of his pen, which sometimes takes him a while to  find, President Joe Biden has unilaterally imposed job-killing  executive orders and overreaching energy mandates that are going to  crush my district and the people who live within it.   From rejoining the Paris Agreement without asking the Senate to  ratify this treaty, to unilaterally eliminating the Keystone XL  pipeline, to banning all new Federal oil and gas leases, the Biden  administration has already taken actions that will eliminate thousands  of Colorado's jobs, just as the gentleman mentioned, and send my  people, the people I was sent to represent in my district, to the  unemployment line.   Madam Speaker, I have met with my constituents. They don't understand  why this administration is targeting their livelihoods and telling them  that they can simply find other jobs.   The energy workers in Colorado's Third District like their jobs. They  are good at them. They are the best at extracting these resources  responsibly. They don't want to be unemployed during a pandemic and  worry about how they are going to put food on the table or make ends  meet for their families.   Just last week, President Biden unveiled a Green New Deal-like  environmental plan. While the price tag is astronomical and its goals  unrealistic, the real tragedy associated with this $2 trillion charade  will be the number of men and women in my district who have to come  home and tell a spouse and their children that they were laid off and  are unable to provide for their family.   It is not Big Oil that is going to close their doors as a result of  Biden's executive orders. It is the little guys in small, rural  communities that will be hit hardest by this administration's actions  that seek to eliminate all coal, oil, and natural gas as its  electricity sources by 2035.   Joe Biden's team learned nothing from the American energy renaissance  we saw under the Trump administration: low gas prices, the lowest  average unemployment rate ever until COVID, and the greatest economy  the world has ever seen.   Madam Speaker, energy dominance and America first policies have been  replaced by climate change overkill and people like John Kerry flying  around the world in their private jets, telling hardworking Americans  to make better choices.   We are the land of the free and will always be. I will never allow my  four boys to live in a socialist nation. For all the people in the  Third District that I so proudly represent, I will proudly fight the  Green New Deal policies and Joe Biden's job-killing executive orders  with everything that I have; I will support freedom and prosperity at  every opportunity; and I will oppose any effort that seeks to take the  God-given freedom and rights away from the American people.   