 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3635,  the Strengthening America's Strategic National Stockpile Act. A key  lesson from the pandemic has been the absolute need to end our  dependence on the Chinese Communist Party for the production of  medicines, personal protective equipment, and other critical medical  supplies.   Now more than ever, we know that secure and resilient supply chains  are vital to the safety and success of the American people. It is so  critical to focus on breaking our dependency on China and move domestic  manufacturing of PPE products back home to the U.S.   Early on in the pandemic, the Department of Homeland Security  concluded that China ``intentionally concealed the severity'' of this  virus so they could hoard PPE by blocking exports and buying it up  through its state-owned enterprises, a theory that has been confirmed  time and time again.   In March of 2020, the New York Times reported that factories in China  were not authorized to export masks, and all the while bought up much  of the world's supply first. In February of last year, Chinese  entrepreneurs and aid groups visited pharmacies in affluent countries  and emerging markets, buying masks in bulk to send to China.   Similarly, the Sydney Morning Herald reported that the Greenland  Group, a Chinese government-backed property giant, instructed its  employees worldwide--even accountants and receptionists and their HR  teams--to stop what they were doing and bulk buy as many medical  supplies as they could in January and February of 2020.   It is quite simple. We must not trust the Chinese Communist Party.  The bipartisan legislation before us today is a strong step in the  right direction toward strengthening American manufacturing of PPE in  Indiana and across the rest of the country.   Specifically, it includes the Medical Supplies for Pandemics Act I  led with Congresswoman Dingell, that would enhance medical supply chain  elasticity, improve the domestic production of PPE, and partner with  private industry to refresh and replenish existing stocks of medical  supplies.   Our legislation takes other important measures, such as supporting  State efforts to expand and maintain our own stockpiles, improving  maintenance of the national stockpile to ensure it is in good working  order and allow the transfer of stockpile items nearing their  expiration dates to other federal agencies.   To prepare for the next crisis and better protect frontline  healthcare workers, we need to boost U.S. manufacturing of PPE and  strengthen the Strategic National Stockpile.   Madam Speaker, I urge support, and I thank my colleagues.   