 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I like to think that infrastructure is  in my DNA. My father was Jerry Strobel, a civil engineer who spent his  entire career with the Nebraska Department of Transportation. Now, that  was back when it was still called the Department of Roads. He  eventually became director/State engineer and served under two  different Governors, Kay Orr and Ben Nelson, one Republican and one  Democrat.   My dad used to take my two brothers and me on weekend road trips  across Nebraska to check up on our infrastructure--trips that he would  call ``inspection tours.'' Many of the photos that I have from my  childhood are of my brothers and me standing on partially finished  bridges, in front of bulldozers, and next to highways that were under  various stages of completion. He taught me how to drop a plumb line and  showed me how to handle his surveying equipment.   Those trips with my dad taught me that infrastructure takes a long  time to plan, it takes a long time to permit, and it takes a long time  to build. Even short stretches of a single highway can sometimes--well,  it can take years to finish. To get the most out of our limited  taxpayer resources, we must condense that process to save both time and  money.   I learned that reliable infrastructure doesn't happen by accident,  and when I was elected to the Nebraska Legislature, I brought that  appreciation with me. As chair of the Transportation and  Telecommunications Committee, I introduced bills like the Nebraska  Build Act. The new revenue from that bill has funded over a dozen  important infrastructure projects across Nebraska.   Nebraskans and all Americans know what actual infrastructure is. It  is roads and bridges, but it is also ports and airports and railroads  and pipelines and waterways and broadband. Those things are a core  responsibility of government. The American people also know what  infrastructure is not. If Congress passes a bill to reform Medicare,  that is not infrastructure; that is healthcare.   We all know that words don't change their meaning overnight to suit  one party or the other's political goals, but President Biden seems to  think they do. He is asking us to support an infrastructure proposal  that could eventually top $2.7 trillion, which redefines that word to  mean policies such as climate research and federally funded home or  community care services--things that have nothing to do with what we  have traditionally called infrastructure.   Less than 6 percent of the $2.25 trillion that is identified in the  Biden proposal would go to roads and bridges. Barely 4 percent would go  to broadband, and less than 2 percent is for airports. At the same  time, hundreds of billions of dollars would be funneled to things like  housing, Medicare, and electric vehicles.   The President wants to enact trillions of dollars in new taxes to pay  for  [[Page S2207]]  all of this. Proposals being discussed include raising the capital  gains tax to the highest level in history, as well as forcing American  businesses--and then, ultimately, their customers--to pay the highest  combined corporate tax rate in the developed world. Congressional  Democrats have also proposed getting rid of the estate tax exemption,  which would make the Federal death tax apply to hard-working, middle- class families for the first time in decades. This would hit our small,  family Main Street businesses and our family farms, making it even more  difficult to pass their life's work on to their children.   Infrastructure has always been bipartisan, and it has always enjoyed  widespread support. I would gladly--I would gladly--support a bill that  takes our very real infrastructure problems seriously, and I told  President Biden that when I met with him at the White House a few weeks  ago. But his proposal simply doesn't do that. The President's plan asks  the Senate to vote for a policy wish list of priorities that no one--no  one outside of Washington, DC's bubble--has ever dreamed of calling  infrastructure.   When it comes to real infrastructure, the Senate does have bipartisan  roots. We passed the FAST Act by a vote of 83 to 16 under President  Obama in 2015. We passed an FAA reauthorization 93 to 6 under President  Trump. And the Senate unanimously approved water development bills and  my pipeline safety bill last year. I see no reason why the  administration can't tackle this important issue in a bipartisan way  once again, and the President, who represented Delaware in the Senate  for more than 35 years, knows better than most that we do this every  day. We do it on bills like the HAULS Act, which I reintroduced in  March to provide more flexibility to ag and livestock haulers and which  has won support by both Republicans and Democrats. There is also  bipartisan support for my bill to establish an online portal for  reporting blocked railroad crossings.   My Democratic colleagues and I find common ground on infrastructure  more often than we disagree, and that includes bills like the Rural  Spectrum Accessibility Act, which made internet access more widely  available in rural areas.   History shows that infrastructure is a bipartisan issue, and it can  be once again. But, right now, our friends on the other side of the  aisle are pushing this wish list of priorities for their progressive  agenda and calling it infrastructure.   For our part, Senate Republicans have made it clear that we are  willing to work with the President on a bill that actually addresses  our Nation's ailing infrastructure and makes targeted investments to  meet the needs that we have.   We introduced our own framework last week. It draws on our past  bipartisan successes, like the FAST Act, and it focuses on roads and  bridges, broadband, and other actual infrastructure. It matches or  raises the funding levels in the FAST Act, such as $299 billion versus  $226 billion for roads and bridges, and provides nearly twice as much  funding for transportation safety programs and rail and Amtrak grants.   We have spent enormous amounts of money in the last year to deal with  COVID-19, and Republicans and Democrats both voted for five bills,  totaling around $4 trillion, to address that very real crisis. Another  $1.9 trillion passed on a partisan basis in January. That is $6  trillion of new spending in 1 year--$6 trillion of new spending in 1  year. That level of spending is not sustainable. Adding another $2.7  trillion that is in the President's plan to this spending that we  already have is not sustainable.   Our proposal is clear that funding for infrastructure should be  fiscally responsible. It should use existing, proven formula programs  as much as possible, and it should make regulations less burdensome.  This is what President Biden should be focused on, and I hope that he  takes us up on our offer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   