 Madam President, yesterday, I had the opportunity to  speak with a group about the legislative priorities for this upcoming  Congress. I know the Presiding Officer and I are two Members of the  Senate who like talking to the people we represent and doing that as  much as we possibly can. I always try to cover as much ground as I can  when I am visiting with a group.   But what has struck me recently, and this was true yesterday, is that  the conversation really started to center around our national  security--protecting this Nation--and people seem to have defending  this country on their brain--standing up for America.   Some of the things that come up are what they have noticed since  November. You have individuals who are now a part of the new  administration working hard to try to erase every trace of the Trump  era, even the successes--legislation, many times, that moved forward  and things that were done on a bipartisan basis.   Part of the problem that people are beginning to have is that  President Biden signed off on more day 1 Executive orders and actions  than any President in recent memory. Indeed, I think you would have to  go back to the time of Ronald Reagan and combine all of those day 1  Executive orders and actions to equal what President Biden has done.   I have a tendency to say they kind of lost the ability to keep track  of them because there are so many. They are numerous--every single  day--and this has people very unsettled. They see this strategy, and  they think this is oddly familiar. Their most powerful leaders are  treating policymaking like it is some kind of graduate seminar--all  about theories and not about consequences and not about concrete  outcomes, at least not as far as Washington is concerned.   The message flowing from the White House hasn't helped ease their  concerns. You see, the administration has given the impression that  when it comes to national security policy, they are going to exercise  strategic patience when engaging with our adversaries. And I will tell  you this: Tennesseeans back home might not know all the details of what  is in store, but they know that the tone has changed, and they don't  like what they are hearing.   When strategic patience failed to yield results during the President  Obama administration, analysts dubbed this tactic as strategic  passivity, and I believe that is a very apt description because at the  heart of strategic patience is the belief that the status quo, while  less than ideal, is better than many possible consequences of taking an  action.   It is a dangerous posture, especially when applied to powerful  adversaries like China that are positioning themselves for global  dominance. In fact, our regional allies in Japan and the Philippines  immediately expressed concern at the idea that the United States of  America would embrace such a tactic.   For the past few decades, they have had a front row seat for the rise  of Chinese influence. They watched as China grew from a struggling  regional player into our most significant competitor in every domain.  It is important to realize that we allowed that evolution in  [[Page S290]]  the hopes that China's transition into a developed nation would foster  within its leaders a sense of global responsibility. This approach  failed, and now China is a major international player intent--intent-- on global domination.   I can tell you that officials in Beijing are not taking a passive  approach in their effort to surpass us. Through their Belt and Road  Initiative, the Chinese Communist Party has bought or extorted control  over the economies of some of the most strategically important nations  on the planet. Until recently, their grasp on global supply chains flew  well under the radar.   But we can no longer ignore the negative consequences of Beijing's  control over access to active pharmaceutical ingredients and  prescription drugs to medical devices, natural resources,  telecommunications equipment, and, even more, defense materials. Where  they couldn't buy influence, the Chinese Communist Party seized it. If  they could not buy it, they seized it. They took it outright by  reducing themselves to intellectual property theft and money laundering  schemes and, more subtly, by installing Confucius Institutes in  American classrooms and universities and putting Chinese Communist  Party spies on those university campuses in research positions.   Beijing is just as brash militarily. Chinese aggression and violence  in the Indo-Pacific threatens regional stability in defiance of basic  global norms, rulings offered by international bodies, and showings of  strength from Western military players. The Chinese Communist Party has  leveraged all of this against the most powerful nations in the Western  world, and their belligerence has paid off.   Even when, time and again, news breaks of some human rights horror in  Hong Kong Taiwan, Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, or Tibet, global leaders  hit the brakes on their rebuke of human rights violations because it  could draw economic consequences.    The term ``strategic patience'' had been used by now-Secretary Austin  prior to his confirmation. We discussed that, both privately and during  his recent confirmation hearing, and I am confident he knows how  important it is to check Chinese aggression now--right now--before it  is too late.   However, the general language used by the Biden administration  officials in press conferences and other settings reflects former  President Obama's liberal theories rather than concrete policies. Now,  to be clear, I think I can speak for everyone here when I say that we  are willing to work with the administration on this, but the threat  from China isn't merely theoretical, and I hope I have made it clear  that we here in the Senate aren't prepared to treat it like it is.   For decades, Chinese Communist Party officials have been successful  in using China's modernized economy to distract from the threat their  aggressive tactics pose to the international order. The fact is, the  concept of strategic patience simply does not apply to Beijing.   The CCP's influence grows by the day and far too quickly to be  contained by a cautious wait-and-see attitude. We did wait. We tried.  It did not work. We know it did not work. We see the entanglements and  the risk of simply poking at those knots and hoping they will resolve  themselves. Instead, we need to take a great power competition-tailored  approach right up to the CCP's front door and craft policy and budget  priorities to match.   To those who would still embrace the kind of restraint the White  House seems to have endorsed, I would ask: What about the status quo  looks sustainable to you when you are dealing with the aggressiveness  of the Chinese Communist Party?   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, since 1976, Federal law has  prohibited the use of Federal funds--taxpayer dollars--for abortion.   Section 1008 of the Public Health Service Act explicitly States that  title X funds ``shall not be used in programs where abortion is a  method of family planning.''   But, as often happens in Federal law, there is a loophole: Federal  regulations do allow abortion facilities to be colocated within clinics  that are following the title X rules, and those  [[Page S307]]  rules are providing healthcare to women.   The Title X Abortion Provider Prohibition Act would close that  loophole by prohibiting the awarding of these funds to entities that  perform abortions or that provide funds to entities that perform  abortions.   The bill allows for exceptions to be mad in cases of rape or incest  or to save the life of the mother. It would also require HHS to provide  an annual report to Congress listing entities receiving grant funds,  and specifying which of those grantees performed abortions under the  exceptions.    This is not a big change. As I said, this is a simple change. It is  one that would add to the protections of women and their unborn  children. It is a statutory fix that will redirect tens of millions of  dollars in funding to providers, our community care clinics that are  offering comprehensive healthcare services for women.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further  consideration of S. 88, and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate the opportunity to  respond to much of what my colleague had to say about we are in the  middle of a pandemic. Families are struggling. Yes, indeed, that is  very true. And if you want to talk about making healthcare services  more available to more women, then, yes, indeed, what you want to do is  make certain that these taxpayer funds are not used to provide abortion  services, that these funds are going to the community clinics that are  the ones that are providing the screenings.   Many of the Planned Parenthood clinics do abortions. They refer women  to the community clinic around the corner for the cancer screenings,  for the breast exams, for the Pap smears. So there should be agreement  that, yes, individuals should have access to this healthcare. And if  you say: If you perform abortions, you cannot have these title X  dollars, then the hundreds of community clinics that are access points  to healthcare for women in underserved communities, these funds would  be made available to them.   I think we also have to talk about rights and privileges and touch on  that for just a moment. I fully appreciate, we all have different  opinions, and it is wonderful that we live in a country that allows  freedom of speech, where we can express our difference of opinions.   What we do have to realize is this, that we have in this country  1,700 lives lost every day to abortion--1,700 voiceless and  vulnerable--and to me that is just an absolutely heartbreaking stat  that these unborn children do not have the opportunity to enjoy that  right to life. I find that very sad.   As I said, this legislation would make certain that all of this money  goes to these health clinics but not to a clinic that provides abortion  service.   This is the kind of access that, yes, indeed, many families would  appreciate having more access and more services available to women at  their community clinics.   