 Madam Speaker, I rise to offer my amendment No. 40 to  H.R. 1620, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I believe we have a sacred responsibility to protect  and empower women, end abuse and assault, and hold perpetrators of  violence against women accountable for their crimes.   However, we need to be sure that our efforts are effective. The  Department of Justice inspector general has consistently revealed  fraudulent and wasteful uses of VAWA grant funds. Congress should  demand accountability so that every dollar marked for helping victims  and preventing violence against women actually goes to help the most  vulnerable.   My commonsense amendment would prevent those who commit fraud and  misuse from receiving VAWA funds. Madam Speaker, they are stealing from  the victims that they are supposed to be helping by these efforts and  should face the consequences.   Democrats and Republicans should agree that this amendment will  advance prevention efforts and victim services. I urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to support my amendment.   Madam Speaker, however, I want to take this opportunity to touch on  something that is even more important. I am ashamed that Democrats  would bring this legislation to the floor without my amendment that  would allow sex trafficking victims to receive grant funding through  the Creating Hope Through Outreach, Options, Services, and Education  for Children and Youth program.   My amendment was removed, stripped in a partisan fashion from VAWA  this Congress, stripping vital  [[Page H1475]]  sex trafficking funding for victims and children.   Also not allowed, Madam Speaker, was my amendment that bans the  horrors of sex-selection abortions that have killed millions of girls  around the world and right here in the United States. It is an  unthinkable tragedy that little girls are targeted for death even  before they are born solely because of their sex, and I am grieved that  Democrats would not allow a vote on this basis to protect unborn girls.   These two amendments are at the very core of what it means to protect  women and girls, and I am outraged that Democrats have chosen to move  forward in a partisan manner without these critical provisions.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, this amendment will improve the underlying bill.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment, and join me,  along with the Department of Justice and the inspector general, to make  sure that we are preventing fraud and abuse in these grant programs and  making sure that every dollar marked for helping victims and preventing  violence against women actually goes to help the most vulnerable.   Nevertheless, Madam Speaker, the underlying bill neglects to give  trafficking victims and children the resources they need and was  purposefully stripped from this partisan piece of legislation.   Madam Speaker, I oppose H.R. 1620, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   