 Mr. President, I also originally planned to come to the  floor this afternoon to ask unanimous consent to support the nomination  of Mark Gitenstein to be U.S. Ambassador to the European Union.   Mark is a qualified candidate to represent the United States with our  most important trade and security relationship. He has already served  our Nation as U.S. Ambassador to Romania. He is deeply familiar with  the geostrategic needs of our Central and European allies, and he has  spent over 25 years working on energy issues. This experience is going  to be critically important in responding to Russia's weaponization of  gas flows to Europe.   As the United States confronts the challenges around the world, we  need to convey our firm commitment to our partners and our alliances.   Now, unfortunately, I am not going to be able to move forward with  this unanimous consent request because our colleagues on the other side  of the aisle can't seem to muster anyone to come down and object to my  unanimous consent request.   It is hard for me to understand why they have an objection to Mr.  Gitenstein when they are not even willing to come to object, and we  know they are here.   His confirmation would be important to advance our bilateral  conversations on shared national security interests, such as this  week's dialogue between the United States and the EU on China. But for  these conversations to make meaningful progress in addressing our  national security interests, we need our diplomats and State Department  officials at the table.  [[Page S8898]]    I had the privilege of leading a bipartisan delegation to the Halifax  Security Forum 2 weeks ago. We had three Republicans and three  Democrats.   One of the things we heard from our allies was that there was a real  impact by having a lack of ambassadorial confirmations in countries,  particularly in our ally countries. In the absence of U.S.  representation, they are really questioning our commitment to our  bilateral relationship.   In addition to Mr. Gitenstein, there are over 50 other State  Department nominees waiting confirmation on the floor.   Now, if our colleagues on the other side of the aisle really shared  the concerns about Russia and China's growing malign influence in the  world that threatens the values we have fought so hard to advance, they  would lift those holds without delay. They would understand that it is  important for our national security to have Ambassadors in these  critical posts around the world.   I am deeply disappointed that our Republican colleagues have opposed  the confirmation of Mr. Gitenstein's appointment to the European Union,  and I find it strange that at a time when we should be swiftly  confirming our Ambassadors so that we can engage with our allies and  address challenges like China and Russia, that what we are hearing from  our colleagues on the other side of the aisle is they want to hamstring  our national security and play into the hands of our adversaries.   Now, I understand that some of my Republican colleagues have decided  to hold up dozens of ambassadorial nominees because of this  administration's handling of Nord Stream 2. I don't think I need to  remind anybody that I have long been opposed to Nord Stream 2. But this  opposition is precisely the reason that we should be appointing an  ambassador to the European Union because without an ambassador, we have  been absent in critical conversations on sanctions, on trade, on  security, and on energy. And without an ambassador, we are limited in  our ability to push for further sanctions to address Russian  aggression, especially with our European allies.   Without an ambassador, we can't effectively engage our allies. We are  actively playing into Putin's hands by creating opportunities to sow  division and discord within the transatlantic community.   Partisan politics should end at the water's edge, as it has for  decades in the United States. I urge those few Republicans on the other  side of the aisle who are holding things up to stop this needless  obstruction.   The U.S. is stronger and safer when our diplomatic corps--those  individuals who support Americans and U.S. foreign policy around the  world--are supported by capable, Senate-vetted, and confirmed  Ambassadors.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, just to respond to Senator Cotton--and I  know that he shares my view about Nord Stream 2. But I think, sadly, at  this point we are in a position where, by refusing to allow our  diplomats to be in place, we no longer have an ability to negotiate.   And, in fact, the gas has not started running in Nord Stream 2; the  certification of that pipeline has been delayed; and we have a new  administration in Germany that we have heard a number of members of  that administration express serious reservations about Nord Stream 2.   So I am not sure that right now--given the need for transatlantic  unity, the need for us to be able to work with our European allies on  whatever Russia might do on Ukraine--is the best time for us to send a  signal that we don't really care what the administration is doing on  this issue and we don't really care what the Germans say about it, all  we care about is making a point on Nord Stream 2, when what we really  need to be doing is working together with our European allies because  what Putin wants more than anything else is to sow dissension between  the United States and our European allies. And, by this action, he is  doing exactly that.    Mr. President, I just have to take real umbrage at your  suggestion, Senator Cotton.   I am the one who Vladimir Putin refused a visa to get into Russia  because of my opposition to Russia and to what Putin was doing. He  didn't deny you a visa to get into the country. So don't talk to me  about how I have not been tough enough on Russia because that dog won't  hunt.   The fact is, during the Trump administration, he spent 4 years before  he would sanction Nord Stream 2. Finally, right before he left office,  he put sanctions on.   The only reason the western companies that were working on Nord  Stream 2 stopped their work is because of the threat of sanctions, not  because Trump did anything to enforce those sanctions.   So there is plenty of blame to go around, and it doesn't help for you  or me or anybody else to start throwing personal insults over what is  going on around Nord Stream 2.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my Defense  fellow, Ashley Carline, and Pearson fellow, Megan Tetrick, be given  floor privileges for the remainder of the 117th Congress.   