 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the previous  question, and I do so in support of our students.   Our amendment would ensure that students get back in schools safely  and soon. Students have been out of the classroom for far too long, and  the costs of at-home learning are far greater than we could have ever  imagined, especially when it comes to mental health for our kids.   My bill, the Reopen Schools Act, would prioritize State COVID relief  grants for education for schools that are reopening. It would require  schools to offer at least partial in-person learning in order to  receive these Federal pandemic relief funds. These funds were intended  to help students get back into the classroom safely, taking important  precautions.   Congress sent States this money so we could reopen schools safely,  yet this hasn't happened in so many communities across our country.   I am so proud of our home State of Iowa for already taking a stand  for students and requiring schools to offer an in-person learning  option. But The Washington Post found that roughly one-third of all K- 12 school districts in the United States right now are only offering  virtual learning. So this means one-third of our classrooms are closed  and one-third of our school playgrounds are still roped off.    The cost of this goes well beyond academics. Child depression,  anxiety, and other mental health challenges are surging. The science  shows kids need to be back in school.    Mr. Speaker, even the CDC has confirmed that young kids  have an extremely low infection rate right now, a low transmission  rate, and a low rate of serious illness from COVID-19. Yet they are  forced to stay home and learn from behind a computer screen, that is if  these kids have access to computers and broadband internet.   For many students, especially those in rural Iowa, virtual learning  is not easy. It is not just going downstairs and logging onto the  family computer. It is sitting in the parking lot of the Cedar Rapids  Public Library, logging onto the WiFi to finish homework or take a  test.   So it is no surprise that our most vulnerable students are the ones  who will suffer the most and are suffering the most. Isolation, lack of  social support, added stress, and environmental strain of this lockdown  have gone on far too long. Kids and families are suffering.   As a mom of two school-age kids, this issue is personal to me. This  issue is personal to all parents, and it is personal to all families  who care about their kids' well-being. Kids need to be in school. We  can get them back behind a desk instead of in front of a screen, and we  can do so safely. That is exactly why we allocated funds for this  purpose.   It is past time for States and local school districts to stop  hoarding these resources and use them for their intended purpose: To  pay for science-based safety measures that get students and teachers  back in the classroom with less risk.   That is why my bill would condition a portion of the $54 billion  Congress sent to States for K-12 schools in December on reopening their  doors. One-third of the education funds provided would be immediately  available right now with the remaining two-thirds available to schools  in increasing amounts as they move to reopen. Schools with at least 50  percent of students attending in person at least 50 percent of the time  would receive the full amount of funding. Parents and students want to  return to the classroom. My bill will help make that happen.   Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will  join me in supporting our students by defeating the previous question,  and I urge a ``no'' vote.   