 Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority  leader in consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate Armed  Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1520  and the Senate proceed to its consideration; that there be 2 hours for  debate, equally divided in the usual form; and that upon the use or  yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the bill with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, it is very kind the chairman notes  that the last time we got a vote in committee was 2013. We have been  asking for a vote on this for the last 8 years, asking for the last 5  years to get a floor vote and been denied. This bill has been routinely  and roundly filibustered and opposed by the chairman and the ranking  member for the entire 8 years that I have been working on this bill.  And this bicameral bill, that has 66 Senate cosponsors, should not be  relegated by a committee that will communicate with the DOD behind the  scenes. That is what they do. That is what they have been doing.   This is not a bill related to a technical aspect of warfighting that  would benefit from the expertise found within the DOD. It is a check on  the commander's power that has allowed a culture to flourish, where two  and three victims do not feel comfortable coming forward to report  their assault and 64 percent--a number that is stubbornly unchanged-- experience retaliation when they do come forward. Moreover, a majority  of the Members already cosponsor this bill so it is unclear what  expertise the committee will add. It will only create an opportunity  for the DOD to water down this much needed reform.   As a military law expert, Brenner Fissell wrote today in The Hill,  ``An institution with the power to kill people and topple governments  should not resist our elected Senators' clear will, cheering as a  procedural loophole allows a small minority to prevent popular forms  from being implemented.''   Mr. President, this is the 12th time that I have risen to ask for  unanimous consent for a very simple reason: The Military Justice  Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act deserves a vote. The people  in the military deserve a military justice system worthy of their  sacrifice.   We don't have time to delay. Every day that we delay a vote on this,  more servicemembers are being sexually assaulted and raped.   I started this request for unanimous consent 28 days ago. Since then,  an estimated 1,568 servicemembers have been raped or sexually  assaulted. More will have been victims of other serious crimes, and  most of them will feel that there is no point in even reporting the  crime because they have no faith in the current military justice  system. That system asks commanders, not lawyers, to decide whether  cases go forward. The lack of faith is understandable. Less than 1 in  10 sexual assault cases that are considered for command action are  actually sent to trial, and just a small fraction of those end in  conviction.   In the 8 years that we have been fighting for this reform, further  fault lines in the military justice system have been made evident,  including deeply troubling racial disparities. It is a disappointment  that the chairman is not here to hear this information himself.   In 2017, a report found Black servicemembers were as much as 2.61  times more likely to have disciplinary action taken against them as  their White counterparts. In 2019, the GAO found Black and Hispanic  servicemembers were more likely than White servicemembers to be  subjected to criminal investigation and to face general and special  courts-martial. Those statics show a clear and pressing need to address  what appears to be inherent bias in the current command-controlled  system.   To provide our servicemembers with real justice, we must move all  serious crimes out of the chain of command. This bill will do that by  making a simple but critical change to the way the military justice  system handles serious crime. It streamlines how cases move forward.  Instead of commanders, who have zero formal legal training, making the  decision to prefer or refer cases to trial, this bill gives those legal  decisions to highly trained, impartial, professional military justice  lawyers. It allows the commander to continue to work hand in hand with  judge advocates to implement good order and discipline in their unit.   The bill really comes down to one thing: Is there enough evidence to  move this case forward? We should not put that responsibility on  commanders, who often know both the accused and the accuser and do not  have legalized training to be able to make these decisions properly.  When it comes to serious crimes that can lead to long, more-than-a-year  sentences, that decision should be made by a legal expert.   That is the change the bill would make. It is tailored, it is simple,  and it is an elegant solution to meet a very real problem. Commanders  still have lots of power. They have the ability to enact nonjudicial  punishment, which allows them to set the tone for their troops and  maintain good order and discipline. They will still have the ability to  put people on restriction and in confinement. They still have the  ability to issue protective orders. These are the basic tools that  commanders rely on to implement good order and discipline, not general  courts-martial.   If a serious crime is not preferred and then referred by the JAG  convening authority, it goes right back to the commander, who can  choose to do several things. He can do nothing. He can carry out  nonjudicial punishment or administrative separation. He can pursue  summary or special court-martial.  [[Page S4651]]    However, this change, despite its simplicity and despite being a very  small change, will create a seismic shift in how the military justice  system is perceived by both servicemembers who have been subjected to  sexual assault and by Black and Brown servicemembers who have been  subjected to bias.   We need a professionalized military justice system so that everyone,  from survivors to defendants, can have more trust in the current  process--a process that is based on evidence and legal facts and that  cases will be decided impartially. That is the system our  servicemembers deserve and is the system that we create by the Military  Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act.   We have tried every small ball effort you can imagine. The Presiding  Officer has been on that committee for years. You watched us pass every  type of reform that the DOD is OK with. This is the one they have  fought tooth and nail to prevent implementation of, and even today, our  chairman wants to narrow it down and reduce it to a very small size-- one crime, one crime only.   Well, let's just look at the facts. The Vanessa Guillen case was a  murder case. Under the chairman's own analysis, he would not have  allowed that case to go forward through the review of a special,  trained military prosecutor. In fact, her case may never have seen the  light of day. That is a problem. So we need to treat all serious crimes  the same.   We have compromised on this bill. We carved out all the serious  crimes that are military in nature--going AWOL, not following a direct  command, anything that the commander would have a special purview  over--but we draw a bright line at the rest of those serious crimes,  and that is a good solution. It is what our allies have already done-- UK, Israel, Canada, Germany, Netherlands, Australia--and they saw no  diminution in command control.   We need to build a military justice system that is worthy of the  sacrifices that the men and women in our armed services make every day.   I yield the floor to the Senator from Iowa.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   