 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Carper and I be allowed to speak for 1 minute each before the next  cloture vote.    Mr. President, we are about to vote cloture on Janet  McCabe, the No. 2 at the EPA, and I vehemently oppose her nomination to  this position.   She is the architect of the Clean Power Plan that basically racked my  economy in West Virginia, and she has not backed down from that in her  testimony. She is very supportive of that plan and even more.  [[Page S2208]]    Her boss at the EPA at the time was Gina McCarthy. Guess where she is  now--in the White House. She, again, will be Janet McCabe's boss in the  White House, dictating from there.   During her time at the EPA before, she didn't listen, she wouldn't  come to West Virginia, and she basically showed very little interest in  what happens to the people most deeply affected by the policies that  she put forward.   So given her past actions and present statements, I cannot support  someone who would work to destroy a State's economy, such as ours was  destroyed, and our communities and their livelihoods.    Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  vote for this motion to proceed to the bipartisan Drinking Water and  Wastewater Infrastructure Act of 2021, otherwise known as DWWIA.   As the ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee,  I have been working closely with Chairman Carper and Senators  Duckworth, Lummis, Cardin, and Cramer to craft meaningful legislation  that addresses our country's aging  [[Page S2216]]  drinking water and wastewater systems. Every city and town can tell you  all about it.   This bill authorizes more than $35 billion for water resource  development projects across the country, with a focus on upgrading  aging infrastructure, addressing the emerging threats of extreme  weather events, including those resulting from climate change, and  cyber security vulnerabilities. This bill also includes measures to  invest in innovative technologies, and it provides assistance to  marginalized communities. All of these things will help our communities  keep their water safe and clean.   Something I am particularly proud of is how this bill provides  flexibility to both rural and urban areas and lets them decide how they  can best address their needs.   The most significant investments in this bill are in the drinking  water and clean water State revolving funds. We know them as SRFs. The  SRFs maximize authority for the States to determine how best to address  drinking and wastewater challenges, utilizing a revolving loan fund to  facilitate additional future investments.   For rural States like West Virginia, we offer several solutions to  unique water challenges. I will add here that we have a lot of great  water in West Virginia. First, the bill invests $50 billion for those  currently being served by intractable water systems. Those are the  systems that service fewer than 1,000 people and that have typically  been abandoned by the operator. We have quite a few of those. Towns in  the southern coalfields of West Virginia, like those in McDowell  County, have historically struggled with this.   Since many of these households cannot connect to municipal water  systems in an economic or technologically feasible way, the funding  will go to a grant program to help them install environmentally sound,  decentralized wastewater systems. This language is something that I  worked on previously with my colleague from New Jersey Cory Booker when  he was on the committee in the last Congress.   The most pressing water issue, from a human health and environmental  perspective in Appalachia, is undoubtedly straight piping. This  practice is common in other exceptionally rural and remote areas around  the country. So with new septic tanks installed, the grant program is  working to improve quality of life and addresses public health and  environmental concerns about straight piping waste into rivers and  streams.   Infrastructure resiliency and sustainability is also a priority in  this bill. In rural areas especially, some of the pipes are nearly 100  years old. I have actually heard about wooden pipes. Small towns often  don't have the revenues to spend on expensive drinking water and  wastewater infrastructure upgrades. That is why this legislation  creates grants for small public water systems to replace components, to  identify and prevent leaks, and to install meters.   This is based off of language I introduced last Congress in the  Assuring Quality Water Infrastructure Act. I was joined there by my  colleague Ben Cardin of Maryland to address the needs of small water  systems that are facing operational challenges in maintaining drinking  water services. Every State has them.   In West Virginia, that is often the result of old infrastructure or  the lack of adequate mapping of where these assets actually exist. It  is hard to fix leaks when you can't find them.   Reports have shown--this stunned me when I saw this--that only one- quarter of the water that West Virginia water systems pay to have  treated and pumped even reaches a faucet--one quarter. That is how much  water leaks out. I think about other States that have water shortages,  and here we are wasting so much water in a State like ours, which has  an abundance of water.   Water is a precious resource, and wasting that much of it because of  leaky pipes and faulty infrastructure is absolutely unacceptable. The  $250 million grant program will help provide the technical assistance  and infrastructure investments that these small systems, serving 10,000  people or fewer, need to address to get those challenges off their  backs and to get on sure fiscal footing as they better serve their  customers.   Of course, we don't want to forget about our midsize and large  drinking water systems. Another program that I worked on last Congress,  again, with Senator Cardin, addresses the resiliency of drinking water  and wastewater systems.   Adapted from the Clean Water Infrastructure Resilience and  Sustainability Act, these programs, totaling $370 million over 5 years,  will help to protect public water systems from a host of threats, both  natural and manmade.   In West Virginia and in many other parts of the country, the greatest  threats to drinking and wastewater infrastructure come from flooding.  These investments will harden infrastructure against these threats and  protect taxpayers from paying for the same infrastructure again and  again.   I just discussed physical resilience, but we must also ensure the  resilience of our water utility workforce, those workers who ensure the  continued operation and maintenance of drinking water and wastewater  systems every day.   Section 211 of DWWIA focuses on the resilience of America's water  utility workforce by addressing recruitment, training, and retention  challenges. This is a topic very important to me, and I worked, again,  with my colleague from New Jersey Senator Booker, on this issue   I cannot help but think that we regularly take for granted the public  health services provided by this Nation's water utility workforce. We  just don't really think about who is actually working there and  providing the service that we sometimes take for granted.   Unfortunately, a large portion of the men and women who are in our  water treatment facilities are getting older and they are retiring, and  that is why we need to make sure that we have the next generation of  water workers ready.   This bill increases funding authorized to $25 million over 5 years  for the program that helps water systems grow their workforce through  apprenticeships, through training programs, and it also helps with  their retention efforts. This program has been extremely popular with  water systems around the country, and Congress has recognized this by  funding it beyond the authorization level.   It is critical that we provide the tools and investments necessary to  help our drinking water and wastewater systems face these challenges  head-on. After all, this is the workforce that will ensure the  operation and maintenance of all the other infrastructure investments  this package creates.   Additional technical assistance can also help systems with  operations--it is much more complicated than what it used to be--and  prevent outages and costly compliance issues. Section 206 establishes  and authorizes a circuit rider program designed to help owners and  operators of small- and medium-sized publicly owned treatment works.   We have heard from the water community that other circuit rider  programs have been a tremendous asset in providing technical  assistance. It only makes sense for the EPA to similarly provide  technical assistance since they implement the relevant regulations.  This can be tremendously helpful where a system may be struggling with  an insufficient workforce and also must be a part of the resilience  discussion.   Another concern for us was the alarming trend in cyber security  threats in water systems. In February, you all might remember, hackers  accessed a Florida water treatment facility computer system and were  able to remotely raise the level of sodium hydroxide in the water. That  is not just scary; it is alarming.   This has huge national security implications on top of the obvious  public health concerns. Thankfully, that hack was detected and the  system was returned to normal before the public was ever at risk. But  in this day and age, water infrastructure resiliency also has to  include addressing these cyber security issues. So we made sure that  these vulnerabilities could be addressed under resiliency grants.   While water infrastructure investments are critical to ensuring we  are not wasting water and our water is clean, it is also critical from  an economic development perspective. Berkeley County--close here to  Washington,  [[Page S2217]]  DC--in West Virginia made huge investments into their water  infrastructure system to ensure the system could handle the volume of  water that the brand-new Procter & Gamble plant needed. And it is  massive amounts of water, and it is a massive plant. We are very happy  that they are there employing over 1,000 West Virginians.   So with that upgraded water system, P&G was able to operate more  efficiently and even to expand--and they are still expanding--and that  meant more jobs. That kind of opportunity needs to be available  everywhere, not just in my home State but in Connecticut and in other  places around the country.   These are just a few of the provisions that address and are informed  by the particular challenges that face my State. But based on the  feedback of my colleagues in both parties and the groundswell of  support from various water advocacy groups, it is clear these  provisions have broad applicability to help communities all across this  beautiful country.   It is why we have such a diverse and growing coalition of more than  70 supporters--from water systems to local governments, to industry, to  labor, to environmental organizations--who are supporting this  legislation, not to mention that we had a unanimous vote out of  committee.   These organizations recognize the value of this legislation and its  commonsense and responsible approach to addressing our water  infrastructure issues. We will be discussing more of the valuable  provisions of this bill on the Senate floor this week, and I look  forward to that debate.   In closing, I just want to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of  advancing this bill and, later, for final passage. I mentioned it  passed unanimously out of committee. There is a big debate in the  broader sense: Can Congress get together on infrastructure? This is  what I would define as basic, core infrastructure. This, I think, is a  good test case for us, and this, I think, is one in which we all have a  great interest. Conservatives, moderates, and liberals all came  together on this.   I would like to thank my counterpart and my chairman, Senator Carper,  and his staff for their work, as well as our Water Subcommittee  counterpart chairman, Senator Duckworth, and Ranking Member Lummis.   This bill is proof that we can work together on infrastructure. This  is a bipartisan, responsible, meaningful investment. We are taking care  of pipes, we are looking out for our environment, and we are putting  special emphasis on helping rural and disadvantaged communities. At the  end of the day, this bill is really about helping people. This is a  bipartisan bill that we can all be proud of.   Again, I ask my colleagues to vote yes on the motion to proceed and  again on the underlying bill.   I yield the floor.   