 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support  of H.R. 5746, the NASA Enhanced Use Leasing Extension Act. This is a  bipartisan bill I was proud to colead with Space and Aeronautics  Subcommittee Chair Beyer, Ranking Member Babin, and Representative Troy  Carter.   H.R. 5746 would allow NASA to continue leasing any underutilized,  non-excess property owned by the Federal Government to private-sector  entities, State and local governments, academic institutions, and other  agencies involved in the research, development, and deployment of space  innovation.   We need an all-hands-on-deck approach to help the U.S. lead the  global space race for innovation and the development of new  technologies, and this legislation aims to do exactly that. I am proud  to support H.R. 5746, those on the front lines of space innovation, and  aerospace manufacturers in southern California that create the tools  for the United States to continue reaching new heights.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5746.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Johnson  for yielding, and I thank him for his passion to address the supply  shipping crisis that we are facing in our Nation today.   I, too, rise today in strong support of the Ocean Shipping Reform Act  of 2021. This is a bipartisan bill I was proud to cosponsor that would  help address the container ship bottlenecks at the San Pedro Complex,  which includes the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in southern  California near my district, California's 39th Congressional District.   While this bill is not a silver bullet to resolving all of our supply  chain issues like major labor shortages and warehouses overcapacity, it  does take meaningful steps to address uncompetitive practices by some  ocean carriers.   H.R. 4996 provides the Federal Maritime Commission with more tools to  address practices that discriminate against U.S. exporters, importers,  truckers, and other players in our supply chain.   Bottlenecks at the San Pedro Complex continue to cause supply  disruptions that are raising prices for workers, families, and small  businesses and hurts the ability of our manufacturers and farmers to  export goods overseas.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4996.   