 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the objection of the  electoral certification of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.    Madam Speaker, as a new Representative here, I did not  envision my first speech on the House floor to be this, here tonight,  but rather, a tribute to our first responders and frontline workers who  have been a shining light in an otherwise tough year for us all.   After the events tonight, I am especially grateful for our men and  women who put service above self, confronting lawlessness and danger  while protecting this very Chamber, its Members, and our constitutional  Republic.   As a Member of the people's House, and the wife of a first responder,  thank you to our law enforcement here today. But, especially, after  tonight's unacceptable breach of the people's House, I am furthermore  resolved in the fact that we, as representatives of the people, must  take a stand for every American's right to a free and fair election as  guaranteed by the Constitution.   Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the Constitution explicitly rests  the time and manner of our elections in the hands of our State  legislatures. However, State law in the 2020 election was modified or  circumvented without approval of the State legislature. These actions  are in clear violation of the Constitution, specifically Article II,  Section 1, Clause 2, which grants State legislatures the sole authority  to establish how State Presidential electors are appointed.   These changes, along with other election irregularities throughout  the 2020 election, require me, as a Member of this body, to object to  the certification of these electoral votes, just as my colleagues  across the aisle have objected to every Republican Presidential  election over the last 20 years.   Tonight, as we undertake the very serious responsibility of debating  these State electoral certifications, I urge my colleagues to listen  earnestly and with an open mind, remembering that just 3 days ago, we  swore an oath to the United States Constitution, not a political party.   Our constituents are counting on us. Our country is counting on us.  Our children are counting on us, and we cannot let them down.   Madam Speaker, in December, 25 of my freshman colleagues and I sent  you a letter imploring you to investigate these election  irregularities. To date, we have not received a response. That brings  us to today.   My colleagues across the aisle have repeatedly invoked our Founding  Father, Benjamin Franklin, who famously said: We have a republic, if we  can keep it.   I say, let's keep it.   Madam Speaker, it is with that sentiment in mind that I ask my  colleagues to defend the power vested in this legislative branch by the  U.S. Constitution and reject the certification of the electoral votes  of the State in question. It is our responsibility to have   [[Page H107]]  courage in the face of adversity and bring integrity back to this  process.    Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from  the great State of Texas (Mr. Arrington).   