 Madam President, I rise today to strongly urge my  colleagues to support the nomination of Dr. Rachel Levine. She is a  highly qualified public health expert to serve as Assistant Secretary  for Health.   As the highest ranking health official in Pennsylvania, she led the  State's COVID-19 response by focusing on transparency and clear,  science-based communication; giving daily briefings on the status of  the pandemic; and advocating for the resources and support  Pennsylvanians needed.   Dr. Levine has been on the frontlines of this pandemic, which is why  she knows firsthand what our States and communities need from the  Department of Health and Human Services. Even before this crisis, Dr.  Levine established herself as a trusted voice to the people of  Pennsylvania on matters of public health through her work to establish  opioid prescribing guidelines and education for medical students, make  lifesaving treatment for opioid overdoses widely available, combat  eating disorders, increase health equity, and help the LGBTQ community  get healthcare.   She was confirmed to both of her positions in the State with broad  bipartisan support. She passed out of the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee with support from Republican colleagues last week,  and I hope she will be confirmed today in a strong bipartisan vote as  well.   I want to take a moment to acknowledge what her confirmation today  would represent for our country because, in addition to being a high  qualified nominee, Dr. Levine is also a historic one. Upon  confirmation, she will be the highest ranking openly transgender  official in our government and the first one ever confirmed by the  Senate.   I have always said the people in our government should reflect the  people it serves, and today we will take a new, historic step toward  making that a reality.   I am proud to vote for Dr. Levine and incredibly proud of the  progress this confirmation will represent for our country and for  transgender people all across it who are watching today. I hope all my  colleagues are as well.   I would also say how glad I am that yesterday we voted to confirm Dr.  Murthy as Surgeon General.   During his last tenure as Surgeon General, Dr. Murthy established  himself as a trusted voice on matters of public health, helped see our  Nation through the Zika outbreak, and published groundbreaking reports  on the opioid epidemic and rising youth tobacco use.   I am pleased to have Dr. Murthy returning to the role of Surgeon  General at this critical time.   When it comes to ending this pandemic, we have a lot of work to do  and  [[Page S1746]]  no time to waste. We are going to need all the help we can get,  particularly from experts like Dr. Murthy and Dr. Levine to get it  done.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   