 Mr. President, I rise today to commend the confirmation  of Tana Lin--a trailblazing civil rights lawyer and former public  defender--to serve as U.S. District Court judge for the Western  District of Washington in the Seattle courthouse.   Ms. Lin has led a tremendous career fighting for civil and human  rights, and I am very proud to have recommended her to President Biden.   There are many reasons to be excited about Tana Lin's confirmation.  One of them that is extremely important to me is she will be the first- ever public defender serving as U.S. District Court judge in Washington  State, and that really matters.  [[Page S7147]]    It matters when we put a former public defender and civil rights  lawyer on the Federal bench. It matters quite a bit, I think, when a  Federal judge has represented clients who couldn't afford to hire their  own lawyer. It matters that Ms. Lin has represented Washington State  farmworkers dealing with wage theft. It matters that Ms. Lin stood up  for refugees and immigrants against unconstitutional Executive actions,  and that she had successfully challenged discriminatory hiring  practices, and has a long career of standing shoulder to shoulder with  working people at every turn in her career.   Ms. Lin's legal qualifications are excellent. She graduated from  Cornell University and New York University School of Law, working  multiple jobs during both college and law school. She began her career  as a public defender in the District of Columbia. She went on to work  at the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice, and later  the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. She spent  multiple years at the Michigan Poverty Law Program until she finally  moved to Seattle.   In Washington State, Ms. Lin currently serves as president of the  Board of Directors of the American Civil Liberties Union, and also  works in private practice where she fights for the rights of employees  and consumers.   She is deeply involved in our local community, mentoring the next  generation of lawyers and dedicating her time to a range of pro bono  projects in the region.   Ms. Lin's legal experience is unquestionable, but I also believe it  is important that judges who sit on our Federal bench are reflective of  the communities that they serve.   Our State is home to more than 1 million immigrants and nearly 1  million Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, and Ms. Lin, who  emigrated here with her family from Taiwan at the age of 3, will  proudly serve as Washington State's first-ever Asian-American judge to  sit on the Federal bench. That is a big deal.   Ms. Lin will bring integrity, independence, and compassion to the  Seattle courthouse. Americans deserve a justice system that will uphold  the rights of everyone, not just the wealthy and well-connected. Let's  build a more fair court system and let's do that by appointing more  public defenders and more civil rights lawyers like Ms. Lin as Federal  judges.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, once  again, I am here to oppose a bill that would undermine our efforts to  end this pandemic.   There are already State laws that address parental consent for  vaccines, but this bill would trample on those laws and the rights of  young adults across the country who are currently able to get  vaccinated.   This bill does not take into account the rights of children who are  experiencing homelessness but want to get vaccinated nor does it  consider children who are emancipated and want to get vaccinated, and  it could make getting vaccinated even harder for children who can  currently make that decision for themselves under their States' laws.   We are trying to safely open schools, protect our communities, and  end this pandemic that has killed over 700,000 people. Making it harder  for anyone to get vaccinated and protect themselves is not helpful.   Therefore, I object.   