 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee,  who is coanchor with Congressman Ritchie Torres.   Let me say this: Congresswoman Jackson Lee is at the right place in  the right time in history. I thank her for her leadership and her  powerful, profound words of talking about not only our late Congressman  John Lewis, but talking about why we are here tonight, speaking truth  to power, from her own experiences, from her own leadership, from those  marches that I have read about and witnessed her in, leading not only  individuals from Texas but across this Nation. So I thank her and look  forward to hearing her talk about voting rights under attack.   Lastly, let me thank her for quoting from his latest book, ``Carry  On.'' Just as it was fitting for her, as a powerful attorney, to talk  about justice, in that book he talks about voting rights, and in that  book he kept it quite simple. In capital letters, he said: Vote, vote,  vote. And stand up for the right of voting, because voting rights  belong to all of us and all of our constituents.   Madam Speaker, let me say tonight, I rise and join my colleagues of  the Congressional Black Caucus for this Special Order hour on a  critically important topic, voting rights.   The Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour is generally  regarded as a solemn moment to give the CBC an opportunity to speak  directly to the American people and to reflect on the ideas and  policies of critical interest to our constituents.   Well, tonight I speak to the people about the right to vote. We are  gathered in this sacred Chamber, the floor of the people's House, to  discuss the future of voting rights in America, to amplify our power,  our message, and to boldly proclaim that we are not going to let the  clock be turned back to a time when the votes of Black people were  restricted and limited by those who feared our power.   On behalf of the 57 members of the Congressional Black Caucus, I come  today to share some thoughts and join my colleagues on this debate on  voting rights.   The right to vote is under attack, and some of those attacks have  taken place right here in this Chamber, and in other States across the  Nation.   So, Madam Speaker, let me be clear to the American people: The  Congressional Black Caucus will not sit idly by as State legislatures,  fueled by the support of adversaries intent on limiting our access to  the ballot box, voter suppression, changing the rules of engagement  after we have been victorious. We have the majority in the House, the  Senate, and we are building back better with the Biden-Harris  administration. To all of those who believe it does not exist, I have a  message for you: We won. We stand for the people, because we were  elected by the people.   The civil disobedience displayed by the proud Black women and  activists, allies, and others just over a week and a half ago that our  coanchor talked about, we were there for a reason, organized by good  friend and colleague Melanie Campbell, Clayola Brown, Barbara Skinner,  the Reverend Barbara Skinner, and so many other women. Well, yes, I was  proud to stand with them.    On that day I did reflect back on how many of my CBC colleagues had  been arrested and what they fought for that gave me the privilege to  stand on this floor tonight. Did I think about John Lewis and did I  think about Fannie Lou Hamer and so many more? Yes. Did I think about  Rosa Parks and what she did to give us the Montgomery March of 1955  when she sat down that gave us 1964 civil rights, 1965 voting rights,  1968 jobs and housing act, and so much more?   Well, tonight, that is what we are standing here for. We understand,  Madam Speaker, that you can't change the future if you don't  acknowledge the past. And that is why you will hear us repeatedly talk  about the legal cases. You will hear us talking about our rich history.  And as much as we embrace it and we love it, we are not going back to  it. And that is why we are standing here.   Madam Speaker, I stand with Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee and  coanchor Ritchie Torres. Let me just say tonight, we send a strong  message that we are here to pass H.R. 1 and H.R. 4, the For the People  Act and the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. We are done waiting. We are  done being patient.   If it means we have to speak out, if it means we have to stand up and  march and protest, then that is what we will do. The example set by  Democrats across the United States, and specifically those members who  came here from Texas, we stand with them, because they were forced to  come here. Are they making a bold statement? Yes.   But think about it. It has only taken one action, one person to get  the attention of the Nation to change things and make it right. And  that is what we are doing. When people ask why, why do we stand here  and stand up for freedom and justice and our equal rights and to  protect our voting rights? Because we know if we don't stand up for  ourselves, what will our future be like? What will the future of our  children, our grandchildren, and those yet unborn be like? Well, we  want to stand up today for H.R. 1, for H.R. 4, so we leave them with a  better future.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee for giving me  the opportunity to speak tonight.   