 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas  for spearheading this Special Order hour and for giving me an  opportunity to share a few of my remarks.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today optimistic, optimistic that our country is  on the verge of taking a historic step forward for all of our  communities. The Build Back Better Act is a once-in-a-generation  investment in our country as a whole and in Black Americans,  specifically. For too long, our country's institutions have been  apathetic and even adversarial toward Black people. Four hundred years  of slavery, Jim Crow, mass incarceration, and other forms of systemic  violence have trapped Black Americans in a vicious cycle from which it  can be nearly impossible to break.   The Build Back Better Act will not instantly remedy four centuries of  that pain and hardship, but it is a crucial starting point. Through  revitalizing infrastructure and funding essential social services, the  President's agenda will set the next generation of Black Americans up  for success.   Building back better means directly confronting the Black mental  health crisis. This bill would fund universal childcare and pre-K,  allowing Black mothers to return to the workforce while giving Black  children the early childhood care that they need.   Building back better means giving those same Black children safe  places to grow up, to learn, and to thrive. We will do that by making  the single-largest housing investment in our Nation's history.   Building back better means ensuring those very same children have  long, successful lives. That is why the bill invests billions of  dollars into historically Black colleges and universities. This is new  money on top of our annual funding of HBCUs.   Many of us in this Chamber today, myself included, wanted more out of  the Build Back Better Act. No, this bill is not perfect, and much more  work will remain to be done after its passage. This does not change the  fact, however, that the Build Back Better Act represents monumental  progress for our country; progress for everyday Americans; progress for  elder Americans; progress for children in America; progress for working  Americans; and, yes, progress for African Americans and other  minorities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my wonderful colleagues to support the  Build Back Better Act.   