 Madam President, since day one of this  administration, President Biden has made it abundantly clear that he is  not interested in the opinion of anyone who poses a threat to his so- called transformative political agenda.   During his first 3 days in office, he signed 30 Executive orders and  actions that embraced radical environmental policies, destroyed  thousands of jobs associated with the Keystone Pipeline, and  transformed our southern border into a war zone.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle jumped on board with a  reckless plan to borrow and spend their way into economic oblivion.  They made it clear that despite having no mandate from the American  people and no meaningful buy-in from Republicans, they are willing to  do whatever it takes to transform this country into a wasteland defined  by debt, dependency, and total government control.   They are alone in this; and for the past 9 months, that is the way  the Democrats have really wanted it to be, at least until recently,  when it became, oh, yes, politically inconvenient.   Lately, my Democratic colleagues have burned a lot of political  capital, insisting that Republicans must come back to the table to help  them raise the debt limit and avoid a doomsday scenario.   That is right. They are the party of party-line votes, and they can't  find it within themselves to finance the cost of their very own  reckless spending plan.  [[Page S6606]]    Why this sudden shift in sentiment?   The answer is simple. It is because they know that what they are  doing is indefensible. They don't want to own this. They don't want to  have to explain to their children and their grandchildren who are now  stuck with the tab.   What are they going to say when their grandchild says: Why does the  Federal Government take most of my money?   Well, it is because of their spending.   I don't blame them. If the Democrats have it their way, the national  debt will hit more than $40 trillion by the end of the decade. That is  correct, $40 trillion.   The American people can already feel the effects of this inflationary  spending every time they go to the grocery store and every time they go  to the gas pump. It looks like that inflation is going to be with us  until the end of the Biden Presidency.   They have also noticed that our supply chains are running thin. As we  speak, Democrats are negotiating the largest package of tax increases  in decades. And contrary to the spin from the White House, those tax  increases will hit small businesses and hard-working taxpayers.   Now, let's be clear. This all happened according to plan. It is  intentional. But here is the problem: My colleagues on the other side  of the aisle are realizing that all those persuadable voters they won  in 2020 are having buyer's remorse.   They realize this is intentional by the Democrats. They may have  voted for President Biden, but, as they tell me, they did not vote for  this.   The Democrats have made a mess and, I'll tell you what, they did it  in record time. The only option that they have left is to find a friend  to try to share the blame.   I will play no part in facilitating this radical socialist agenda.   I would say to my Democratic colleagues: You have known for a long  time that this day was coming, and yet you were content to squander  your power on a unilateral, multitrillion-dollar agenda for which you  have no mandate and you can't pay for. Leader McConnell did not do this  to you. Donald Trump did not do this to you. This is, indeed, an  emergency of your own creation. Elections have consequences. As such,  you control the entire government, and there is no one standing in your  way. You chose to govern alone, and, fortunately, you have all the  tools you need to do your duty and address the debt limit right by  yourselves. The time for manipulation and spin is over.   I yield the floor.   