 Madam Speaker, I thank Dr. Foxx for yielding me  time to speak on this important issue.   As a mother and a physician, I understand the tremendous value that  nursing an infant brings both to the mother and the child.   As the director of the Iowa Department of Public Health, I attended  conferences and spoke on the need to encourage mothers to consider  breastfeeding and the benefits of breastfeeding, be they nutritional,  immunological, or the tremendous bond that occurs through  breastfeeding.   It is also why, despite being a working mother who was doing a  general surgery internship and ophthalmology residency, I breast-fed  both of my children. Because I was a working mother, that included  expressing breast milk by pumping.   I understand and I am supportive of the collaboration between  employers and nursing mothers to have a private place to do so at their  place of employment. I recognize that H.R. 3110 is trying to address  this issue and provide accommodations for nursing mothers, which I  wholeheartedly support, however, I feel the bill needs improvement.   As it stands, H.R. 3110 puts a one-size-fits-all treatment of nursing  accommodations for different businesses and industries. The bill also  puts excessive penalties for minor or technical violations of the  nursing-accommodation requirements in the Fair Labor Standards Act.   These unreasonable penalties, combined with compliance challenges  posed by the mandate, will lead to costly and protracted lawsuits  because of their adversarial nature.   The result will be delayed accommodations for working mothers. Rather  than a collaborative arrangement between an employer and a nursing  mother employee, this bill is punitive in nature.   To address laws and H.R. 3110 and build on current law protections  for nursing mothers, I submitted my bill, H.R. 4297, the Supporting  Working Mothers Act, to the Rules Committee as an amendment.   My bill is based on legislation introduced in a previous Congress by  the sponsor of the bill we are debating today. Unfortunately, the  majority refused to allow my amendment to even be debated on the floor.   My amendment represents a workable, feasible, and reasonable approach  to the Fair Labor Standards Act nursing-accommodation requirements.   First, my amendment would have modified current law by providing  coverage to white collar executive, administrative, and professional  employees, while also maintaining current law coverage of hourly  employees. My bill also preserved the 50-employee undue hardship  exemption threshold as a safeguard for small businesses.   These provisions would ensure coverage for over 80 percent of the  women who are not currently covered by the Fair Labor Standards Act  nursing-accommodation requirement.   The bill we are debating today, H.R. 3110, significantly increases  the penalties for employer violations that are required for  breastfeeding accommodations, regardless of attempts at compliance.   These penalties are disproportionate to the technical and  unintentional Fair Labor Standards Act violations which could occur  under this bill.   My amendment would have preserved the authority of the Secretary of  Labor to provide injunctive relief to address shortcomings and  accommodations and assessable monetary penalties for repeat violations.   However--and this is critical--my amendment also includes a provision  establishing a collaborative process for employees and employers to  create and improve accommodations in a timely fashion without relying  on time consuming and expensive lawsuits.   Because workplaces are not one size fits all, it is critical that  legislation on nursing accommodations provide clear requirements that  are adaptable to many kinds of workplaces, so that employers understand  their obligations and are able to comply.   Again, given my strong support of breastfeeding, pumping, and storing  of breast milk, I am very disappointed that my amendment was not ruled  in order by the majority and that Congress did not take this  opportunity to address the flaws in H.R. 3110.   