 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the  nomination of Lucy H. Koh to serve as a judge on the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.   Judge Koh is a highly respected member of the Federal judiciary and  has served California well throughout her career. She would be a  welcome addition to the Ninth Circuit bench.   I have long supported Judge Koh and am pleased that the Senate will  soon be considering her nomination. I recommended Judge Koh for a seat  on the Ninth Circuit back in 2016 and was pleased that President Obama  nominated her at that time. And I was disappointed that she did not  receive a vote on the Senate floor, even though she received strong  bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee, which favorably reported  her nomination.   I am pleased that Judge Koh was among the first circuit court  nominees announced by President Biden earlier this year. Her  credentials are undeniably impressive. She received her undergraduate  degree from Harvard College in 1990, and her law degree from Harvard  Law School in 1993.   Judge Koh spent several years early in her career in public service,  first as a legal fellow on the Senate Judiciary Committee's Immigration  Subcommittee and then with the Department of Justice. Among her  achievements while at the Justice Department, Judge Koh received an  award from the FBI for ``Demonstrated Excellence in Prosecuting a Major  Fraud Case.''   She then brought her skills to the private sector, spending nearly a  decade in private practice in Palo Alto, CA, where she became a  distinguished intellectual property lawyer working on patent, trade  secret, and commercial civil litigation. In 2008, she was appointed by  California's then-Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican, to  serve as a judge on the California Superior Court for Santa Clara  County.   In 2010, President Obama nominated her to serve as a Federal district  judge on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of  California. The Senate voted unanimously, 90 to 0, to confirm her to  that position. She has served with distinction as a Federal district  judge for more than a decade.   Judge Koh has excelled throughout her career as a Federal prosecutor,  in private practice, and as both a state and Federal judge. I have no  doubt that she will continue to excel if she is confirmed to the Ninth  Circuit.   Judge Koh has received bipartisan support each time her nomination  has come before the Senate, including a bipartisan vote earlier this  year in the Judiciary Committee. I urge all of my colleagues to support  her nomination.   