 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. There are serious votes,  and then there are messaging votes. A messaging vote is designed for  attack ads.   That is exactly what we saw on the floor yesterday. The motion to  recommit, a parliamentary action, has been turned into a dishonest  attack and framed as a vote against the security of Israel.   I am a Democrat, and I remain firm in my commitment and appreciation  for Israel's legitimate right to self-defense, and I remind everyone  again that the motion to recommit just sends the bill back to  committee.   According to the memorandum of understanding between Israel and the  United States reached in 2016, for fiscal years 2019 through 2028, the  United States is expected to provide $500 million every year for  missile defense. That has not changed.   Funding for the Iron Dome was never in jeopardy. In fact, President  Biden has pledged to replenish the Iron Dome funding system, and  Congress will approve it following the correct legislative action.   A motion to recommit is a procedural vote that sends a bill back to  committee. That is all it does. My Republican colleagues have shown  time and time again that when we have to take actual votes, they vote  against Israel.  [[Page H5111]]     Mr. Speaker, on July 1 the Appropriations Committee voted  on H.R. 4373, which contains the bulk of Israel aid, $3.3 billion in  security assistance. Every Republican voted ``no.''   On July 13, the Appropriations Committee voted on H.R. 4432, which  includes $500 million in missile defense. Every Republican voted  ``no.''   So let's be honest about what is happening here. We have consistently  voted to support our allies in Israel.   I end by saying, being pro-Israel and expressing concern for  Palestinian rights are not mutually exclusive. I will continue to  challenge myself and my colleagues and ask the difficult questions in  an effort to work toward a solution. I urge a ``yes'' vote.   