 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the resolution of  disapproval on the Trump EPA's methane policy rule.   This resolution we have in front of us today is nothing more than  political posturing, I believe. Ironically, the Democrats are targeting  natural gas for blame when methane emissions have actually fallen.  According to EPA data, natural gas systems in the United States reduced  their overall methane emissions by nearly 16 percent between 1990 and  2019. It is widely recognized that the shale gas boom led to  significant greenhouse gas emissions reductions across our power  sector.   Some climate change advocates, including those in Washington, want to  ban oil and gas production and use, and they oppose the maintenance and  expansion of our pipelines in this country. The CRA is part of that  effort, I believe.   The CRA is part of a plan to double down on an industry that the  Biden administration--obviously, from the day the President took  office--does not support. Just yesterday, the Biden administration's  Office of Management and Budget issued a Statement of Administration  Policy on the resolution we are considering today. The statement does  not hide the disdain that the administration has toward the oil and gas  sector. The statement presents a laundry list of alleged harms to  Americans from the oil and gas industry and none of the benefits. It  doesn't mention that, as our natural gas production and use have gone  up, our country's overall greenhouse gas emissions have gone down. It  does not talk about the wage gap between natural gas sector jobs and  so-called green jobs.   As POLITICO reported this week, ``The median wage for solar workers  is $24.48 an hour compared with $30.33 for those employed by the  natural gas sector, which amounts to a roughly $12,000 annual wage  gap.''   In yesterday's statement, the administration showed its cards for its  next step. The passage of this resolution would lay the groundwork for  a planned regulatory war on oil and gas.   According to the administration, today's resolution ``clear[s] the  pathway for EPA to evaluate opportunities to promulgate even stronger  standards under section 111 of the Clean Air Act to address dangerous  methane and other pollution from both new and existing sources across  the oil and gas sector.''   That is right. They want to come forward with even stronger clean air  regulations on the sector than the Obama administration did. But before  even starting a rulemaking to ask for public comments, the Biden  administration has made up its mind to regulate much more aggressively.  I guess I am not really surprised. Now it is time; it is just waiting  to identify the best opportunities to do so.   We shouldn't demonize an industry that is part of the lifeblood of  our economy. We should celebrate the emission-reduction accomplishments  and look for ways to further incentivize those. Let's focus on  solutions that address our climate challenges without destroying the  economic engines of growth, solutions that don't pick winners and  losers.   The market is pushing industry to lower its methane emissions. And  for those still flaring gas, one way to reduce flaring is to build out  our pipeline infrastructure so they can get the gas--the very commodity  they are trying to produce and sell--to the market.   So let's come up with solutions that actually help protect our planet  and don't overregulate industry for political points, solutions like  improving the environmental review and permitting processes so that we  can complete these pipeline projects more efficiently and cleaner.   I urge my colleagues to vote against the resolution, and I urge my  colleagues to focus on real, unifying solutions.   I yield the floor.   