 If we are quiet, we will be quick.  [[Page S1803]]    I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together and  help ensure that our Nation's hospitals, nursing homes, physicians, and  other healthcare providers have the support they need to get through  the COVID-19 pandemic.   This substitute amendment that Senator Collins and I are offering is  a compromise that delays the Medicare payment cuts through December 31  and ensures that the cost of this delay is paid for.   I hope you will support it.   Senator Collins.    Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to come together and help ensure that our  Nation's hospitals, nursing homes, physicians, and other healthcare  providers have the financial support they need to get through the  COVID-19 pandemic.   On March 25, 2020, this body came together and passed the CARES Act,  by a 96-0 vote--exactly 1 year ago today.   The CARES Act helped to provide the resources needed to ramp up  testing and vaccine development, ensure that small businesses would  have support to continue to pay their workers, and provide much-needed  financial relief for healthcare providers on the frontlines of this  pandemic.   A year later, we can start to see the light at the end of the very  long tunnel that is this public health crisis. More than 100 million  doses of COVID-19 vaccines have been administered across the country.  And we are starting to see job growth as more companies start hiring  again.   However, with hundreds of millions of Americans still needing to be  vaccinated and the threat of COVID-19 variants still looming, we need  to continue to support our frontline healthcare providers and help keep  them financially strong for the months ahead.   That is why Senator Collins and I came together to introduce the  Medicare Sequester Relief Act, a bill that would suspend the 2 percent  Medicare payment cuts that are scheduled to hit healthcare providers  starting on April 1.   As a result of the CARES Act and through subsequent relief measures,  these payment cuts have been suspended through March 31, and they need  to be suspended again.   With American hospitals and nursing homes projecting tens of billions  of dollars in additional financial losses this year due to the COVID-19  crisis, we need to continue to avert these Medicare payment cuts until  we are further past the worst of the pandemic.   The substitute amendment that Senator Collins and I are offering  today is a reasonable compromise. It delays the Medicare payment cuts  through December 31. And it ensures that the cost of this delay is paid  for, so that we do not increase the Federal budget deficit.   This week, I heard from Wentworth-Douglass Hospital in Dover, NH.   They highlighted that this legislation would result in $2.1 million  in desperately needed additional revenue for the hospital.   The hospital's chief financial officer, Peter Walcek told me: ``These  are real dollars supporting our organization's recovery from tens of  millions in lost revenue and added costs during the pandemic. . . . By  passing a continued moratorium through 2021, Wentworth-Douglass will be  in a better place to care for those in need and respond to any future  crisis affecting the health of our community.''   I also heard about the importance of Medicare sequester relief for  New Hampshire nursing homes. Patricia Ramsey, from the Edgewood Centre  nursing facility in Portsmouth, NH, said ``the Medicare sequestration  suspension, although not a cure, will help us mitigate the added  operating expenses and losses we continue to experience, especially  with the exacerbated workforce shortage.''   I have heard stories like these from so many healthcare providers  across New Hampshire, and I believe there are healthcare providers in  each of our communities that would share similar stories.   We need to provide them with more financial support so that they can  be there to care for patients, as we continue to make progress in  combating this pandemic.   We cannot allow our hospitals and healthcare providers to go under as  we fight through the worst public health crisis of our lifetimes.   I urge my colleagues to come together again, like we did in the CARES  Act, and support this legislation when it comes up for a vote today.   Thank you.   