 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  Senators Lujan, Carper, and myself be allowed to complete our remarks  before the rollcall vote.    Thank you, Madam President.   The southern border. The situation at our southern border has  devolved into chaos. That is what I am hearing from some of my former  House colleagues who have been on that border today.   According to them, we are once again facing a crisis. Thirteen days  ago, Customs and Border Protection announced that they were deploying  more agents to help manage the spike and apprehensions of adults and  unaccompanied alien children.   Then, last Monday, news broke that Homeland Security Secretary  Alejandro Mayorkas had sent an email to DHS staff begging for  volunteers to go to the border and help with logistics and humanitarian  aid.   It is obvious they need help on the border. In January alone, the  Customs and Border Patrol detained nearly 78,000 people--more than  double the number of apprehensions in January of 2020.   In February, that number jumped to more than 100,000 arrests and  detentions. CBP took more than 9,000 unaccompanied minors into custody  that month, prompting the administration to open two overflow detention  centers to house them.   Listen to these numbers: 100,000 arrests and detentions in February;  9,000 unaccompanied minors being taken into custody that month--having  to open 2 overflow detention centers.   New data released last Wednesday shows that our agents are now  detaining more than 4,000 people along the border every single day-- 4,000 every day.   Our facilities and resources are exhausted, and so are the agents  responsible for controlling this out-of-control situation.   It did not have to be this way. Secretary Mayorkas has accused the  Trump administration of ``dismantling our Nation's immigration  system.'' That is his quote. But if he wants to know who is really  responsible, he should look to the current White House.   I have stated time and again how disastrous President Biden's policy  of governing by Executive fiat has been. Thirty-four Executive orders  in his first 50 days--34.   Also, he has suspended construction of the border wall, jeopardizing  our national security. He has embraced DACA. He halted most  deportations. He cut domestic immigration arrests by 60 percent and  dismantled the migrant protection protocols.   This administration threw our existing immigration law out the window  and let the world know that when it comes to illegal entry, not only  will we look the other way, this administration is encouraging them to  come. Even their Cabinet nominees are playing by these new rules of  encouraging individuals to break our laws, to come to the country  illegally. They are encouraging this.   Last week, this Chamber voted to discharge Xavier Becerra's  nomination from committee. I voted no. He is one of the most flagrant  offenders out there when it comes to sending these signals. He has  openly admitted he would like to decriminalize illegal entry and offer  Medicaid to anyone who manages to get across the border.   They have made a lot of promises that they know they are not going to  be able to live up to, and now they are trying to walk it all  back, walk back the hope that sparked in thousands of people because  they have heard that the border was going to be open. They are even  wearing the T-shirts with the slogan, ``Biden, let us in.''    They are going to have to walk back the mess that is there on the  border, and I am fearful and concerned that their walk-backs are not  going to work because from what we are hearing about the border, they  have lost control of that border.   I look forward to traveling to the border for a briefing on the  situation. This administration does not want their critics to see what  is happening down there. There are days you would think they have got a  news blackout going at the border.   This isn't just a problem in Texas or California or Arizona or New  Mexico. Every town is a border town and every State is a border State  because of the drugs, the human trafficking, sex trafficking, and gangs  that are streaming across our border.   You know, it means that no matter how hard you try, you can't hide  the tragedy that inevitably unfolds when your immigration policy is to  have zero immigration policy at all, just open the border and let them  come.   I yield the floor.   