 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Hartzler for  putting this together. I appreciate the opportunity in making sure the  people in the country understand what is in this bill.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5, the so-called Equality  Act. The reality of this bill is anything but equal. It is nothing more  than a thinly veiled attempt to force unreasonable mandates on our  institutions and restrict the liberties of the American people.   If this becomes law, Americans can expect government-imposed limits  on the free exercise of religious liberty, businesses forced to cover  the costs of abortions, and medical providers required to perform  abortions, even if it conflicts with their deeply held beliefs.   Unfortunately, this is just the tip of the iceberg. So today, I rise  to speak on behalf of pro-life Americans in my district and across the  country who fear this legislation will be manipulated by the radical  left to impose its will and create a right to abortion right up to the  moment of birth.   Madam Speaker, a majority of Americans support at least some  restrictions on abortion, including making sure taxpayer funds are not  used to fund abortions. Instead of respecting the rights of all  Americans, this bill will impose a top-down abortion mandate that  interferes with the State and Federal laws that protect the right to  life and will force doctors, nurses, and other medical providers to  participate in abortion procedures, even if it goes against their own  sincerely held beliefs.   The previous administration made great strides in protecting  religious freedom and the liberties of all Americans. Unfortunately,  the new administration does not seem to value those cherished beliefs.   This bill will relegate the pro-life view to discrimination, redefine  gender, and require faith-based employers to pay for abortion in their  insurance offerings.   Madam Speaker, I oppose this legislation on behalf of the unborn who  do not have a voice. I oppose this legislation on behalf of my  constituents, many of whom hold beliefs that are in conflict with this  bill's radical ideology. And I oppose this bill on behalf of the  millions of Americans who know that life is a God-given gift worth  fighting for.   Madam Speaker, I oppose this bill and ask Members to do the same.   