 Madam Speaker, to my Democrat colleagues, to  my Republican colleagues, to my district back home in Georgia 14, to  the American people, to my mom and dad, and to my husband and my  children:   I have been here for 1 month and 1 day, and I have gotten to know  part of my conference--my Republican colleagues--but not even all of  them yet. I haven't gotten to know any of my Democrat colleagues, and I  haven't had any conversations with any of you to tell you who I am and  what I am about. You only know me by how Media Matters, CNN, MSNBC, and  the rest of the mainstream media is portraying me.   What you don't know about me is that I am a very proud wife of almost  25 years and that I am a mother of three children. I consider being a  mother the greatest blessing of my life and the greatest thing that I  will ever achieve. I am proudly the first person to graduate college in  my family, making my parents very happy and proud. I am also a very  successful businessowner. We have grown our company from one State to  11 States. I am a very hard worker. I have always paid my taxes. I have  never been arrested. I have never done drugs. But I have gotten a few  speeding tickets in my day.   What you need to know about me is I am a very regular American, just  like the people I represent in my district and most people across the  country. I never, ever considered to run for Congress or even get  involved in politics. As a matter of fact, I wasn't a political person  until I found a candidate that I really liked, and his name is Donald  J. Trump, when he ran for President.   To me, he was someone I could relate to, someone that I enjoyed his  plain talk; not the offensive things, but just the way he talked  normally. And I thought, finally, maybe this is someone who will do  something about the things that deeply bother me, like the fact that we  are so deeply in debt, that our country has murdered over 62 million  people in the womb, that our borders are open and some of my friends  have had their children murdered by illegal aliens. Or perhaps that  maybe we can stop sending our sons and daughters to fight in foreign  wars and be used as the world's police basically. Or maybe that our  Government would stand up for our American businesses and our American  jobs and make the American people and the American taxpayers their  focus. These are the things that I care about deeply.  [[Page H341]]    So when we elected President Trump, and then I started seeing things  in the news that didn't make sense to me--like Russian collusion, which  are conspiracy theories also and have been proven so--these things  bothered me deeply. I realized that just watching CNN or FOX News, I  may not find the truth.   So what I did was I started looking up things on the internet, asking  questions, like most people do every day, use Google. I stumbled across  something--and this was at the end of 2017--called QAnon. Well, these  posts were mainly about this Russian collusion information. A lot of it  was some of what I would see on the news at night, and I got very  interested in it. So I posted about it on Facebook, I read about it, I  talked about it, I asked questions about it. And then more information  came from it.   But, you see, here's the problem: Throughout 2018, I was upset about  things and didn't trust the Government really because the people here  weren't doing the things that I thought they should be doing for us,  the things that I just told you I cared about. And I want you to know  that a lot of Americans don't trust our Government, and that is sad.  The problem with that is, though, I was allowed to believe things that  weren't true, and I would ask questions about them and talk about them.   And that is absolutely what I regret because, if it weren't for the  Facebook posts and comments that I liked in 2018, I wouldn't be  standing here today and you couldn't point a finger and accuse me of  anything wrong, because I have lived a very good life that I am proud  of, my family is proud of, my husband is proud of, my children are  proud of. And that is what my district elected me for.   So later in 2018, when I started finding misinformation, lies, things  that were not true in these QAnon posts, I stopped believing it. And I  want to tell you--and I say this to everyone--any source of information  that is a mix of truth and a mix of lies is dangerous, no matter what  it is saying, what party it is helping, anything, or any country it is  about. It is dangerous. And these are the things that happen on the  left and the right. And it is a true problem in our country.   So I walked away from those things and I decided that I am going to  do what I have done all my life: I am going to work hard and try to  solve the problems that I am upset about. So I started getting involved  in politics.   You see, school shootings are absolutely real. Every child that is  lost, those families mourn it. I understand how terrible it is because  when I was 16 years old, in 11th grade, my school was a gun-free school  zone, and one of my schoolmates brought guns to school and took our  entire school hostage, and that happened right down the hall from my  classroom. I know the fear that David Hogg had that day. I know the  fear that these kids have. And I say this sincerely with all my heart  because I love our kids, every single one of your children, all of our  children: This is why I truly believe that children at school should  never be left unprotected. I believe they should be just as protected  as we were with 30,000 National Guardsmen. Our children are our future  and they are our most precious resource.   I also want to tell you that 9/11 absolutely happened. I remember  that day, crying all day long, watching it on the news. And it is a  tragedy for anyone to say it didn't happen. So I definitely want to  tell you that I do not believe that it is fake.    I also want to tell you that we have to do better. You see, big media  companies can take teeny tiny pieces of words that I have said, that  you have said, any of us have said, and can portray us into someone  that we are not, and that is wrong.   Cancel culture is a real thing. It is very real. And with big tech  companies like Twitter, you can scroll through and see where someone  may have retweeted porn. This is a problem. This is a terrible,  terrible thing. Yet when I say that I absolutely believe with all my  heart that God's creation is he created the male and female and that  should not be denied, when I am censored for saying those type of  things, that is wrong.   You see, here's the real situation: I decided to run for Congress  because I wanted to help our country. I want Americans to have our  American Dream. I want to protect our freedoms. This is what I ran for  Congress on.   I never once said QAnon during my entire campaign. I never once said  during my campaign any of the things that I am being accused of today.  I never said any of these things since I have been elected for  Congress. These were words of the past. These things do not represent  me. They do not represent my district. They do not represent my values.   Here's what I can tell you: I am beyond grateful for this  opportunity. And I will tell you why. I believe in God with all my  heart. I am so grateful to be humbled, to be reminded that I am a  sinner and that Jesus died on the cross to forgive me for my sins. This  is something that I absolutely rejoice in today to tell you all. I  think it is important for all of us to remember that none of us are  perfect. None of us are. None of us can even come close to earning our  way into Heaven just by our acts and our works, but it is only through  the grace of God.   This is why I will tell you as a Member of this Congress--the 117th  Congress: I am a passionate person. I am a competitor. I am a fighter.  I will work with you for good things for the people of this country.   But the things I will not stand for is abortion. I think it is the  worst thing this country has ever committed. And if we are to say, ``In  God we trust,'' how do we murder God's creation in the womb?   Another thing I will say to this body is I want to work with all of  you for our people. It should be America first always. Always. There is  nothing wrong with that.   If this Congress is to tolerate Members that condone riots that have  hurt American people, attacked police officers, occupied Federal  property, burned businesses and cities, yet wants to condemn me and  crucify me in the public square for words that I said--and I regret--a  few years ago, then I think we are in a real big problem, a very big  problem.   What shall we do as Americans? Shall we stay divided like this? Will  we allow the media, that is just as guilty as QAnon of presenting truth  and lies, to divide us? Will we allow ourselves to be addicted to hate  and hating one another?   I hope not, because that is not the future I want for my children and  it is not the future I want for any of your children.   