 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is nice to see you in the Chair, Mr.  President. I haven't seen that for a while. Congratulations to you.   I feel like yesterday I was in the movie ``Back to the Future.'' I  rise today to voice my deep concern with the lengthy Executive order  that President Biden issued yesterday pertaining to climate, and my  larger concerns about where the Biden administration is moving with  regard to their energy and environment agenda.   President Biden, very passionately, as we sat out on the steps,  called for unity in his January 20 inauguration speech. But as his  first actions, President Biden managed to kill thousands of jobs and  paralyze America's industry--the energy industry.   His order yesterday put a moratorium on new oil and gas leases on  Federal lands. This is an economic, energy, and national security  disaster, in my view. This order moves America from energy independence  back to relying on foreign sources for fuel--and a lot of times these  are the countries that have much more lax environmental policies than  we have right here in the United States.   The order also usurps our States' rights--the States' rights which  are to manage their own energy industries.   As you know, I come from an energy-producing State. We have a proud  heritage of that. So what about the States that rely on tax revenues  from the energy industry to fund education? We see what has happened  with education now under the pandemic. More headwinds into how do we  deliver a great education product is a question we are going to be  answering over the next several months and years. So any ideas?   I wonder if President Biden actually talked to any of the Governors  of these States to see what the impact of what he was doing might have.   But what we saw yesterday in the press conference was President Biden  and Gina McCarthy and John Kerry's ultimate goal, which is to ban  fossil fuels. They were pretty upfront about that.   So my skepticism, when I hear that the administration is going to  give industry time to transition and give workers a clean energy job-- that is where I found myself thinking: I am in ``Back to the Future.''  I have heard this before because I vividly remember the empty promises  of the past.   This is a deeply personal issue for me because I have lived through  this. I have seen this playbook before. So we are back to the future.   The Obama administration said the very same things to West  Virginians. In fact, I remember the same people saying the same things,  and I remember the utterly unachievable regulatory requirements that  Gina McCarthy created in her position as head of the EPA that decimated  my State.   I remember the thousands of jobs lost--and still lost--and the  hopelessness and then the succeeding opioid epidemic that followed.   I remember begging the Obama EPA to come to West Virginia to see how  the regulations, with no time to transition, were destroying more of  our State's economy. They were destroying our families. They really  didn't seem to care. The only response I got in one of my hearings was,  well, they will come to Pittsburgh. Well, that is not coming to West  Virginia.   Look, I am not here to just put down the Biden administration. I want  to work with the administration, and I am going to be in a position to  do that as ranking member on EPW. I want to be a part of the solution.  I am not a climate denier. We all need to take care of our planet. We  must be good stewards of our Earth, of our water. We know it is the  right thing to do.   The free market is already moving in that direction, which was part  of the presentation yesterday. Private companies are cutting their  emissions. That is awesome. And as we see the emission figures, they  have gone way down over the last 15 years.   Consumers moving toward greener products? That is great. I find  myself doing that in my everyday living, and it is great. I feel like,  in some ways, I am doing my small part at home.   But a national energy transition really needs time, and the Biden  administration needs to be very clear about what their timetables  really are.   They also need to be very clear about who is really in charge here.  This is another one of my concerns. President Biden's nominees--Michael  Regan; Jennifer Granholm; Brenda Mallory, at CEQ, Janet McCabe; and  even Pete Buttigieg--have all been tasked with addressing climate. They  are going to be tripping all over each other, before you even consider  those avoiding Senate confirmation, process all of this together-- McCarthy, Kerry, and a whole host of other czars who aren't accountable  to Congress. So who is really going to be making the decisions? I  think, from yesterday's press conference, it is pretty clear what the  answer to that question could probably be.   Will this Cabinet actually wield any power or will the decisions be  made in the White House in an effort to avoid public and congressional  scrutiny?  [[Page S188]]    The American people really need to know. West Virginians need to  know. New Jerseyans need to know. I will definitely be asking those  questions in the upcoming hearing.   In closing, I would just like to say that America is a great and very  proud energy producer. West Virginia has powered the country for  decades, and we are incredibly proud of that fact. Coal, natural gas,  oil, solar, wind, nuclear, biomass--our country has been incredibly  blessed with energy resources, and using all of them keeps Americans  safe and keeps our country running.   Eliminating fossil fuels from our energy mix will lead to higher  utility costs and less reliability. So whom does that really hurt? It  hurts those in the lower and mid-income category--the ones that are  hurting right now because of this pandemic. And you can just ask  California about the rising cost and the rise in unreliability of the  grid.   Renewables can't power our country at 100 percent all the time right  now. Maybe in the future, but right now they can't, and battery  technology hasn't been able to fill that gap.   But we can address climate change together through innovation and  technology. We already have new markets for coal and carbon products.  We know investing in carbon capture and utilization and storage is  critical. For a lot of reasons it is a win-win on both sides. We know  new technologies are progressing every single day, and we have been  working on this issue in a bipartisan way. Senator Whitehouse and I  were the main proponents of the 45Q credit for capturing carbon and  reusing it.   But I am very concerned that President Biden's Executive order  yesterday really alienated some of the key players in the conversation,  and I don't think that is the way to build unity. Here we go--back to  the future, picking winners and losers. That is pitting American jobs  against one and the other, and that can create and will create  resentment across the country.   So I urge the President--let's tackle these climate challenges  together, not through overreaching Presidential orders and Federal  regulations. This country has risen to every single challenge that we  have had. This climate challenge is no different. I understand the  urgency. I understand the issue. But with our American ingenuity, we  can find these solutions together.   So let's make our future one that we build together.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   