 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from  Arizona.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the ongoing crisis happening at  our southern border. Since President Biden took office, he has stopped  building the wall, brought back catch and release, and ended the remain  in Mexico policy.   As a result, this administration has created the worst humanitarian,  national security, and public health crisis ever seen at our Nation's  southern border.   In the past 3 months, each month, we have seen more than 170,000  border encounters, a new 21-year high, totaling over half a million  illegal border crossings. These numbers are resulting in overcrowded  shelters, human trafficking, drug smuggling, and violence.   In addition, the surge of unaccompanied children coming across the  border shows no signs of slowing down.   In June, the number of children arriving daily rose to 530. A journey  like this is not only unsafe; it could lead to sexual exploitation or  forced labor.   Despite the continuing increase of border encounters each month,  House Democrats want to defund Customs and Border Protection and  Immigration and Customs Enforcement by nearly $1 billion. Our CBP, ICE,  and DHS officers have been putting their lives at risk protecting  Americans. Calling to defund them during the worst immigration crisis  in U.S. modern history is deeply troubling.   Mr. Speaker, the open border rhetoric from the Biden administration  has encouraged hundreds of thousands of people to make the dangerous  trek to the U.S. We must secure the border. We must protect our border  cities. We must support the men and women who honorably protect our  border. We must end this heartbreaking crisis.   In addition to the immigration crisis that we are seeing on the  southern border, we are now dealing with a COVID crisis that is not  being addressed. The number of individuals crossing into this country  with COVID has increased exponentially.   These individuals are not being tested. They are not being offered  vaccinations. They are being put on buses and shipped across this  country.   With the number of cases on the increase, it is imperative that this  administration addresses the border crisis issue immediately.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank my colleague from Arizona.    I had not heard that, so that is incredibly  interesting information.   I think that with the mandates that are being put in place by the  administration, asking for vaccinations of Federal employees,  vaccinations of our military, how about we test and vaccinate people  who are illegally coming into this country if we are going to ship them  all over the U.S.?    It is an incredible irony.   I will say I appreciate this whistleblower coming forward and  providing that information to us because you are right, we are not  being given accurate or timely information about what is happening on  the border currently.    I guess it remains to be seen.   