 Madam President, I know that some of my colleagues  have been talking about schools, getting children back to school,  getting schools reopened. Indeed, in Tennessee, that is a topic that  has received a good bit of conversation. All but two of our school  systems have been open and working this entire school year, and those  other two systems have recently reopened since the first of the year.  Our school superintendents, our directors of school, our parents, our  teachers, and the students have all worked together as a team--a solid,  cohesive team--to make this happen.   I think there are two main points that we have seen, and as we are  holding meetings with our county elected officials and city officials  and as they talk about the efforts that they have made in getting  children back into the classroom, we hear a lot about one point. That  is that our Governor, Tennessee Governor Bill Lee, made it clear that  the school districts would be responsible for the ``how'' they were  going to open and the ``when'' they would be reopening. I really thank  him for listening and recognizing that local officials and individuals  in the community really do know what is best for their school districts  and their students.   The second point is that these plans didn't just drop out of the sky.  As I said, this has been a team effort in our communities, and it has  happened because there was this agreement between the administrators  and the parents and the teachers that they were going to make decisions  that were going to be best for the children. So when you look at  Tennessee and how they have approached this--indeed, the schools  reopening and how they proceeded--it was done with the children in  mind.   Last week, I had the privilege of speaking with school administrators  from West Tennessee, who played a part in developing their own  reopening plans. I cannot adequately describe to you with the time that  we have on the floor today the amount of work and the thoughtfulness  that they put into these schedules, from health and safety  considerations, to scheduling changes, to the complicated logistics of  social distancing and cramped classrooms. They thought it all through  by walking through the day and listening to what teachers and parents  had to say as to how they would walk through this day.   They took the millions of dollars in CARES Act funding that the area  received, and what did they do with that money? They invested in the  best possible plan for these kids--no Federal mandate or sweeping  litmus test required. They said: We are going to do what is right by  these children.   Then, of course, they turned on the TV, and they saw that the Biden  administration was busy walking back their own enthusiastic scientific  guidance on safely reopening schools--walking it back--and they didn't  have to flip too many channels to figure out why. Powerful teachers  unions had taken their own stands in refusing to make a plan, in  refusing to think things through, and in some cases in refusing to go  to work at all--not doing what is best for the children but doing what  was going to serve their interests first and, in their opinions, what  would best serve their interests. That, I think, they will see were  regrettable actions.   Educators in Tennessee were not just confused by what they saw; they  were insulted because they knew exactly what was happening. On January  26, CDC officials released a study showing that, if we were careful,  safe reopening was indeed possible. Administration officials touted  that report as a light at the end of a very long COVID pandemic, but  now, just a few weeks later, those same officials are defying their own  experts, insisting that safe reopening can only happen if Congress  approves additional funding contained in the Democrats' latest,  untargeted spending bill.   Students in this country are suffering. They are lonely, they are  bored, and many of them are struggling with clinical depression and  anxiety. Teen pregnancy, teen alcohol, and suicide rates are rising.  Children need to be in in-person school.   The American Academy of Pediatrics has repeatedly stated--bear in  mind, this isn't something that I am saying; it isn't something that is  partisan; it is the American Academy of Pediatrics--that it is not only  feasible but necessary for students to be back in school, back in the  classroom, back to seeing their friends, back to participating in  extracurricular activities and sports.   I would ask my colleagues across the aisle to keep this in mind when  they hear from so-called stakeholders who are willing to hold a child's  mental health hostage in exchange for a political win that will serve  their power and their purposes and not that of the child's. They might  have powerful voices in the cable news circuit, but those sound bites  will provide you no cover back home with the teachers and  administrators who have rolled up their sleeves, have gotten to work,  and have figured out a way to get schools open for the children.   I yield the floor   