 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule.   It has been nearly a year now since the COVID-19 pandemic reached our  shores, and Iowans are still struggling. Iowans need targeted pandemic  relief.   I would have been the first to cross the aisle and compromise on  legislation that would help Iowans and Americans who are in need, but  this behemoth of a bill fails to provide targeted relief that my  constituents asked for. It forces taxpayers to bail out States that  have chronically mismanaged their budgets. It includes a $15 minimum  wage hike, which would decimate the rural economy in Iowa and destroy  the very livelihoods this bill claims to be saving. It opens the door  for taxpayer funding for abortions.   With $1 trillion from previous relief packages still unspent, this  legislation contains no guardrails to ensure new money is used on  pandemic relief this year. This legislation abdicates our  responsibility to those who need our support and to taxpayers. Voting  for this rule is a slap in the face to taxpayers, and I urge a ``no''  vote on this rule.    Mr. Speaker, Americans are crying out tonight for  targeted relief; and, instead, this bill sends money straight to  Speaker Pelosi's pet project in California, the Bay Area Rapid Transit  Silicon Valley phase 2.   How insulting to the frontline workers who still have not received a  COVID-19 vaccine, and to the mom trying to pay rent while her small  business is in danger. And what about the ER docs and nurses treating  kids rushed in for a mental health crisis?   This is Washington pork spending at its worst, the kind the Speaker  puts in for herself.   My amendment tonight would take away the Speaker's $140 million  subway carve-out and instead redirect that money to a truly essential  cause: Supporting mental health programs for students.   We have seen increasing rates of depression, anxiety, and other  mental health challenges among our kids, who have been trapped behind  screens for a year now. If we adopt the motion to recommit tonight, we  will instruct the Budget Committee to reconsider my amendment, which  would put students over subways and reject this $140 million Speaker  set-aside in favor of getting kids the mental health help they need  right now, before it is too late.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record the  text  [[Page H839]]  of my amendment immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   