 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2119,  the Family Violence Prevention and Services Improvement Act.   October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month, and now more than ever,  we must recommit ourselves to eliminating the threat of domestic  violence and ensure survivors have the support they need to heal  physically, mentally, and emotionally.   The bill before us today is the only federal funding source dedicated  to domestic violence prevention programs, and it is critical this bill  is passed to continue funding lifesaving services like emergency  shelters, counseling, and crisis hotlines for survivors and their  children.   FVPSA has been a key pillar in our nation's strategy to eradicate  domestic violence. It has made a difference in my home state. and this  bill is estimated to provide a 50 percent funding increase to $4.5  million that will undoubtedly strengthen care for survivors across  Michigan.   In addition to improving this law and increasing its resources, we  must continue working together to advance comprehensive legislative  solutions that protect Americans from the threat of domestic violence.   This issue is personal for me--I've seen it up close growing up. No  woman, no child, no person, and no family should fear for their life  because of domestic violence. That's why I am a proud co-chair of the  Bipartisan Working Group to End Domestic Violence, a group we  established in 2018 to unite members from both sides of the aisle to  achieve a common purpose: ending domestic violence.   This is not a partisan issue--it's an American issue--and I am  honored to work alongside a bipartisan coalition of members who are  just as dedicated to accomplishing this task. Our goal today, tomorrow,  and each day after will be to end domestic violence and ensure  survivors are given the support they deserve.   Earlier this year, the House also reauthorized the Violence Against  Women Act. This bill includes vital improvements to address gaps that  have been identified by survivors, and I was glad several legislative  pieces of mine were included in its reauthorization.   My Zero Tolerance for Domestic Abusers Act was again included that  would close loopholes that make it easy for domestic abusers to  purchase weapons without passing a background check. Additionally, this  bill reauthorizes the VAWA Health program at increased levels that  helps train health care providers and strengthens collaborations  between public health and domestic violence agencies. Finally, it  includes my amendment that would update how survivors of domestic  violence can obtain protection orders.   Our work is far from over. Without reauthorization of FVPSA and VAWA,  programs to help survivors are losing critical funding. We must  demonstrate that protecting and expanding resources for survivors are  top priorities. I urge all my colleagues to support me in passing this  important piece of legislation, and l call on the Senate to swiftly act  to protect survivors across the nation.   I would like to thank leadership for bringing this bill to the floor  and my colleagues, Reps. McBath, Moore, Young, and Katko for their  bipartisan work on this bill.    Madam Speaker, we lost a steadfast leader for hard- working families and people across the country in Richard Trumka.   A union worker himself, serving as the President of the United Mine  Workers of America before becoming the President of AFL-CIO, he was a  giant among labor leaders and advocates and never once backed down from  fighting for workers' rights and speaking truth to power.   A steadfast champion for income equality, stronger benefits, and  robust protections on the job, he knew that fighting for workers not  only uplifts working families but drives our economy forward.   His commitment to a fair and just society that is built upon the  foundation of a strong middle class and provides for each subsequent  generation of workers remains unparalleled.   His passing is a profound loss for this movement, but his life and  his determination serve as a role model for all of us to continue his  critical work and remain dedicated to empowering and supporting workers  and their families across the United States.   