 Mr. President, I rise today in support of General  Lloyd Austin's confirmation to be Secretary of Defense, and I urge my  colleagues to support his nomination in the vote we are about to take.   General Austin has proven through his 41-year military career that he  is extremely capable of leading our military as they confront multiple  challenges.   First, General Austin is a proven leader that will provide stability  within our military ranks. After 4 years of tumultuous leadership under  the Trump administration, our troops deserve a steady hand to lead them  in the defense of our Nation.   Moreover, our allies need a Secretary of Defense who speaks reliably  on behalf of the President.   Second, General Austin brings a wealth of experience to counter  global defense challenges. He oversaw U.S. and coalition forces in  Iraq, served as a Vice Chief of Staff of the Army where he worked to  increase diversity in the highest ranks of our military, and commanded  U.S. Central Command in its fight against ISIS and other regional  threats.   Third, General Austin's previous appointments to the Joint Staff and  as Vice Chief of Staff of the Army prepared him to tackle strategic  issues in the Department of Defense. He has committed to filling key  positions with personnel that bring civilian expertise,  [[Page S98]]  a sign he fully respects civilian control of the military.   Finally, our country faces several threats that President Biden's  administration must address immediately. General Austin's intimate  knowledge of our military will allow him to hit the ground running at  the Department and make wise investments that deter global aggressors.   I especially welcome General Austin's pledge to support our country's  pandemic response efforts, such as helping with the distribution of  vaccines nationwide. Through his leadership, the military can provide  much needed medical and logistical support to counter the COVID  pandemic.   We are facing an unprecedented set of national security challenges,  both at home and overseas. I have full confidence in General Austin's  ability to help us overcome these challenges, and I urge my colleagues  to vote in favor of his confirmation.   