 Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, right now, Democrats are hard at work  building back an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the  top. We are committed to fighting for workers. And we have big, bold  ideas to do that, like establishing national paid sick, family and  medical leave policies; rebuilding our childcare infrastructure;  raising the Federal minimum wage to $15 an hour; ending the wage gap;  and strengthening our Nation's labor laws.   But after 4 years of nonstop attacks on workers' rights, it is also  critical that we undo the damage done by the Trump administration. So I  am urging my colleagues to join me in voting to overturn a Trump  administration rule that imposed strict limits on the Equal Employment  Opportunity Commission's ability to address workplace discrimination.   The EEOC is a critical Agency. It is responsible for holding  employers accountable for following workplace discrimination laws. And  when they don't, it is one of the few places a worker can go to make  sure they get a fair hearing, accountability, and justice. But in  January, the Trump administration's Republican Commissioners voted to  finalize a rule that tipped the scales in favor of employers in EEOC's  process to settle discrimination cases.   That rule gave employers access to information about the worker's  case, but not the other way around. It made it easier for employers to  demand the identity of victims and witnesses, increasing the risk of  retaliation. And it was set to worsen the backlog of cases at the EEOC,  forcing workers to wait longer for justice. Put simply, that rule was  designed to make it easier for employers to delay or deny justice to  workers who have experienced discrimination on the job.   We cannot accept a system that is designed to let employers get away  with violating workers' rights. So we absolutely cannot let this rule  stand. Let's overturn this rule and restore a fair settlement process  for the tens of thousands of workers who file discrimination charges  with the EEOC each year.   This is a small but important step in the fight to build a more fair  and inclusive economy for all workers, and I believe every one of us  who thinks workers deserve to do their jobs free from harassment and  discrimination can support this.   Thank you.   Mr. President, I move to proceed to S.J. Res. 13.    I ask for the yeas and nays.  [[Page S2570]]    