 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise to speak in support of H.R. 172, the United  States Anti-Doping Agency Reauthorization Act, sponsored by  Representatives   Mike Thompson, Bill Johnson, and Diana DeGette.   This bill will reauthorize the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, USADA, which  is the national entity charged with administering anti-doping programs  in the United States for Olympic, Paralympic, Pan American, and Parapan  American sports.   The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency handles in-competition and out-of- competition testing, results management processes, drug reference  resources, and athlete education for all U.S. Olympic and Paralympic  Committee-recognized sport national governing bodies, their athletes,  and events.   USADA is also the administrator for the Ultimate Fighting  Championship Anti-Doping Program.   Reauthorizing this important agency will further the advancement of  clean sports, fair games, and positive sportsmanship.   I urge my colleagues to support the bill. We will be hearing from one  of my colleagues here in a moment, a colleague on the committee, Bill  Johnson.   I also want to thank the chairman for working together to get this  done today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such  time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Johnson), a  colleague and leader on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional  speakers. I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 578, the Food Allergy  Safety, Treatment, Education, and Research Act. This legislation is  bipartisan, a companion of H.R. 1202, that was led by Representatives  McHenry, Gonzalez, and  Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. McHenry), one of the leaders of this  legislation and the leader of the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional  speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 189, the John Lewis  NIMHD Research Endowment Revitalization Act, which was introduced by my  colleagues, Representatives Barragan, Carter, and Taylor.   This bill will authorize the National Institute on Minority Health  and Health Disparities to award research grants to current and former  centers of excellence that conduct research on minority health  disparities.   Health inequities are disproportionately experienced by minority  populations, and these disparities can have adverse impacts on health  outcomes, economic opportunities, and overall quality of life. The  current COVID-19 pandemic has only underscored these disparities, which  is why this bill is so important.   Continued support of these centers of excellence is critical in  advancing minority health, addressing health inequities, and expanding  educational and training opportunities for those interested in further  advancing research in this space.   I would like to thank my colleagues and especially my colleague on  the Energy and Commerce Committee on the  [[Page H1752]]  Republican side, Representative Buddy Carter, for leading this  initiative.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter), an important leader  on this legislation as well as on the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of  my time.   