 Madam President, I rise for the eighth time to call  for this entire body to have the opportunity to vote on and consider  the Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act.   This commonsense reform would ensure that people in the military who  have been subjected to sexual assault and other serious crimes get the  justice they deserve.   I ask for this vote because I want to ensure that this important  reform, which is backed by a bipartisan filibuster-proof majority of  the Senators, becomes law. If we leave this debate and this reform to  the national defense authorization committee review, I have no doubts  that that will not happen.   We all know how a bill becomes a law. It passes the Senate and the  House, and is signed by the President. And we all know how this process  can be subverted. We have seen popular provisions that have passed both  the House and the Senate be minimized, watered down, or removed in  conference altogether. And I have certainly seen good proposals killed  behind closed doors of the NDAA markup.   In 2019, I introduced a much smaller reform called Safe to Report.  That provision was designed to improve reporting rates by allowing  survivors of sexual assault to report the assault without fear of  retaliation in the form of misconduct charges for related minor  offenses, things like underage drinking or breaking a curfew.   That commonsense reform, which could have allowed more survivors to  come forward, passed in both the House and the Senate, but it was  removed in conference. We had to reintroduce the very same bill the  following year in order for it to be included and become law in the  next year, the fiscal year 2021 NDAA.   If a program focused solely on helping to make it easier for  survivors to report their assault was removed in conference, I have  little reason to believe that this once-in-a-generation reform will  survive.   Given the lack of progress we have made on sexual assault in the  military and the entrenched problems with the military justice system,  we cannot allow this widely supported reform to be left to the whims of  those working behind closed doors in conference--a process with a rich  history of subverting reforms on behalf of the Department of Defense.  Let us have this vote in the Senate, and let us send it to the House to  become law.   Every day we delay this vote is another day we deny justice to the  survivors of sexual assault. We deny justice to servicemembers who have  been affected by serious crimes. We deny justice to the men and women  who do so much for this country. We owe it to them to not wait another  minute longer.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that at a time  to be determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the  Republican leader, the Senate Committee on Armed Services be discharged  from further consideration of S. 1520 and the Senate proceed to its  consideration; that there be 2 hours for debate, equally divided in the  usual form, and that upon the use or yielding back of that time, the  Senate vote on the bill with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, there are several reasons why I  disagree strongly with the chairman.   First of all, this is not a complex reform. In fact, only one thing  changes: After the military police conclude their investigation,  instead of the case file being handed over to the commander's JAG, the  case file is handed over to the prosecutor, who might eventually have  gotten that case anyway. The prosecutor reviews the case file and  decides whether or not to prosecute.   If he decides not to prosecute, he will send it back to the  commander. Only 3 percent of commanders have this job; 97 percent of  commanders' jobs will not be affected by this change. And then they  will get to do what they typically do, which is to review the case;  perhaps, ask for nonjudicial punishment for related crimes; perhaps, do  a special court-martial. That sits with the commander.   The second reason why I disagree with the chairman is that if you  remove only one crime from the commander, you will essentially create  an entirely different system just for survivors of sexual assault, who  are more often to be women who report those crimes. Even though males  suffer more from sexual assault, they just don't report them, and that,  therefore, will become a special court for women servicemembers. And  experts have said that it will further marginalize them, it will  further diminish them, it will further alienate them. It will be a  special court for women, or a ``pink court.''   Third, this reform has already taken place in the countries of our  allies. The UK did it over 10 years ago for defendants' rights. Israel  did it over 40 years ago. Canada, Netherlands, Australia, Germany--all  have taken serious crimes out of the chain of command.   And in each of those instances, they have said it has not reduced  good order discipline, and it has not had any impact on command and  control.   And so the truth is that this is a change whose impact will be to  give survivors of sexual assault and any survivor of a serious crime  the confidence that the military justice system is unbiased and highly  trained.   The other reason why this change is so necessary to be a bright line  at all serious crimes is defendants' rights. And I can tell you that we  now have data developed in 2017 from Protect Our Defenders, a report  that says that it is up to 2.5 times more likely for Black and Brown  servicemembers to be punished than White servicemembers. That is a  shocking statistic--a shocking statistic.   So I believe that if you create a bright line at serious crimes, you  will not only improve the system for survivors of sexual assault but  for all litigants--plaintiffs and defendants--and you will protect the  civil liberties and civil rights of Black and Brown servicemembers from  a defendant's rights perspective.   The committee has had 8 years to debate, discuss, have hearings, and  pass legislation. We have passed nearly 250 bills on this topic. They  have lost their sole jurisdiction over this issue. They have failed to  improve sexual assaults in the military, and it is now time for an up- or-down vote, which has 66 cosponsors in this body. It is now time for  an up-or-down vote on our bill. It should no longer be the purview of  the NDAA and the Armed Services Committee because they have been  unwilling to have a vote on this for over 5 years and unwilling to take  a serious look at how to fix these injustices within our military.   Our military servicemembers deserve a military justice system worthy  of the sacrifices they make every day.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   