 Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand in support  of H.R. 1157, the Department of State Authorization Act of 2021. I want  to thank Chair Meeks and Ranking Member McCaul for their efforts to  reform the State Department, including offering improved job and skills  training opportunities for foreign service officers.   I am honored to have two amendments included in this bill, the first  of which I introduced separately as H.R. 1244. Today many foreign  service officers and State Department staff spend an outsized amount of  their time complying with duplicative and outdated reporting  requirements mandated by Congress.    H.R. 1244 repeals those requirements to streamline the flow of  information from State Department to Congress and allow our foreign  service officers to spend more time working toward accomplishing  America's foreign affairs objectives.   I want to thank Mr. Connolly for also working with me on this  initiative, and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1157.    Madam Speaker, as one of the first Korean- American women to serve in Congress, I am proud to rise today in  solidarity with the Asian American Pacific Islander community and in  strong support of the Senate-amended, bipartisan COVID-19 Hate Crimes  Act, S. 937. I also note the concerns raised by my colleague, Mr.  Jordan.   As we celebrate AAPI Heritage Month throughout the month of May, it  cannot be ignored that the hate and bias targeting the AAPI community  are on the rise. Hate against any ethnic group is unacceptable. This is  not who we are as Americans, and it is not reflective of the country  that welcomed me and my family into its fabric.   That is why I am glad Congress is coming together in a bipartisan way  to take steps against the hate targeting communities like the AAPI  community. However, let's also recognize that we cannot legislate hate  out of people's hearts and minds. We must treat each other with respect  and see each other as Americans. I will continue to do my part, and I  will always stand in solidarity with my AAPI community.   