 Mr. Speaker, we have all been forced to suffer through  4 years of hearing the Democrats spreading falsehoods regarding  President Trump's middle-class tax cuts.   Over and over again, they claimed, with little fact-checking from  their allies in the mainstream media, that this bill was a tax giveaway  to the rich. The Speaker, not trying to be outdone by her colleagues'  exaggeration, claimed that the bill was Armageddon.   But, of course, as with many claims from my Democratic colleagues,  this runs in contradiction to the actual facts. I will say it again:  What government needs is truth, transparency, and consistency from its  leaders.   The IRS' own data shows the Democrats have been shamelessly lying  about a bill that led to middle-class families keeping more of their  hard-earned money and creating more family-sustaining jobs. The data  also shows that millions of middle-class Americans received tax cuts  ranging anywhere from 16 percent to 26 percent in 2018. We saw  employers nationwide provide bonuses to their employees up and down the  pay scale.   Median household incomes were on the rise, and the IRS collected more  revenue--I am going to say it again--the IRS collected more revenue in  2019 than ever before. Our economy was thriving.   Now that Democrats are in charge, they want to reverse the most  successful middle-class tax reform in our Nation's history. They don't  just want to return our country to high, uncompetitive tax rates; they  actually want to provide a massive tax cut to their elite, coastal  friends. They are trying to provide tax breaks to the same wealthy  people whom the likes of Senator Sanders and Speaker Pelosi rail  against.   President Biden promised all Americans last year that his plan would  go after the evil wealthy. So I ask this: Does this tax break for only  the limousine liberals and those living in McMansions sound like  President Biden is fulfilling his promise? Or does it, once again,  sound like President Biden is deceiving the American people?   But let's not let the facts get in the way of a really good story. I  am confident the American people are able to see behind the Democrats'  deceit and will be outraged by their giveaways to their rich, elite  friends.    