 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, a ranking member of  the Rules Committee, for his support and his friendship for so very  many years and for his fight for this cause in this Chamber and for his  constituents in Georgia.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues to defeat the  previous question and bring up my legislation, H.R. 8251, which would  ensure that all Americans can access hospitals and urgent medical care  without fear of life-threatening delays due to violence and extremism.   My legislation would prohibit intentionally blocking hospital entries  or exits by force, threat of force, or physical obstruction in order to  injure, intimidate, or interfere with any person who is trying to  obtain and provide lifesaving medical procedures or treatment.   Mr. Speaker, I am outraged that the irrational and unconscionable  hatred directed at the brave men and women of our Nation's law  enforcement resulted in the attempted assassination of two innocent  deputies and the reckless endangerment of those in need of urgent  medical care.   On September 12, a gunman attempted to execute two Los Angeles  Sheriff's deputies, Claudia Apolinar, a 31-year-old single mother, and  her 24-year-old partner, simply because they wore the uniform, simply  because they were called to serve and to protect American  neighborhoods.   This was a chilling and senseless act of brutality that we are seeing  all over our country. Instead of turning to healing, protestors chose  to endanger the lives of those in need of immediate medical care by  actually blocking the entrance to the hospital where the deputies were  receiving critical care and chanting, ``We hope they die,'' and,  ``Death to police.''   ``We hope they die,'' and, ``Death to police.''   The courageous men and women of our law enforcement are selfless  public servants, Mr. Speaker. Every day, they choose to risk their  lives to protect us. It is unconscionable that their sacrifices are  being repaid with targeted violence and hatred. It is equally  unconscionable that protestors would prevent innocent Americans from  receiving lifesaving care by blocking hospital entrances.    I call on my colleagues--I implore my colleagues--for us to come  together to defeat the previous question. Stand with our men and women  in blue. Stand for what is right and just in our country. Stand for  humanity and support my legislation.   