 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks before the vote starts.    Mr. President, over the past 4 years, the National Labor  Relations Board, which was founded to protect workers' rights, has  again and again tipped the scales in favor of very large corporations.   While Democratic nominees to the NLRB were blocked and anti-worker  nominees were jammed through, we saw decades of worker protections  reversed. This has had a devastating impact on workers in our country,  who are not only struggling through this pandemic but who have also  seen their rights to strike and organize and bargain collectively  undermined and constrained in ruling after ruling.   But, today, the Senate has the opportunity to begin healing this  damage by confirming two exceptionally qualified individuals. That is  why I am urging all of our colleagues to join me in supporting David  Prouty and Gwynne Wilcox to serve on the NLRB.   Mr. Prouty's career is defined by his commitment to workers, with a  long record representing textile workers, hotel workers, restaurant  workers, baseball players, and now as a lawyer for the SEIU Local 32BJ,  property service workers.   Ms. Wilcox's experience as a field attorney for the NLRB, as a lawyer  representing workers before the Board, and defending healthcare workers  and protecting their rights makes clear that she has the right  qualifications and values for this job.   Ms. Wilcox is not only a high-qualified nominee, she will be a  historic one. She will be the first Black woman to serve on the Board,  and her confirmation will bring us a step closer to ensuring our worker  protections Agencies represent the diverse workforce they serve.   It is clear to me we need David Prouty and Gwynne Wilcox on the NLRB  to reverse the damage done by years of anti-worker attacks and get us  back on the right track of building back an economy that works for  everyone, not just huge corporations and those at the top.   Now more than ever, we need to join with workers and defend their  rights. Today, that means voting to confirm Gwynne Wilcox and David  Prouty.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Kimi  Chernoby and Daniel Elchert, fellows who are assigned to my office, be  granted floor privileges for the remainder of this year.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Andrew  Zacher and Hannah Oakley, fellows who are assigned to my office, be  granted floor privileges through September 1, 2022.   