 Madam Speaker, I thank the Representative from Texas  for yielding to me.   Madam Speaker, this bill has gone through several versions just this  week--possibly just today--too many for even the bill's sponsors to  keep up with.    During one of the several Rules Committee hearings, committee chairs  could not even explain specific provisions of the bill.   How does the majority think the American public can really know what  is in this bill?   The majority will stick very closely to the talking points, using  words like ``transformational,'' ``bold vision,'' and ``values-based  leadership,'' and they will say things about affordable housing,  universal pre-K, and drug pricing.   But do we know where all that money is really going? Our constituents  deserve to understand each of these programs but also the ones that  they don't include in their talking points.   They have eliminated the bipartisan Hyde amendment protections that  for 40 years have been preventing tax dollars from being used to pay  for abortion. It is being reported that there is approximately $756  billion in a welfare spending increase.   How is that money being used? Where is it going?   The bill also includes at least a few budget gimmicks. The bill  offers partial funding for some programs, creating temporary programs  that are clearly meant to be permanent. This means the cost estimates  for the bills are not accurate into the future.   The committee chairs even have a hard time explaining how those  budget gimmicks work. One of the biggest ticket items is the $320  billion in tax subsidies for electric vehicles, solar energy, wind, and  other green energy, and an additional $25 million for the President to  establish an environmental initiative.   The American public might want to know that almost $45 billion is  going to the IRS for increased enforcement and digital monitoring,  especially since the Democrats have proposed spying on Americans' bank  accounts.   This bill pours billions of dollars into government agencies to  further insert government bureaucrats into the daily lives of American  citizens.   