 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for putting  together such an important set of corporate governance reforms, one  that absolutely supports investors in this country, like our teachers  who are involved in institutional investment for their safety and a  dignified retirement.   Mr. Speaker, this package will absolutely give everyone more  information about how companies are investing for the long term, and  that includes my bill, the Disclosure of Tax Havens and Offshoring Act.   Last year, 55 profitable U.S. corporations paid no Federal corporate  income taxes. Let me repeat that. Last year, 55 profitable U.S.  corporations paid no corporate income taxes--I can tell you, that is  not what happened on Main Street back in my district in Iowa. They paid  their taxes--and many more paid far below the statutory rate of 21  percent.   It is not hard to see why this happens. In 2018, U.S. multinationals  booked hundreds of billions of dollars of tax havens where they  basically paid no taxes, including $100 billion alone in Bermuda.   This costs the U.S. more than $50 billion per year in taxes. And  beyond the damage that that does, which is extensive, it hurts all of  the businesses who are doing the right thing, those that are on Main  Street in all of our communities, including many small businesses  across this country who don't have a subsidiary in Barbados just to  avoid taxes.   That is why last weekend, seven of the world's largest economies  agreed to end the race to the bottom and require a global minimum tax  rate of 15 percent for our corporations. That is going to have a big  impact on the corporations who have been using tax havens, but the  investors and the public don't know which corporations are using these  loopholes and where they are booking their profits.   My bill will fix that, by requiring disclosure of very basic  information about a company's operations on a country-by-country basis,  including revenue, profit, taxes paid, and number of employees they  have. This would take information large multinational corporations  already have and give us much-needed transparency into the  international tax avoidance strategies companies use if they are  shipping jobs overseas. It gives us the information that we need, and I  urge a ``yes'' vote.    Madam Speaker, in the last century, businesses have become  much less reliant on physical assets and more reliant on their workers.   In fact, virtually every business that I talk to says that the people  are their most important asset. Yet, we have minimal information about  the employees and what we are doing to invest in our workers.   My amendment would address that by giving us more information from  public companies about workforce training, pay, benefits, health and  safety, and turnover and promotion rates. By the way, these are sets of  data that are already being collected by most public companies.   The pandemic, though, has only driven home how important it is for  companies to make sure that their workers stay safe and healthy for  their company's success. It is obvious that companies with workers who  are more engaged and invested will do better, which is why investors  want this information.   My amendment would encourage better corporate practices by giving  investors and the public the information they want about which  companies are truly investing in their workers.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   