 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1446  and H.R. 8, a/k/a the gun-grabber bills.   Madam Speaker Pelosi, you were elected in 1987, and I was born in  1988. During that time, you say that background checks have saved  millions of lives. But what about the more than 50 million babies that  have been murdered through abortion? So I am just going to leave that  there as we talk about the value of life.   These bills are not about gun safety, and they certainly aren't about  reducing crime. These bills are about control.  [[Page H1306]]    Two weeks ago, Democrats voted to strip religious freedom. Last week,  they voted to defund our police. Today, they are now taking our guns.   In reality, these bills do nothing to improve background checks, as  noted by an Obama official in 2013: ``The effectiveness of universal  background checks depends on requiring gun registration.''   Instead, it would increase our wait times and allow for endless  delays for law-abiding citizens to purchase firearms.   Our communities have seen too many tragedies perpetuated by sick  people intent on committing violence, no matter the weapon.   H.R. 1446 puts the onus on individuals to contact the government if  their background check hasn't been completed in 10 days.   You know who cannot afford to wait? The single mom looking to protect  herself and her children from a violent ex who has just been released  from jail. You think this situation isn't real? It happened last month  in Orlando. And there are thousands more like them.   You know that the more garbage that we find in these bills, the more  I believe that the motto of these Chambers is changing from ``We the  People'' to let's screw the people.   H.R. 8 and H.R. 1446 does nothing but make it more difficult for law- abiding citizens to protect themselves and their families. Under this  legislation, criminals will do what they do best: Break the law and  perpetuate crime.   So I ask my colleagues considering supporting these bills: Do you  honestly think that punishing law-abiding constituents in your  districts, stripping them of their constitutional rights will make them  safer? Will you be able to look them in the eye as they are the next  victim of crime?    As Members of Congress we swore an oath to defend the Constitution,  and that includes the Second Amendment.   Shall not be infringed.   You and I both took that oath, Mr. Speaker.   