 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the COVID-19 Hate  Crimes Act.   The past year has been one of the most difficult periods in our  Nation's history. And for some of our fellow Americans, the pandemic  has also resulted in an alarming uptick in racially based hate crimes.   Racism, bigotry, and discrimination have no place in our communities.  We must do our part to help stop all forms of violence here in America  and all over the world. And I will continue to fight to help keep all  families in America safe.   That is why I was proud to cosponsor this legislation, which will  facilitate the expedited review of hate crimes and strengthen hate  crimes reporting.   We still have a long way to go to ensure that those who commit these  crimes of hate are held accountable, and we must do better at all  levels of government to protect the most vulnerable among us.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this bicameral  resolution denouncing anti-Asian hate, and I offer once again my  deepest condolences to the families that have suffered these hate  tragedies.   I thank Representative Chu for this very critical and timely  legislation.   Too often, we have seen hate and discrimination turn to violence and  terror, and we must reaffirm again our commitment to stand against all  forms of bigotry and hatred. Racism simply has no place in our  communities in this Nation.   As I travel across Georgia's Sixth District, I am very privileged to  interact with so many members of the Asian-American community. They are  our small business owners, teachers, doctors, electricians,  contractors, and financial analysts.   I actually had the opportunity to spend time with one of the families  who had suffered one of these tragedies there in Atlanta, I believe  within the Chair's district. I can tell you the profound pain that  emanated from them and that grief, and I understand that completely.   We have to remember that we are all made stronger by the community  that surrounds us, who lifts us up in time of need, and who makes our  home the best place to live and raise a family, and that is right here  in the United States of America. We must never lose sight of the power  of walking in each other's shoes. And, yes, I have walked in these  families' shoes.   We must never lose sight of understanding the path that others have  traveled and of celebrating the wonderful differences that we all bring  to this great Nation today.   We again stand with our friends and our neighbors in the Asian- American community to denounce hate and to work together toward a  future filled with love, acceptance, and faith for a brighter world.   