 Mr. President, Senate Democrats just gave Republicans  yet another opportunity to do the right thing--to make sure the U.S.  Government pays its bills, like every working family in our country  does.   Now, Senate Republicans have acknowledged that, even though default  would be catastrophic for our economy, they would not vote to prevent  it--no Republican votes or help to prevent an economic catastrophe. Now  they have kicked their brinksmanship up another notch by blocking  Democrats--Democrats only--from voting to avoid default with a purely  Democratic vote.   This makes no sense if you truly care about our workers, about our  families, about our hard-won economic recovery. It only makes sense if  their goal is economic sabotage--if they are so willing to put politics  first that you put the American economy on the line. That is,  apparently, what the Republican Party stands for today until proven  otherwise: economic sabotage and politics first, no matter who gets  hurt.   This is a disgrace. It is an embarrassment. But it is not going to  stop Democrats from fighting to protect our economy from the  devastating consequences of default, because let me be clear:  Republicans may think this is some obscure fight right now, but it will  not be if it hits Americans' bank accounts, and they are fooling  themselves if they think people won't know who is responsible.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this  unnecessary bill will undermine our efforts to end a pandemic that has  killed over 685,000 people and counting.   We are fighting a highly contagious virus. If people don't get  vaccinated, variants like Delta will continue to spread, undermine our  economy, and take lives. Getting people vaccinated is one of the most  important things we can do to stop COVID-19.   And let's be clear. Immunization requirements are nothing new in this  country. State and local governments and school districts have required  vaccination against diseases like polio and measles for over a century.  Taking similar steps against COVID is just commonsense.   Tailored exemptions for legitimate religious and medical  considerations already exist in current law and are included in  President Biden's policy.   This bill could undermine existing protections and create a massive  loophole that would lead to more unnecessary and preventable deaths.   It is so frustrating to know how scared people are of this virus, to  know how many people it has killed, to know how hard people are trying  to do the right thing and how eager they are for this to end, only to  have Republicans offer ideas that would create political division,  prolong this crisis, and cost more lives, so I object.   