 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this month is Military Appreciation  Month. It is a month when we let our soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines  know just how grateful we are for their service. Madam President, we  are grateful for the service that you gave our Nation in uniform. We  thank you for that.   Tennessee is home to three major military installations and numerous  other Guard installations. For us, Military Appreciation Month actually  lasts all year long.   I would like to start off by welcoming the 101st Airborne Division's  2nd Squadron, 17th Calvary Regiment back stateside following a 9-month  rotational deployment to Korea. We are so happy to have them back home.   In more exciting news out of Fort Campbell, this Thursday, SGM  Veronica Knapp will become the first woman to serve as a command  sergeant major of a U.S. Army division. She will assume responsibility  as the senior enlisted adviser of the 101st Airborne Division.   On behalf of the entire Tennessee delegation, I offer my  congratulations and wish her success in all that is yet to come.   The servicemembers stationed at Fort Campbell have really had a very  busy past year. Starting last March, we began deploying soldiers to  help with COVID-19 response operations across the Northeast, including  members from the 501st Medical Company, the 531st Hospital Center, and  the 101st Division Sustainment Brigade.   Boston and New York City were among the most severely affected areas  in the country. And if you ask the healthcare workers and city  officials in those areas if Tennessee servicemembers made a difference,  they will tell you, yes, without a doubt.   Last year, many of our Tennessee National Guard members also joined  the fight against COVID-19. The 164th Airlift Wing transported  desperately needed PPE all the way from Italy to healthcare workers  across the entire country. The 118th ISR Group, along with five other  Air National Guard targeting units, produced over 70 percent of the  U.S. Air Force's targeting materials, all while providing continuity to  Activity-Duty units.   I want to keep bragging on our Guard members because they really have  made an impact, especially when it comes to getting testing and vaccine  centers up and running. They set up more static vaccine sites than any  other State. As of March of this year, they have set up double the  number of sites that were running in the next most successful State.  Job well done.   They directly helped more than 1 million Tennesseans stay healthy  through the pandemic. It was a great effort, and we thank them for  that.   I am sorry to say that the pandemic wasn't the only natural disaster  Tennesseans had to deal with over the past year. But when tornados  destroyed multiple counties across West and Middle Tennessee, the  National Guard was right there to help. And when blizzards shut down  half the State, the Guard kept water flowing in Memphis, repaired  communications infrastructure for first responders in Rutherford  County, and found shelter for displaced families in Lynchburg and  Manchester.   When you are on the outside looking in on a natural disaster, the  last thing you want to hear is that local officials had to call in the  National Guard. But I will tell you, when you are sitting in the  aftermath, there is no more hopeful sight than a vehicle full of  guardsmen pulling into town ready to help.   That peace of mind, of course, comes at a cost. Our servicemembers go  where they are told to go and do the jobs they are told to do without  hesitation. Why? Because they have accepted that the cost of freedom is  more important than the freedom they sacrificed when they put on the  uniform. Their families have accepted this too. And when you are a  military family, the uniform comes first. This is why every year when  we re-up defense funding, we put special focus on military families and  their needs.   For example, 2 years ago, we established a pilot program to offer  professional licensed reciprocity for military spouses who want to  continue working  [[Page S3325]]  after moving across State lines. Last year, we increased funding for  that program.   We also continued our support for the Preservation of the Force and  Families Program, which helps special operators process the  aftereffects of their missions.   Last month, the Presiding Officer and I introduced a bill called the  Military Hunger Prevention Act. This is an incredibly important piece  of legislation that would create a basic needs allowance for low-income  military families.    The reason this is so important is that existing benefits programs  like SNAP and free school lunches include housing allowances and other  military benefits in revenue calculations. Although it is obvious that  this only creates the appearance of higher income, the programs aren't  designed to allow an exception. Once we pass this bill--and I am sure  that we will--these families will be able to use their allowances to  buy groceries instead of relying on food pantries to put dinner on the  table.   This is what we should all be thinking about during Military  Appreciation Month--renewing the commitment we have made to take care  of our servicemembers both on and off the battlefield.   We need to ask ourselves: What are we doing to meet their practical  needs? What are we doing to support their families? What are we doing  to right unintended wrongs?   It is the most important way we can recognize their extraordinary  service to our Nation.   I yield the floor.   