 Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous  question today, we will call up a resolution that I introduced, H. Res.  178, which would instruct the House Clerk to modify the text of H.R.  1319, the American Rescue Plan Act, to direct $140 million from Speaker  Pelosi's pork subway project and to instead put those funds toward  critical mental health services for the Nation's children who have  continued to suffer in isolation during the COVID-19 pandemic.    My resolution would ensure that mental health and suicide prevention  services are provided in States where children do not have the option  of in-person instruction in school, as isolation has been a major  driver of mental health impacts on our Nation's kids.   Mr. Speaker, children across this Nation have been disproportionately  affected by the mental health impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. A study  by the National Institutes of Health found that social isolation has  had a significant impact on America's children. Social isolation during  quarantine has caused many to develop feelings of sadness, anxiety, and  loneliness.   Unfortunately, a study by the American Academy of Pediatrics found  that there has been an increase in suicides among children following  the imposition of stay-at-home orders last year.   Another study by the Virginia Pediatrics Association found a 90  percent rise in cases among children involving depression, anxiety, and  academic struggles.   Mr. Speaker, there is hope. The CDC recently released new guidelines  that recommend students return to in-person instruction where it can be  done safely. Dr. Anthony Fauci himself has backed these new guidelines  and has spoken in support of getting our Nation's kids back in school.   The feelings of social isolation felt by so many children today can  be quickly alleviated by reopening our schools. In areas of the country  where reopenings are not happening, my resolution would provide $140  million to bolster mental healthcare for these affected children. I  think we can all agree that the mental health impacts on our children  should be swiftly addressed on a bipartisan basis.   Mr. Speaker, let me state again that America's children deserve the  very best. Let's defeat the previous question today so that we can  provide needed relief and critical mental health services  [[Page H870]]  to children who are suffering across the Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to defeat the previous  question.   