 Madam Speaker, I am delighted to bring my bill, H.R.  1917, the Hazard Eligibility and Local Projects, or HELP Act, to the  floor today, and I thank Congressman Pappas, and I thank my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle on the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee for agreeing to move this bill forward. I am so proud of the  HELP Act and all that it represents. It is bipartisan, commonsense,  meaningful legislation, that was born out of a real partnership with  local officials in my district in  [[Page H6138]]  Houston that will benefit all Americans.   As many in this body will recall, Hurricane Harvey hit my district in  Houston and the entire Texas Gulf Coast in August of 2017, causing  great devastation, dropping nearly 60 inches of rain, claiming 68  lives, and causing an estimated $125 billion in damages. It was the  second-most expensive hurricane in the United States' history. Members  of this body responded to Harvey's devastation with the speed and  purpose we needed for our recovery, passing three supplemental  appropriations bills, sending billions of dollars in aid to Texas  through different programs. But our recovery was and still is slow,  slower than many expected, and slower than any can afford.   Before I was sworn into Congress, I met with our local officials at  home to talk about the impediments to our recovery. How could we speed  it up? Where was recovery delayed? What could the Federal Government  do? And one impediment that had significant impact on our recovery was  the process for the award of mitigation project funding from FEMA.   Here is why. As Mr. Pappas noted, section 404 of the Stafford Act  provides that FEMA may grant up to 75 percent of funds for cost- effective mitigation projects through the Hazard Mitigation Grant  Program, HMGP. When States or municipalities apply through the HMGP  program, projects, regardless of size or scope, require a comprehensive  review to make sure all requirements of NEPA or other statutory  requirements are met.   Importantly, these hazard mitigation grants do not allow for the  reimbursement of costs incurred before a grant is approved. As a  result, many areas recovering from disaster must wait for the FEMA  review before purchasing land or starting construction on a project  designed to mitigate damage. This FEMA review can go on for months or  years at a critical time for decisionmaking and recovering.   In the case of natural disasters, local governments need to move  quickly on projects like land acquisition; for example, buying land or  buying out homes that have been damaged or other land acquisition  projects. In Houston, this was true for us when we were looking to buy  a golf course to create additional stormwater detention. The chief  recovery officer for the city of Houston has told us that FEMA's pre- award cost policy--that is, not allowing reimbursement of costs  incurred before grant approval--is a limiting factor in recovery,  especially in cases of land acquisition.   Homeowners simply cannot afford to wait the months or years to make  decisions about whether to repair their homes or participate in a  buyout. The result is not only inefficiency, but real hardship.   For example, Harris County Flood Control District received $25  million from the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program to conduct buyouts to  reduce flood damages in areas located deep in the floodplain where  structural projects to reduce flooding aren't cost-effective. But that  was nearly a year after Harvey. It took a year because of the review  period required at FEMA for all HMGP applications. Most homeowners  simply don't have the luxury of waiting a year or more to begin repairs  or decide what to do.   So the quicker local governments are able to move, the more people  they can help and the more resources they can leverage. Having a one- size-fits-all approach to reviewing projects through the HMGP is not  efficient or effective. It needlessly delays critical mitigation work.   That is where the idea for the HELP Act came from. The HELP Act will  allow land acquisition projects and simple construction projects that  do not require an environmental impact statement under NEPA to commence  immediately without the risk of losing potential Federal funds. This  will allow State and local governments to respond more quickly to the  needs of their communities and to plan disaster mitigation more  efficiently and effectively by removing unnecessary delays and  streamlining FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant Program. It is simple, it  is straightforward, and it is needed.   At home, I continue to hear a consistent concern that these Federal  disaster recovery projects move at a very slow pace. This bill  addresses that and will be a real improvement for communities across  the country.   I would like to thank my colleague, Mr. McCaul, for working with me  on this bill. Disaster mitigation is not and should never be a partisan  issue. There remains much work to do to prepare for future storms that  we know will come, but I am hopeful that the HELP Act will aid State  and local governments when they do.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation and help our families, businesses, and communities recover  from disasters.   