 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5551, the  Improving the Lives of Children Act. I sponsored this bipartisan  legislation alongside Representatives Buddy Carter, G. K. Butterfield,  and Henry Cuellar, because the work being done at the CDC's National  Center on Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities is tremendously  important to many millions of families across our Nation.   Approximately 1 in 6 children in the United States are affected by  some form of developmental disability. They include a diverse range of  conditions, including ADHD, autism spectrum disorder, fragile X  syndrome, and Tourette syndrome, just to name a few.   Some of these conditions have the ability to seriously impact  children's lives by limiting motor ability, cognitive development,  verbal communication, and behavioral development, and they often last  throughout a person's lifetime   For some developmental disabilities, we know the causes and the risk  factors, but for so many others, we don't. That is why the research and  advancements at the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental  Disabilities continue to be so crucial.   Since its creation in 2000, the center's dedicated staff have created  a roadmap to a world where babies are born healthy, children are  empowered to reach their full potential, and families are able to  thrive. But there is still so much work to be done.   That is why my legislation reauthorizes the center for the first time  in 15 years and provides it with the funding and resources necessary to  support more than a dozen essential programs.   This bipartisan bill is key to identifying developmental disabilities  early and bolstering doctors' capacity to intervene, both of which  experts agree are critical in improving children's ability to learn new  skills and reducing the financial burden on families.   Mr. Speaker, when children and adults with disabilities receive the  care and services they need, their quality of life improves  dramatically.   The goal of the National Center on Birth Defects and Developmental  Disabilities is to ensure that every person with a disability has  access to the support they need from a young age, and our legislation  helps achieve it.   That is why it is supported by so many individuals and families  across America who want nothing more than for Congress to advance  policies that give people living with disabilities the dignity,  respect, and opportunities they need to succeed.   I look forward to casting my vote in favor of this legislation, and I  encourage all of my colleagues to join me in doing the same.   