 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand in support  of H.R. 826, the Divided Families Reunification Act, and I want to  thank Congresswoman Meng for introducing this bill and the House  Foreign Affairs Committee for ensuring a speedy passage of this timely  legislation.   I am also proud to colead another bill under consideration today that  addresses this issue, H. Res. 294, introduced by the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Bass).   Since implementing family reunions in 1985, the South and North  Korean Governments have facilitated 21 in-person reunions and seven  video reunions. However, the nearly 100,000 Korean Americans with  family members in North Korea have been left out of this process  entirely.   As a longtime advocate for human rights and humanitarian aid in North  Korea, I have consistently spoken on the need to prioritize these  issues, especially by appointing a Special Envoy for North Korean human  rights issues, which has remained vacant since 2017, and remains  unfilled under President Biden.   Time is running out for separated family members, as many are in  their eighties and nineties, and their numbers continue to dwindle.  Congress and the Biden administration must come together to make  Korean-American participation and reunifications a reality before it is  too late.   My mother-in-law was one of the many Koreans who made the brave  journey across the 38th parallel line to bring her family to South  Korea. She crossed five times to go back and forth and bring family  members across to South Korea.   As an immigrant from South Korea whose family lived through the  Korean war, and now as one of the first Korean-American women to serve  in Congress, I am proud to use my voice in support of this issue that  is deeply personal to me and our Korean-American community.   I want to again thank Representatives Karen Bass and Grace Meng for  introducing these measures and for working to garner strong bipartisan  support.   I urge my colleagues to support House passage of these bills today  and for the Senate to prioritize consideration of this issue on behalf  of the tens of thousands of Korean Americans alive today waiting to  reunite with their long lost family members.   