 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this summer, the Senate passed historic  bipartisan legislation that would make meaningful investments in our  physical infrastructure. We did the hard work. We did the hard work to  produce legislation that meets current and future needs by investing in  our roads,  [[Page S6905]]  our bridges, clean water, broadband, transit systems, rail, and our  electric grid.   Chairman Carper and I led a surface transportation reauthorization  bill and a water infrastructure bill in our EPW Committee, both of  which were unanimously reported out by our committee and really served  as the backbone of this infrastructure package. The Commerce Committee  and the Energy and Natural Resources Committee both also contributed  bipartisan bills to this major effort. A bipartisan group of our  colleagues, led by Senator Portman and Senator Sinema, negotiated with  the Biden administration to complete the package. That effort resulted  in the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, which earned the vote of  69 Senators nearly 2 months ago. President Biden himself expressed his  support for the legislation in a widely covered speech from the White  House.   By now, that bill should be law and Federal funding should be on the  way to State Departments of Transportation, local water boards, and our  economic development officials. All Speaker Pelosi had to do was put  the Senate legislation on the floor in August and watch its passage  with a strong bipartisan vote. However, House Democrats broke promises  to their own Members and refused to ask for a vote on the bill, and  that was in September. Our bipartisan work in the Senate advanced the  infrastructure football to the 1-yard line. We were there, but somehow  House Democrats were still unable to reach the goal line.   Last Friday, our Federal Surface Transportation Program lapsed-- lapsed--for the first time in over a decade. After months of talking  about rebuilding American infrastructure, House Democrats shut down the  Federal Highway Administration, pressing pause on some of the most  important infrastructure programs in this country. It was a short  lapse, but it was a lapse. A lapse in these programs would be  unacceptable in any circumstance, but House Democrats decided to let  the programs expire rather than vote on bipartisan legislation that sat  on their desks for more than 7 weeks during their August recess.   In delaying this vote, those leaders didn't just break their  commitment to the American people, but, again, they broke a commitment  to their own Members when they said--they were originally promised the  infrastructure bill would receive a vote by September 27. Instead, the  House and Senate had to reauthorize, quickly, our existing Surface  Transportation Program, but guess what--for a month--October 31. What  does that do? Not much. It does continue, but it does create confusion,  and that stop-and-start is difficult. I appreciate my colleagues' work  to reopen these programs, but it is not enough.   Over on the House side, they are holding core infrastructure  legislation hostage in an effort to force Members of their own party to  come on board in separate legislation that would, in my opinion, waste  $3.5 trillion on social programs unrelated to infrastructure. The $3.5  trillion package is what my colleague and our colleague, Senator  Manchin, correctly described as ``fiscal insanity.'' House Democrats  are telling the American people that if they want roads and bridges,  they have to accept trillions of dollars in unrelated spending and  unrelated tax policies.   If this reckless tax-and-spending spree were popular with the  American people, they wouldn't have to bind it to the infrastructure  legislation and block that legislation in an effort to convince the  Members of their own party to support it, but they understand there is  a real concern back home to spending $3.5 trillion. I heard this over  and over when I was just home over the weekend--over and over--from my  constituents in West Virginia.   We all know inflation is real, and it is impacting day-to-day  families--families who are trying to figure out how to pay for the cost  of gasoline, that gallon of milk, those new school clothes, books,  pencils, the cost of heating and cooling their homes. It is hurting our  American families. And yet, even with these red flags, the Biden  administration and my Democrat colleagues want to spend an additional  3.5 trillion--with a ``t''--dollars. And if that is not enough, they  want to impose the largest tax hike in decades.   These efforts will hit American families with higher prices and  greater tax burdens at a time when they can least afford it. I am not  sure there is a time we could ever afford it. So this makes zero sense.   Now, I know President Biden has promised not to raise taxes on  families making less than $400,000 a year. He has repeated this many,  many times in his public speeches. But what he is not telling you is  that the cost of everyday living is going up significantly because of  these--and will go up more because of these progressive policies, which  are a hidden tax on the American people. Your utility bills, your  grocery bills, all the costs of everyday goods and services are going  to go up.   And have you heard this just really outrageous idea that they want  your bank or credit union to tell the IRS every deposit or withdrawal  of $600 or more? And if you have $600 in your bank account, they want  your bank or credit union to report that to the IRS. Does that sound  like it is designed to target billionaires or middle-class Americans?   The taxes, fees, and penalties this partisan, reckless tax-and- spending package includes ultimately still falls to you, regardless of  how much you make. As ranking member of the EPW Committee, I am  especially concerned about several environmental provisions in the $3.5  trillion spending plan.   Let's be clear. All of us, Republicans and Democrats, we do want a  cleaner energy future, and we are moving toward that. The proof of that  is our work together on technologies like carbon capture and  utilization. But this rushed reconciliation package doesn't allow time  for any sort of transition. Wind and solar energy still has serious  gaps. They are growing, yes, but they still have serious gaps in  reliability and stability. When the wind stops blowing and the Sun  isn't shining, our country still relies heavily on coal, natural gas,  and nuclear. But instead of recognizing this reality and investing in  technologies to accelerate carbon capture, which would lead to less  emissions, this package punishes companies that are already cutting  their emissions. It is reckless spending. It is punitive taxation, and,  ultimately, the American family will pay the price.   Take, for example, the proposed methane tax--well, methane fee, it is  called, but it is actually a natural gas tax. This regressive tax on  natural gas would increase energy costs on American families and small  businesses, disproportionately affecting middle- and low-income  households at a time when natural gas prices are going up due to  inflation and increased demand and reduced supply here and abroad due  to some factors--and, right now, the pandemic.   According to the EPA, natural gas systems in the United States  reduced their overall methane emissions by nearly 16 percent between  1990 and 2019, without these onerous regulations and taxes. It is  widely recognized that the shale gas boom led to significant greenhouse  gas emission reductions across our power sector. In fact, as our  natural gas production has risen and has gone up, the country's overall  greenhouse gas emissions have gone down significantly.   According to API, the methane fee, or tax, would cost approximately  $9.1 billion and as many as 90,000 jobs in a lot of the regions in the  country, one of which is my own in West Virginia. Don't be fooled. Like  any other part of this package, the methane fee is rushed government  overreach when the market is already reducing emissions.   More than 150 groups have written to Congress to oppose this natural  gas tax. This is not about reducing emissions or even raising revenues  for Washington; it is about targeting an industry, oil and gas, and the  related good-paying jobs, like those in West Virginia, for elimination  for wholly political purposes. The idea that our country will be able  to transition to a cleaner future and keep up with our energy demands  without natural gas is just not based in reality.   So speaking of based in reality, let's talk about the proposed Clean  Electricity Performance Program. This is a program in the $3.5 trillion  bill to eliminate coal and natural gas from our electricity mix by  requiring an 80-percent reduction in carbon emissions from utilities by  2030. This goal is very unrealistic as fossil fuels now provide  [[Page S6906]]  60 percent of our Nation's electricity today, 2021.   The United Mine Workers of America wrote that this plan would  ``eliminate virtually all of West Virginia's coal generation fleet of  eight baseload power plants well before the end of this decade. . . .  All related coal mining and utility jobs would be lost, with severe  [adverse] impacts on families, communities, and the local and state tax  revenues associated with mining, electric generation, and electric  power [generation].''   This program is an explicit attempt to put energy producers out of  work. It would use taxpayer dollars to get rid of coal and natural gas  jobs in States like mine, using a convoluted system to try to mask the  hit to our electricity taxpayers. And for all the promises we heard of  lined-up green energy jobs for these workers to replace these jobs, I  am certainly not seeing many of those in my State, certainly not the  tens of thousands of jobs that would be needed to make up for the lost  jobs. And I am definitely not seeing any of those green jobs pay--the  pay on those green jobs even close to what a miner would make or  somebody in the natural gas business.   But the Clean Electricity Performance Program will impact more than  just my home State, of course. If California is any indication, the  clean electricity payment plan will lead to less reliability, rolling  blackouts all across the country, and higher energy prices. We don't  need to wait and see how a plan like this will impact a powerhouse  country like ours.   Germany is already trying this. According to Forbes Magazine, our  German friends are spending as much as $4 trillion to install as much  wind and solar capacity as possible--laudable goal--and to drastically  curtail and hopefully eliminate the need for coal, natural gas, and  nuclear. This has left Germany with the highest electricity prices in  the world--harming their households and their world-famous  manufacturing sector. When they have found themselves short of supply,  they have to import coal-fired electricity from Poland.   We, here, in this country, would have no kind of international  fallback. So while we try to mimic a path similar to Germany and shut  down American coal mines, meanwhile China is building new coal plants  that will wash out any of our supposed carbon reductions. American  energy prices will skyrocket, and the Clean Energy Payment Plan will  make a negligible impact on global emissions.   The Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund is another absurd provision in this  reconciliation package. This is basically a $27.5 billion slush fund  for Democrat States to use whatever they would use for their so-called  green projects. This will increase our reliance on critical minerals  and energy supplies that we get from China and other international  competitors trying to put forward energy-free technologies and  particularly looking at the production of lithium batteries and solar  energy that is primarily produced in China.   Another egregious provision tucked away in this reconciliation  package is a $50 million expenditure to EPA to write new clean air  regs. That is right, $50 million. They would give $50 million to write  a new version of President Obama's Clean Power Plan and other  devastating climate regulations. With the money, EPA will hire extra  lawyers and bureaucrats to write additional regulations under section  111 and other provisions of the Clean Air Act in ways that they have  never done before, all, in my view, which would put my hard-working  West Virginians out of a job.   These are just a few of the environmental provisions in this reckless  tax-and-spending spree. But the package is much broader than that. It  is a wish list rolled into a $3.5 trillion bill that inserts the  government into nearly every aspect of American life. The American  people understand that passing this bill will harm our country by  fueling inflation, and it will harm our country for generations to come  as we add to our debt.   It is no wonder that the Democrats are having so much trouble passing  this. By shuttering our Federal Surface Transportation Programs last  Friday, House Democrats made it abundantly clear that despite their  rhetoric, physical infrastructure is not a priority. Instead, they have  said that roads, bridges, broadband, water infrastructure--all  infrastructure items that Americans in both parties support are only  worth funding if they are accompanied by another $3.5 trillion in  spending.   I hope that our House colleagues will change their approach. The  bipartisan infrastructure bill represents good policy, and it should be  allowed to pass on its own merit. It will benefit every State in this  country. It will provide the certainty of 5 years of funding for our  Surface Transportation Programs and avoid future lapses like we saw  last Friday. These programs cannot bounce from one short-term extension  to the next. We have done that before. It is very, very difficult to  conduct business, and they should not play second fiddle to a package  of partisan policies.   We came together in this body to pass a bipartisan infrastructure  bill that the American people can be proud of, and that bill should  become law soon.   I yield the floor.   