 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution  on behalf of my constituents in Connecticut's Fifth District.   The statements made by the Representative from Georgia have amplified  horrific and deeply dishonest rhetoric and empowered and mainstreamed  fringe conspiracy theories about school shootings. Giving any Member  the platform to spread dangerous rhetoric only rewards and normalizes  this behavior, places already vulnerable groups in danger, and further  traumatizes survivors.   There is no place in this House for a Member that trivializes these  events or refuses to publicly disavow her own words or apologize to  those affected.   Mr. Speaker, there are men and women on both sides of the aisle whom  I strongly disagree with, colleagues who have made statements that have  deeply offended me. Yet, I have never believed we should remove them  from committees on this body.   But today is different. We are forced to make this motion, not  because of a disagreement in values or opinions, but because the  Republican Conference has refused to take any actions addressing  dangerous comments made by a Member, comments which have no place in  common discourse and cannot be given a platform to be amplified.   While I remain respectful of the voters in Georgia, we have a  responsibility as a body to hold our own Members accountable, and I  would vote in the same way if a member of my own caucus had committed  the same infractions.   No Member of Congress should promote conspiracy theories or sow doubt  about the validity of tragic mass casualty events like Sandy Hook,  Parkland, and others. No parent should ever  [[Page H355]]  have to invite a Member of Congress to visit their child's grave or  touch the bullet-riddled clothing that their child wore to prove that  their death actually happened.   Mr. Speaker, the Speaker of this House always tells Members to vote  our district. Today, I vote as an act of conscience in defense of my  district. I vote for the babies who left for school 8 years ago and  never returned home, and the teachers who died trying to protect them.    Today, I will vote for millions of educators who stand  bravely before students while they lead lockdown drills and whisper  quietly to them while sheltering in place that school is still safe.   I will vote ``yes'' on this resolution for the parents and the  communities who want real debate that produces real solutions for  keeping schools and communities safe.   