 Madam Speaker, this amendment would allow employers to  self-audit compensation disparity. Asking the same employer, who may be  engaged in pay discrimination, to self-police their wage practices is a  blatant conflict of interest.   Rather than actually incentivizing equal pay, as Ms. Stefanik would  claim, this amendment gives employers the tool to hide evidence of pay  discrimination and delay any resulting lawsuit and accountability by 3  years. The very idea behind this provision is insidious. It presumes  that employers should be given loopholes to avoid liability after  breaking the law. Employers do not need a workaround to guard against  these types of lawsuits. Their best defense is simple: do not engage in  wage discrimination.   In fact, this amendment actually creates another means for employers  to discriminate on the basis of sex by preserving a vague standard for  employer defense when accused of wage discrimination. Unlike Ms.  Stefanik's proposed amendment, H.R. 7 makes clear that the ``any factor  other than sex'' employer defense must be bona fide, job-related, and  required by business necessity.   Employees must be judged by their education, training or experience  instead of their gender. As women drop out of the workforce in historic  numbers due to the pressures of COVID-19, we have a responsibility to  take every precaution to ensure they do not face discrimination when  they return to the workforce.   The Paycheck Fairness Act ensures all workers will get equal pay for  equal work, regardless of gender. It will prohibit employers from  paying women less simply because another employer paid them less in the  past. It helps to oppose pay discrimination with more speed and  transparency, and allows women to fight pay injustices they may  experience. The Paycheck Fairness Act fixes a systemic injustice that  women have suffered.   This amendment would only water down this landmark civil rights and  labor legislation. Madam Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to  vote ``no'' to this amendment and stand up for equity.    