 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr President, I come to the floor today to join my  colleague Senator Collins from Maine, who will be here shortly, who is  also my cochair of the Diabetes Caucus, to reintroduce the Improving  Medicare Beneficiary Access to Innovative Diabetes Technologies Act.  This is legislation that would establish a task force to provide  recommendations to help  [[Page S4658]]  guide Medicare's decisions on coverage and payment for new technologies  to improve the lives of people with diabetes.   I have had the opportunity to see the challenges that families with  members who have type 1 diabetes face. My granddaughter, my oldest  granddaughter, has type 1 diabetes, and I know the challenges her  family faces navigating a complex web of insurance coverage rules for  technologies. Anytime a new technology comes out that would benefit  her, to get the insurance companies to adopt those technologies is a  huge challenge, and it requires hours of phone time with the insurance  company, trying to persuade them that they should provide the coverage.   Well, we know that these insurance companies often base their  coverage and reimbursement rules on Medicare. That is why it is so  important for the Medicare Program to keep pace with the development of  new diabetes technologies and devices.   I appreciate the opportunity to work with Senator Collins on a  regular basis in the Diabetes Caucus. In 2017, we were successful in  pressing Medicare to cover continuous glucose monitors, something that  seems like an obvious choice given the difference that those CGMs can  make for people who have diabetes and ensuring that their blood sugar  stays stable. We have also worked together to ensure that Medicare  provides flexibility so that patients can use smartphone apps with  their continuous glucose monitors.   In the years to come, we need Medicare to make progress toward  covering the artificial pancreas, a landmark development that will be  the most significant change for people with diabetes since insulin was  discovered, but to do this, we shouldn't have to resign ourselves to  this piecemeal approach to Medicare coverage that requires continual  pressure from Congress and advocates.   We need an independent body, like the one that is identified in our  legislation, to help provide recommendations to Medicare so that its  coverage of new technologies can adapt more quickly as innovation  advances. That is why I am proud to be here on the floor and proud to  join Senator Collins in reintroducing this bill. I hope my colleagues  will take a look at it, decide that it merits passage, and work with us  to get that done.   My colleague has arrived on the floor.   Senator Collins, I was just saying that I was very proud to be able  to join you in reintroducing this legislation, and hopefully this  session, we will be able to get it done. Thank you for your leadership,  and I look forward to hearing your comments and to working to get this  passed.   