 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a legend and the  conscience of this Congress, a civil rights hero and a dear friend, the  late Representative John Lewis.    I stand here today also to give honor to the facilitator for this  hour, and that is Sheila Jackson Lee; and also to honor the current  chair of the Black Caucus because we in the Black Caucus remind  ourselves that we are the conscience of Congress. We could never forget  that with John Lewis and his guidance because the pictures that you saw  displayed by Terri Sewell are the things that when we looked at John  Lewis, we have flashbacks of the sacrifices he made so that we could  enjoy the freedoms that we have.   Yesterday marked the 56th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, the first of  which was commemorated without John standing there welcoming all of us.  Although he is not with us, his life serves as a blueprint of how we  can make this country a better place. Every single day John was  committed to justice, equality, and a little bit of good trouble. We  must carry on this legacy by working to restore the Voting Rights Act.   I remember one time being challenged by John. He said, ``Why do you  think they worked so hard? Why do you think they worked so hard to take  away your right to vote?'' He said that we have to stand up, and we  can't allow that freedom and the right in our democracy to vote.   We passed the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act once before.  And I stand with my colleague, Terri Sewell. We will pass it again. In  honor of John's memory and the hundreds of civil rights activists who  were beaten on the Edmund Pettus Bridge and the countless others who  have fought for voting rights, we must pass this bill again.   As John famously said, ``Never, ever be afraid to make some noise and  get into good trouble.''   He reminded us that that good trouble was necessary trouble for the  rights and freedoms of Americans--all Americans.   While we say we miss John, he has not left because of the memories,  the  [[Page H1101]]  blood he shed, the example he led, and his constant voice in our ears  to never, ever give up. I stand here today to honor him.   