 Mr. President, I want to begin by thanking the chairman  of our EPW Committee. We work tremendously well together.   He gave a great speech right there, outlining not only the  difficulties that we had reaching consensus but really how the building  blocks of what we are embarking on today really came from the  bipartisanship that we have shown at EPW with our surface  transportation and our water bills.   I think, you know, by having those building blocks in place, it has  led us to where we are today.   And I do remember that first meeting with President Biden in the  White House. It is not every day you get to go to the White House and  sit in the Oval Office and talk to the President of the United States  and Vice President. But we started out with basically saying that we  can do this, we want to do this, and bipartisanship can work,  particularly on areas that we traditionally work together on, but also  on areas that are of critical need to our country. And we never really  sort of lost our focus on that, and neither did the President.   So here we are today, really meeting that challenge that he sort of  laid down before us over 6 months ago. And with the building blocks  that us and Commerce and others have put into place, we find ourselves  with the great hard work of the bipartisan group and a great place of-- at a point at which we can discuss these, amend these, and look at  these on the Senate floor, as we should be doing.   So after months and months of negotiating, the time is finally here.  A lot of people, in pun, said we would never get here. As a matter of  fact, I had an interview on national TV about 3 or 4 months ago, when I  was leading the effort for the Republicans, and the commentator said:  Well, I will believe bipartisanship on infrastructure when pigs fly.   So watch out. They are flying.   So we are debating this historic bipartisan infrastructure bill. The  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act is the product of countless  hours, as the chairman said; late nights; and more than a couple of  tough conversations. And I want to include not just our staff but a lot  of staffs throughout the Senate, whether it is the Finance Committee,  Approps Committee, Commerce Committee, Banking Committee, EPW  Committee, Energy Committee, all-encompassing--a lot of our staffs have  been working through the weekends sleeplessly to try to get us to  today.   We debated the definition of infrastructure. We actually talked about  that at the White House on the day we went to see the President and  what that scope should look like and the pricetag and, very important,  how to pay for it.   I think that nobody, probably, of the 100 of us thinks this bill is  absolutely perfect. It never would be. And there is always a saying  going around that, if we all thought it was perfect, there is something  wrong with it.   So delivering for the American people is more important than our  newspaper headlines today. We can make a historic investment in our  Nation's infrastructure with this bill. It reflects our commitment to  keeping Americans safe, as the chairman mentioned; improving our global  competitiveness; and growing our economy and creating jobs. This  legislation gives States both the certainty in funding to plan for big  projects, but also that flexibility in spending to cater to unique  needs.   What you need in Georgia is different than what you need in Delaware,  or my other colleague from Montana would differ from what we need in  West Virginia. This bill is a product that the American people can be  proud of and one that will benefit them and the next generation. This  is not a one-and-done. The impacts of this bill will go on through a  generation.   So after we had the meeting with the President--the bipartisan  meeting--the President put out his American Jobs Act. He actually  challenged my party, the Republican Party, to come up with a reaction  to his American Jobs Plan. And I took up that challenge, along with the  ranking members of the relevant committees. So that would be Senators  Wicker, Toomey, Barrasso, Crapo, and Senator Blunt, and we went back to  the White House. And I was talking to Senator Carper the entire time  through this process to make sure that our surface transportation bill,  which we were in the midst of negotiating, was going to be the building  block on which we could formulate a bipartisan agreement. And the  Drinking Water and Wastewater bill had already passed out this entire  body 89 to 2.   So we decided--and the President was very much in the conversation  and the will to get this done. So our Drinking Water and Wastewater  Infrastructure Act had already passed, as I said, unanimously. We  passed it on the floor, 89 to 2. And we were making steady progress on  our Surface Transportation Reauthorization bill.   At this point, the talks between the President and me and our working  group, as Republicans, began to falter, and the bipartisan group picked  up with the President. I am really, really glad and proud of their  efforts that they were able to come to an agreement that is before us  today. As I am going to reiterate again because I think we are going to  be saying this a lot, I am glad that the basis of this are the two  bipartisan bills that came out of the EPW Committee.   There are several provisions I would like to highlight as we begin  this process.   Roads and bridges are what we think of when we think of  infrastructure. We talked a lot about this over the last several  months. As ranking member of the EPW Committee, one of my top  priorities, along with Chairman Carper, is the reauthorization of the  Surface Transportation Reauthorization bill. We worked painstakingly;  and those were a lot of sleepless nights, too, for many of us and our  staffs, in particular, to write a bill to meet our transportation  needs. And the chairman outlined a lot of what his priorities were, and  I am going to talk about some of what the priorities that I had,  sharing his priorities as well.   I came to the table with several major priorities for that bill, and  I am proud to say that each one of them is in this bill that we are  getting ready to consider. I wanted a robust investment in our Nation's  roads and bridges. Nothing bugs people more, literally, than driving  into a pothole when they know they are paying a gas tax and when they  know they are trying to do their best to support their State and local  to repair their roads. But it is, I think, the least, I think, that  Americans--as they are going to work or going to school or going  shopping--would expect that they could be safe as they are traveling.   I came to the table, and we did a robust $303.5 billion over 5 years  for the Federal-Aid Highway Program, which, as the chairman said, is a  35-percent increase over current law. That investment represents  historic funding. These are historic levels of funding for our roads  and bridges and provides States that long-term certainty that they need  to plan and complete a project. I am sure the chairman has projects in  his State that have been on the burner, waiting to be done or partially  finished, and they can't get the investment because they can't get the  [[Page S5536]]  long-term investment that we provided in our bill.   So I specifically made funding for our Nation's bridges a priority.  West Virginia has so many bridges. It is a small State, but we have got  a lot of hills and valleys, so we need a lot of bridges.    One recent report said that 21 percent of West Virginia's bridges are  in poor condition. Another report says that 13 percent of our  interstate bridges are in poor condition. So that latter figure of the  interstate bridges is the highest one in the Nation. Our bill created a  new bridge program. We worked hard with our colleagues to make sure  that there is a massive infusion, which there is, on top of what we had  in our bill in the appropriations package.   The overall package includes $40 billion in dedicated resources for  bridges. This is the single largest investment in bridge infrastructure  since the construction of the Interstate Highway System. This is money  that will make a difference for West Virginia and the rest of the  Nation.   Second, I wanted to preserve the flexibility for our States and  localities to use Federal funds to meet their own unique transportation  needs. That priority is reflected in the fact that 90 percent of the  EPW bill's funding will be provided to our States through the formula-- that means the predictability of the formula that every State has  relied on over the last several transportation bills. That is important  because it lets States use the Federal dollars to address their own  priorities. As I said, we have different priorities, from congestion in  urban areas to economic growth in small towns.   And third, I wanted to make sure that all parts of our Nation--not  just urban areas, but the rural areas--benefit from transportation  grant programs. Rural areas can sometimes struggle when it comes to  receiving competitive grants.   It is hard to show cost-benefit analysis. It is hard to show how many  people are being served. But these transportation corridors are so  vital. That is why I am very pleased that the EPW bill creates a new $2  billion rural grant program that will dedicate resources to something  very important to me--the Appalachian Development Highway System, or  the ADHS--and other critical projects across rural America.   We also worked together to provide additional dedicated funding for  the ADHS in the broader legislation.   So what does that mean for my home State?   That means that this funding will aid the completion of Corridor H,  which is the connector to the eastern and central parts of our State  with the Metro and DC area and opening up more opportunities for  economic growth and tourism. So if you are coming from the DC area, you  can just slice right through the center of the State where you can ski  Whitewater, see the beauty of our State, or bring your business.   How about that?   Finally, we hear a lot--everybody hears a lot--from folks back home  that it just takes way too long to develop a project. We sometimes  think sometimes the bureaucracy is our worst enemy when it comes to  building our infrastructure. So we prioritized improvements for the  project delivery process to help road and bridge projects advance from  the planning stage to the completion stage much more rapidly.   I am excited about reforms we had in our EPW bill. Particularly, our  bill codifies the One Federal Decision policy, making it easier for  project sponsors to work through the Federal environmental review  process--not skirting any environmental review, but just expediting it  so it can go quicker, which means more development, more  considerations, but also more efficiency on how you spend your dollars.   The EPW bill makes other commonsense reforms, like allowing States to  be reimbursed for utility relocation necessary for a project while the  review process is ongoing, or even establishing deadlines for Federal  Agencies to make decisions.   These are a few examples of the 19 sections included in the robust  project delivery section of our EPW bill.   Additional provisions in the broader legislation will extend the  FAST-41 permitting reforms to help us build other types of  infrastructure more efficiently.   So my key priorities: Robust investment in roads and bridges,  flexibility for--and certainty for--our States; resources for rural  communities and especially the ADHS, and project delivery improvements  are all reflected in the EPW bill and across the broader package we are  considering.   I am extremely proud of the work we did on our committee to produce  this, and I think it will make significant benefits to our Nation's  infrastructure.   I am also going to talk about our Drinking Water and Wastewater  Infrastructure Act. The chairman went into more detail on it, but you  can see it is very far-reaching. It is the largest, most robust  investment in new areas around this very crucial area. We have  authorized $35 billion for water projects across the country with a  focus on upgrading aging infrastructure. It invests in innovative  technologies and provides assistance to rural and low-income  communities to help them keep their water safe and clean. The bill  provides that flexibility I talked about so that both rural and urban  areas can best address their needs.   The most significant investments are in the Drinking Water and Clean  Water State Revolving Funds, otherwise known as SRFs. Our former  Governors in the body would know all about SRFs, how important they  are. They maximize the authority to the States to determine how best to  address their own challenges with a revolving loan fund to facilitate  additional future investments.   When this water legislation was voted on by the Senate, 89 Senators  supported it. Senators recognized that the legislation will help  thousands of communities to improve their health, safety, and standard  of living. I am very pleased that this bill before us again is a part  of this package--a part of the larger package--so we can make sure that  it gets to the President's desk.   I am glad that the overall package we are considering represents the  largest investment in clean drinking water in our Nation's history.   It also has some niche things in there that are important to me. Just  what we hear anecdotally in our State, we are wasting water in our  State. We have leaky old pipes that just leak out 50 percent of the  water from the treatment facilities to the home. What a waste. Think  about our friends in the West and how precious water is in certain  areas. What a wasteful thing that is. So we addressed some of that into  our bill.   There are a number of other provisions in this large package that  will be significant wins for West Virginia and the Nation. I launched  my Capito Connect initiative in 2015, to help expand broadband  infrastructure in West Virginia. Many communities that lack adequate  broadband service are struggling economically. And I see my fellow  Senator from Montana--we had talked about this endlessly on the  Commerce Committee and how absolutely important it is.   Many communities that lack adequate broadband service are struggling.  It is impossible to compete for new jobs if a community cannot offer  good internet service--I mean, it is just a necessity--causing these  areas to fall further and further behind. So, today, education,  tourism, healthcare, all require high-speed internet service.   Broadband is core infrastructure, and this legislation recognizes  that. It is a major broadband investment that will tremendously help  close the digital divide in this country. We will get it to the last  house. We will get it to the last business.    Additionally, significant funding is included in this package to  improve our Nation's airports.   Funding for the Corps of Engineers will improve our water resources  infrastructure, our locks and dams. We rely a lot on that as you are  going knew down the Ohio Canal, the Big Sandy in through West Virginia.   Reorganization of the AML Program will provide billions of dollars to  clean up abandoned mine sites. Another new program will provide  resources to clean up orphaned oil and gas wells. Both programs will  have a positive effect in this country and particularly in my State.   The items I have highlighted are major wins for West Virginia and the  Nation. They are investments in the next generation, ensuring America  continues to compete on the global stage.  [[Page S5537]]    I would like to thank Senators Portman and Sinema for their  leadership on this legislation and the entire bipartisan working group  for their hours and hours of long work.   I would especially like to thank--and we are going to be together a  lot here in the next several days--my counterpart, ``Carper diem,''  Chairman Carper of the EPW Committee.   I would also like to thank President Biden for his commitment and his  willingness to see this bipartisan work product through. I would like  to add that I would like to thank the President's staff because I know  that they have committed hours and hours to this effort, beginning with  me and ending where we are today.   I hope this isn't the end. I mean, I hope this is the beginning of  things that we are going to be doing together. I hope this isn't a one- and-done. I hope this is the beginning of all good things.   The American people elected us to do this tough work. Tough  compromises are necessary to develop and pass bipartisan bills, and I  believe this legislation is a major positive step.   I look forward to working with my colleagues as we begin the  amendment process so that we can advance this package.   I would like to join with Chairman Carper in thanking our staff  members who have worked so hard on the EPW bill.   As the Senator mentioned, I see his staff over there and part of my  staff over here.   At the risk of picking one of my favorite children off the EPW  Committee, I am going to name my entire staff because they all had a  hand in this. So I would like to thank Lauren Baker; Murphie Barrett;  Libby Callaway; Georgianna Clemmons, who is going to be a mom in about  a month; Marli Collier; Travis Cone; Sarah Delavan; Will Dixon;  Elizabeth Horner; Max Hyman; Tyler Jenkins; Jess Kramer; Jake Kennedy;  Matt Lupes; Kayla McMurry; Taylor Meredith; Jacob Mitchell; Kelley  Moore; Katherine Smith; and my staff leader, Adam Tomlinson--I will  give him an extra check because he is an amazing person--Travis Voyles;  and Andy Zock for their tireless efforts that have helped advance this  committee's infrastructure legislation.   On my personal office team, I would like to thank my chief of staff,  Joel Brubaker, and JT Jezierski for their leadership.   I say to the Senator that I also want to thank his staff. We have  worked really well. You and I work well together, but our staffs really  do, I think, rely on one another. And that is the way it should be.   I would like to especially thank Mary Frances Repko because she has  devoted many hours and time--she and Adam--I don't know how many times  they have talked on the phone, but it is many, many, many--Rebecca  Higgins, John Kane, Greg Dotson, Laura Gilliam, Jordan Baugh, Heather  Dean, Mackie McIntosh, Annie D'Amato, Kenneth Martin, and Tyler  Hoffman-Reardon for their dedication for this process as well.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, I don't have an objection. I just  wanted to say to the--to Chairman Carper here and others in the  bipartisan group and all of us here: We are ready to get this thing  started.   This is a great way for Members to say what they like and what they  don't like, and the amendment process is on its way.   Thank you.    Madam President, I would just like to join my chairman  and thank him again. This will be our third amendment of the night. I  think it shows good progress for all of us.   