 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to  the PRO Act.   The efforts by House Democrats to kill flexible work options in  America do not consider the harmful effects this bill will have on  mothers. This bill would force workers out of their individual labor  agreements and into one-size-fits-all union contracts.   I have seven children, and balancing work and family is an issue that  I truly care about. For many mothers, flexible work opportunities are  their lifeline. Federal law should not discourage mothers from working  in positions that fit their unique schedules and needs. When given  flexible opportunities, mothers are able to advance their careers while  balancing competing priorities of childcare, education, caring for sick  or aging family members, and so much more.   The only thing that this bill is pro on is big labor. The PRO Act is  a massive expansion of union bosses' power at the expense of workers  and employers' freedom.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to  call up H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act, to get our kids out from  behind screens and back in the classroom.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and  colleague, Congressman Biggs, for this Special Order.   We swore an oath to defend the Constitution, which includes the  Second Amendment. But now, Democrats are going back on that oath by  proposing H.R. 8, saying that we should enforce universal background  checks on guns.    Continuing to put forth far-reaching laws on guns will only  significantly increase the burden of the millions of law-abiding  Americans who wish to exercise their Second Amendment right to self- defense.   In my State of Illinois, Chicago has the fourth-strictest gun laws in  the country, but criminal misuse of firearms in Chicago remains at the  top of the list. This is because, if there is one thing that we know  about criminals, it is that they don't care about obeying the law.   The Second Amendment was written to prevent the government from  seizing arms. H.R. 8 is an attack on our rights and is one step closer  to doing exactly what our Founders were guarding against.   We do not need to punish law-abiding citizens. Instead, we should do  all we can to cherish and protect this right that we are so blessed to  have.   