 Madam Speaker, I thank the Congressional Black Caucus.  I want to recognize and say how much we appreciate and how much  Congress has benefited from the bold leadership of our chair, Joyce  Beatty. I thank her for hosting, with the Congressional Black Caucus  leadership, this Special Order hour.   Madam Speaker, I rise to speak on the urgent infrastructure issue  that needs and deserves the attention and the action of this body. Our  water infrastructure in the United States is in serious need of repair.   Families in Michigan and across this country are struggling to get  safe and clean drinking water because of lead pipes in their homes and  communities, not to mention the contamination of our water system  sources.   I am from Michigan, and the Great Lakes weigh on my mind constantly  as the largest body of freshwater in this country.   A 2016 study found that there were more than 6 million lead service  lines across the United States, serving 15 to 22 million Americans.  This is a crisis.   Madam Speaker, I have lived through and witnessed the Flint water  crisis in Michigan. I saw where the people, the United States citizens  of this country,  [[Page H3236]]  their drinking water was poisoned, and because of that, we saw them  getting sick and being hospitalized.   I am sad to say, not only did it happen in Flint, but it is happening  all over our country. This issue disproportionately affects communities  of color and the poor.   We have an opportunity, a once in a generation chance, to rebuild our  infrastructure and to build back better for the American people. The  Americans Jobs Plan and the bipartisan infrastructure framework both  tackle our water infrastructure problem.   These proposals will replace lead pipelines across this country. It  is an action that is long overdue.   This is an investment that could not come soon enough. I want this  Congress to know that the Federal investment in public water  infrastructure projects--it is embarrassing to say--under our watch has  fallen from 63 percent of our overall investment in 1977 to just 9  percent in 2014. Let me repeat that. We invested, at one time, as a  government, 63 percent in our water, and now it is down to 9 percent.  This is unacceptable.   Let's pass a comprehensive infrastructure package to rebuild our  water infrastructure, fix our roads and bridges, and invest in electric  vehicles while creating good-paying jobs and positioning ourselves for  the future.   This is a public health issue; it is a racial justice issue; and it  is an economic justice issue. Access to clean water is a basic  necessity for human life.   I am grateful to stand with my colleagues from the Congressional  Black Caucus and call for our Nation's investment in infrastructure.  This is our power, and this is our message. We must get this done.   