 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous  question.   If the previous question is defeated, Republicans will amend this  rule to immediately consider House Resolution 153, the condemning  recent hate crimes committed against Asian Americans and Pacific  Islanders.   This bipartisan bill was the very first bill I introduced in  Congress.   I am here today to condemn the recent discrimination and violence the  AAPI community has experienced. I spoke on this issue yesterday, and I  am proud to be standing here again today.   I was born in Korea and raised in Japan. I am living my American  Dream and I am a proud American. I am honored every day to represent my  community in Congress. Unfortunately, hate crime against the Asian- American community is not new. And as an American who loves this  country dearly, this issue is very personal to me.   Hate crimes committed against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders  have been on the rise since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. Between  March and December of last year, nearly 3,000 firsthand accounts of  Asian-American and Pacific Islander hate crimes were recorded in the  United States. The reporting has now been updated by the group Stop  AAPI Hate, and between March 2020 and March 2021, more than 6,000 hate  crimes or hate incidents were reported. This includes physical assault,  verbal assault, and online bullying of Asian Americans.   My home State of California makes up more than 40 percent of these  incidents and crimes. It is heartbreaking to read the news stories of  these crimes, and my heart goes out to all those who have been victims  of this violence. That is why the first bill I introduced in Congress  in February was H. Res. 153. It is the only bipartisan legislation in  the House of its kind, and I am proud that it has been cosponsored by  several of my Democratic colleagues, including Congressmembers  [[Page H2566]]  Katie Porter, Lou Correa, Alan Lowenthal, and   Mike Levin.   This resolution is very simple. It condemns all expressions of anti- Asian and Pacific Islander intolerance, and calls on Federal, State,  and local officials to work together to investigate and improve  reporting of these crimes.   Yesterday, I spoke about how I was disappointed that this truly  bipartisan resolution was not a part of this fixed conversation, and  was not being considered on the floor. But, today, we have another  opportunity to show solidarity with our AAPI community and vote on my  bipartisan resolution.   Discrimination and hate against any community are against the  fundamental values of American cultural. Discrimination and hate have  no place in this great country. Madam Speaker, I am proud that my  resolution has support from both sides of the aisle, unlike the other  bills on the floor today. I hope we can work together to put an end to  this hate. I am asking my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question so that I can bring my bipartisan bill condemning hate crimes  against AAPI on the floor.    