 Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. Foxx for her  leadership.   Every small business has its own unique characteristics and  challenges, and that is a good thing. Having diversity of business  structures and operations is what makes America productive and  competitive. The Federal Government should move with caution when they  pass legislation which puts every detail and decision of American  businesses under overbearing rules and regulations.   There are already laws in effect which prevent employers from  discriminating against older Americans. As it should be, age  discrimination in the workplace is illegal.  [[Page H3055]]    I oppose H.R. 2062 because there has not been thoughtful deliberation  with the real Americans involved. The proponents of this bill have not  provided the Members of this body with data and evidence which shows  that the regulatory changes in this bill are needed or even wanted.   The legislation before us today represents big wins for the  Democrats' special interests--namely, trial lawyers, not working-class  America.   Our land is the land of opportunity because everyone from all ages  and walks of life has the chance to participate and prosper, and  thankfully, they are protected by law against discrimination. Rather  than successfully addressing real-world problems, this bill will only  enrich Democrats' political allies.   I strongly urge a ``no'' vote on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, the Biden administration is  promoting its American Jobs Plan as an infrastructure proposal. In  reality, it is just a tax-and-spend package that has little to do with  actual infrastructure.   We can all agree that the Nation's infrastructure is a key component  to a well-functioning economy. However, Democrats are disguising a  liberal wish list of big government programs as infrastructure.    Of the $2.25 trillion in total spending, only 5 percent is going to  go toward traditional road infrastructure projects.   The Biden administration is labeling everything they propose as  infrastructure in an attempt to deceive the American people into  thinking that they are talking about roads and bridges.   Our constituents deserve an honest accounting of what Congress  proposes to do with their hard-earned tax dollars.   President Biden's infrastructure plan is not about infrastructure; it  is about growing the size and power of the Federal Government.   This plan is fiscally irresponsible, and it adds to the massive debt  burden that we are leaving our children and grandchildren. We should  mourn over what we are leaving our children and grandchildren.   The American people deserve better.   