 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to speak for up to 10 minutes, followed by Senators Carper and Schumer  for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, well, it is great to be on the floor  today. I think we have much to celebrate. We have a lot of tired  people, I think, who have devoted a lot of time and energy to this  effort. And so, after a long week of amendments, it is time to get this  done.   Isn't it, Senator Carper, my chairman on EPW?   We have talked all week about how the Infrastructure Investment and  Jobs Act delivers for the American people, and I am proud that the  foundation of this bill--the foundations of this bill--is, as the  Senator from Ohio just mentioned, based off of the two very bipartisan,  unanimously bipartisan, EPW infrastructure bills that we passed in the  spring.   This historic investment reflects our commitment to keeping America  safe, improving our global competitiveness, and growing our economy. So  I am going to go through a few of the highlights because I think they  are important for the American people to know exactly what this bill  does.   It provides $303.5 billion over 5 years for Federal highway  programs--a 35-percent increase from the last bill.   There is a new $2 billion rural surface transportation grant that  will dedicate resources to the Appalachian Development Highway System  that runs through many of our States and other critical projects across  rural America.   Combined, the overall package includes $40 billion in dedicated  resources for bridges--the single largest investment in bridge  infrastructure construction of the Interstate System.   I am from a small State. I got a lot of bridges. I got a lot of  bridges, and, unfortunately, a lot of them are not in the best  condition. This would be a monumental improvement in what I see every  day in my State.   The bill authorizes $35 billion for water projects across the  country, with a focus on upgrading aging infrastructure. This is a bill  that we passed out of our EPW Committee.   It invests in innovative technologies and provides assistance to  rural and low-income communities to help them keep their water safe and  clean.   This package represents the largest investment in clean drinking  water in  [[Page S6201]]  our Nation's history. That is something that I think we all can be  proud of.   There is funding for broadband--essential to this 21st-century  economy--education, tourism, healthcare, and all of the things we have  realized that broadband brings us and how important it is for each  family and each business to have it; ports, airports, locks and dams.  Funding for the Corps of Engineers will improve our water resources  infrastructure, facilitating the movement of goods and mitigating flood  risks.   Reauthorization of the AML Program will provide billions of dollars  to clean up abandoned mine sites. It is important in our State.  Pennsylvania has got a lot of them too   We are fighting against climate change, and we are cleaning up our  environment.   This legislation doesn't just invest in our infrastructure, but it  will allow projects to move more quickly. Far too often, infrastructure  projects are delayed because of the expensive and arduous environmental  review and permitting process.   An environmental impact statement under the NEPA Act for highway  projects takes an average of 7 years. Think about how long that is and  how much more money that costs.   The highway bill unanimously approved by our EPW Committee includes  numerous project delivery provisions to provide a more efficient,  predictable process.   Notably, it codifies ``One Federal Decision.'' One Federal Decision  for highway projects would establish a 2-year goal for completing  environmental reviews. This isn't skirting the environmental process.  This isn't running roughshod over it. This is putting a time clock on  it. Let's move it.   It requires predictable schedules coordinated by Agencies and  requires a single environmental document with concurrent reviews,  providing accountability and transparency.   The EPW bill that we passed makes other commonsense reforms, like  allowing States to be reimbursed for early utility relocation necessary  for a project while the process is ongoing.   Additional provisions in the broader legislation will extend the  FAST-41 permitting reforms, with which Senator Portman is very, very  instrumental, to help us build other types of infrastructure more  efficiently.   The reforms and investments this bill makes aren't just for now but  for the next generation.   We have had a very lengthy and robust debate on the Senate floor. I  would like to thank Senators Portman and Sinema; Senator Collins, who  is on the floor; Senator Portman, Senator Sinema, all of the group of  20. If I start naming them, I am going to leave somebody out. But,  particularly, Senators Portman and Sinema picked up the ball where I  left it. You know, I would like to think I got it to the 5-yard line.  Maybe not so quite, but I got the ball rolling, and I got it moving in  the right direction, and then they did the tough sledding ahead, and I  thank them for that.   I would also like to thank my counterpart, Chairman Carper. He has  been great in managing this bill on the floor but also to keep the  guardrails on that we established to make sure that the group--the  bipartisan group--was following along with what the committee had  unanimously passed and how we felt would be the most effective way to  invest in our infrastructures for the future.   I would like to thank my entire EPW Committee team, starting with my  staff director, Adam, who has been with me for many, many years. What  you don't know, and what I know, is that Adam was back in the back with  Mary Frances, and they were the traffic cops through the whole  amendment process, working with the committees, the different five  committees; Republican, Democrat; leadership, leadership; all of the  different individual Members.    So I am going to give Adam 1 day off, and then I think he will be  right back at it. But he is really irreplaceable to our committee but  also to this whole process.   And also in the Chamber with us today, Lauren Baker and Murphie  Barrett have many, many hours of just incredible depth of knowledge in  this area. We couldn't have done it without you.   I am going to name the rest of my staff who is not here with us:  Libby Callaway, Georgianna Clemmons, who I announced has still not had  her baby--I announced it last I time mentioned her; she is still  waiting--Marli Collier, Travis Cone, Sarah Delavan, Will Dixon,  Elizabeth Horner, Max Hyman, Tyler Jenkins, Jess Kramer, Jake Kennedy,  Matt Lupes, Kayla McMurry, Taylor Meredith, Jacob Mitchell, Kelley  Moore, Katherine Smith, Travis Voyles, and Andy Zock for their tireless  efforts that have helped advance our committee's infrastructure  legislation.   On my personal team, I would like to thank my chief of staff, Joe  Brubaker and J.T. Jezierski for their leadership.   I really want to thank Senator Carper's EPW staff, especially Mary  Frances Repko, who is on the floor with the Senator today, but also  Rebecca Higgins, John Kane, Greg Dotson, Laura Gilliam, Heather Dan,  Mackie McIntosh, Annie D'Amato, Kenneth Martin, and Tyler Hoffman- Reardon for their dedication to this process as well.   I will say, under Mary Frances's leadership and Adam's leadership on  my committee, I think they have demonstrated to many committees, and  certainly to us as the chairman and ranking member, that you can have  conversations, communications, and you can work things out. You can  work things out if you just stick with it.   So thank you, both, very, very much.   It is time to bring this bill home and do the work that the American  people expect us to do, which is to find bipartisan, consensus-driven  solutions to our Nation's pressing challenges. And this is a pressing  challenge.   Again, I urge a vote of yes on this historic bipartisan bill that  will improve our core infrastructure.   If we pass this important legislation, I hope that the House will  move swiftly--and as a former Member of the House, as we all are, the  House can move swiftly when they need to--and get this bill to the  President's desk quickly.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 3284 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, I am a strong supporter of carbon  capture, utilization, and sequestration, otherwise known as CCUS.   This technology allows us to turn carbon dioxide into a valuable  product. Some anti-fossil fuel, ``keep it in the ground'' advocates  only support CCUS when it has nothing to do with fossil fuels, and I  believe that is a misguided approach.   If we are serious about supporting and increasing the number of CCUS  projects, which I am and many of us are, we need to support projects of  all types of facilities, including on our coal- and gas-fired  powerplants. We also need to support the use of carbon dioxide to  produce oil through a process called enhanced oil recovery.   I encourage my colleagues to vote yes on amendment No. 3284 and  recognize that smart CCUS policies and fossil fuel use can go hand in  hand.   I yield the floor.   