 Mr. President.    Mr. President, it is an honor to talk about a good  friend of ours, Woody Williams, here with my fellow Senator from the  West Virginia, to talk about our fellow West Virginian, Hershel  ``Woody'' Williams.   He is just an incredible, incredible, individual. He turned 98 just,  I think, last week. So he was born in 1923, which was the same year my  father was born. Woody and I have talked about this because when I see  him, I see my dad and that generation. My dad is no longer with us. You  know, they did incredible things at such a young age.   One day, I was honored to sit next to Woody on an airplane flying  home. He travels all over. It is amazing where he goes and what he  does. He told me his whole story of joining the Marines and signing up  for the Marines and why he wanted to do it. He was a country boy, just  born--they didn't really actually know when he was born. He didn't have  a full birth certificate. And he is a little guy. He wasn't quite big  enough to maybe get--be able to join, and he worried about that. He was  17, but nobody really knew how old he was.   I asked him: Well, what was your attraction of being in the Marines?   He said one day he was in town and he saw this guy walk by, and he  was fully dressed in a Marine uniform.   And he said: I want to be that guy. I want to wear that uniform.   And he persevered, as he has in every aspect of his life.   There are so many, as Senator Manchin said, so many brave from that  ``greatest generation'' that served in World War II. And he is the  final World War II veteran Medal of Honor recipient of that award.   We are so proud of him in West Virginia because, you know, it didn't  stop there for him. He spent a lifetime advocating for veterans, for  veterans' health, for fallen soldiers' families, in a whole variety of  roles, and he never stopped.   As Senator Manchin said, he fought valiantly in the Battle of Iwo  Jima, storming those pill boxes, all four of them, under relentless  fire. He survived the entire 5-week campaign in Iwo Jima. As we know,  that was one of the most staunchly defended Japanese strong points at  that time, and his actions played a critical role in the eventual  capture of that island.   He has inspired future generations to want to serve our Nation. He is  a hero for what he has done at home. He has committed himself for 75  years to veterans and their families, and he created the Hershel Woody  Williams Foundation.   Through his foundation, Woody advocates for and recognizes the  sacrifices of our Gold Star families who have lost loved ones in the  military.   Because of his tremendous efforts, Woody and his foundation are  responsible for 60 Gold Star family memorial monuments. Senator Manchin  and I have been to the grand opening. They just had a new one in  Charleston, on the grounds of the Charleston capitol. It is beautiful  to see, and the other 70 additional monuments that are going to be  built in the future.   We need reminders, I think. We need reminders of the sacrifices that  people make. And we need reminders of what it takes to defend our  liberties, our freedoms, our families. So we are really, really pleased  to be here.   The West Virginia Legislature included Woody in the West Virginia  Hall of Fame and named him a Distinguished West Virginian in 1980, and  again in 2013, and they would probably do it again next year. He is  just so exceptional.   His unending energy and passion have also inspired many generations.  He has spoken to numerous schools, universities, community events, and  veterans' receptions, promoting patriotism and the ideals of service  above self.   I have been privileged to attend--and I know Senator Manchin has  too--several speeches given by Woody Williams, keeping in mind the last  one I heard, he was 97 years old. Oh, my gosh, so inspiring. It makes  you just want to feel pride for our country but also for our people,  that our country boy from West Virginia could keep inspiring the next  generations.   He has been here to the Halls of the U.S. Capitol. Or you might have  even seen him at the coin flip--how did he get there?--at the Super  Bowl in 2018. So he has gone on to really, I think, be a remarkable  human being. If you haven't met him or haven't seen him, make sure you  get a chance if you hear he is coming your way.   Abraham Lincoln famously said: ``Any nation that does not honor its  heroes will not long endure.''   Today, I am proud to honor my friend, with Senator Manchin and many  other West Virginians and others around the country, and to share his  stories of courage, compassion, and the service not only in the past  but the service that he has today. I am glad to join a bipartisan group  of our colleagues in honoring him and honoring him in the future.   Thank you.   I yield back.   