 Madam President, my colleague from Utah tells a nice  story, but it is not accurate. He is not being honest about what is  going on with the global gag rule, and I am really disappointed that he  is once again trying to push this dangerous legislation.   As I pointed out when I objected to the same bill less than a year  ago, the policy in question closes health clinics, decreases care, and  needlessly puts the lives of women, children, and families at risk. In  fact, instead of protecting life, the global gag rule erects new  barriers to critical health services, including reproductive health  services for people and communities that already have limited access to  affordable, quality healthcare.   And let's be clear: America's taxpayer dollars do not go to fund  abortions overseas.   What my colleague is objecting to is funding for family planning  services to help women protect their families. And the policy that he  wants to codify into law is dangerous in the best of times, but during  a global pandemic, when care is already stretched, it is downright  deadly.   The Guttmacher Institute estimates that a 10-percent--just a 10- percent decline in family planning services, including reduced access  to reversible contraception and pregnancy and newborn healthcare,  results in 49 million more women with unmet contraceptive needs; 15  million additional unintended pregnancies; 1.7 million women and 2.6  million newborns who will experience major complications due to not  receiving the care they need; and most unfortunate and sad, 28,000 more  maternal deaths and 168,000 more newborn deaths because of this policy.  And that is just a modest 10-percent reduction in family planning  access.   So if you really care about families and newborns, you will ensure  that they have access to the critical services that they need so they  don't have those unintended pregnancies.   It is safe to say that the COVID-19 pandemic, which has diverted care  and shut down access to family planning clinics across the globe, is  greatly exacerbating the situation. So now is not the time to place  draconian limits on family planning dollars.   In fact, we need a renewed commitment to comprehensive family  planning. That is why last week, along with 47 of our colleagues, we  reintroduced the bipartisan Global Health Empowerment and Rights Act.  The bill, also known as Global HER, would ensure that care is not  limited based on the President in the White House because if we are  going to actually get serious about improving the lives of women and  girls, we should be working to end the global gag rule, not to expand  it.   So for all of these reasons, I object to my colleague's request.    Madam President, again, I would just like to correct  what my colleague is saying. We do not use foreign aid money to perform  abortions overseas. In fact, a poll conducted by CHANGE, Center for  Health and Gender Equity, demonstrates that 59 percent of likely  voters--if we want to talk about polls--59 percent of likely voters in  America oppose banning U.S. global health assistance going to  organizations in other countries that provide legal and safe abortions  or abortion referrals. Only 30 percent support this policy.   Research published in the Lancet medical journal last July found that  the global gag rule under President George W. Bush--which was  implemented on an exponentially smaller scale than what was done by  President Trump and what is proposed in the law that my colleague from  Utah is asking for unanimous consent to put forward, that kind of  reduction in access to services increases a country's typical abortion  rate by 40 percent while reducing the use of modern contraceptives by  3.5 percent.   See, this is what happens when you don't base policy decisions on  scientific data. You get these kinds of narratives that are absolutely  inaccurate. What we know and what is repeatedly evident through the  research is that the global gag rule or, as my colleague calls it,  protecting life in global health assistance, actually increases  abortions.   It is, unfortunately, simple logic. Decreasing access to family  planning methods like modern contraception, counseling, and the health  spacing and timing of pregnancies, directly leads to more unwanted  pregnancies. But because this policy also limits abortion services that  organizations provide with other non-U.S. funds, women with unwanted  pregnancies are forced to seek out unsafe abortions. That is why we see  the abortion numbers increase. So it is a lose-lose policy, and, of  course, it is women and children who pay the price.   The Foundation for AIDS Research found that one-third of 286 PEPFAR  Programs implementing partners who were surveyed had altered their  services or organizational operations in response to the global gag  rule under former President Trump--a great program, PEPFAR, under  George W. Bush, that has saved millions of lives, and yet what we saw  under the Trump implementation of the global gag rule is that they had  to alter the services that they provided, including reducing sexual and  reproductive health and pregnancy counseling, youth outreach,  contraception services, and HIV counseling, testing, and treatment.   The policies that my colleague is advocating for makes the situation  worse for women and families, and if he would look at the scientific  data, he would understand that.   I yield the floor.   