 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend,  Congresswoman Fischbach, for yielding me time.   I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can take  up my bill, H.R. 1897, the REACT Act.   My bill would require the Department of Homeland Security to test all  migrants illegally crossing our border who they plan to release into  our communities for COVID-19.   Yesterday, I traveled to El Paso, Texas, to meet with the men and  women of the United States Customs and Border Protection. I saw  firsthand the crisis they are facing and believe it is our job as  Congress to do everything in our power to address it.   CBP is currently encountering more than 3,000 migrants on average per  day, which is rapidly approaching levels seen at the height of the 2019  crisis. To put this in perspective, President Obama's Secretary of  Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson, stated during his tenure that 1,000  apprehensions a day was considered a bad day. We are at more than three  times that now, and on top of it, we continue to face a global  pandemic.   In February, CBP encountered over 100,000 migrants on the southwest  border trying to illegally enter our country. This does not include  those migrants who may have gotten away or evaded detection, some of  whom may be positive for COVID-19.   The Department of Homeland Security announced today that we are on  track to encounter the highest number of migrants along the southwest  border in the last 20 years. Seasonally, migration gets worse in the  spring months of April and May, so we are likely to see these numbers  increase over the coming months.   Yesterday, I heard directly from the Border Patrol agents that few,  if any, of the thousands of migrants we saw in CBP custody are being  tested for COVID-19. These migrants, and children, in particular, are  being held in facilities that are already at capacity, and often for  longer than the 72-hour limit permitted by law. According to recent  reports, as of March 8, 185 migrants released into Brownsville, Texas,  have tested positive for COVID-19.   Border security and immigration is not an issue that only affects  border States. It affects every community across the country. If the  Biden administration continues to release these migrants, they will not  stay in our border communities. Instead, they will travel to every  State. Without proper testing and quarantine, they are likely to bring  COVID-19 with them, and the communities to which they are transferred  are unaware.   As a physician and former director of the Iowa Department of Public  Health, I know that the COVID-19 pandemic is not yet over. We must  ensure that any individuals the Biden administration insists on  releasing into our communities do not have COVID-19. This is also why I  support reinstating the PAUSE Act, to prevent the introduction of new  COVID-19 cases from Canada and Mexico.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to  require that we keep all of our communities and these migrants safe and  to stop spreading COVID-19 by voting ``no'' on the previous question.   