 Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, I came to Congress, and one of  my first actions as a Member was cosponsoring this bipartisan  legislation that will save lives.   Mr. Speaker, I know the pain of gun violence firsthand. Eight years  ago, I lost my son, Jordan, a victim of a gun in the wrong hands.   With this legislation, we empower law enforcement to keep guns from  those who might do harm by simply requiring a background check whenever  a gun is sold. This is commonsense legislation that will prevent more  families from knowing the pain of losing a loved one to gun violence.   Just like 2 years ago, our vote today is a beginning, and it is  definitely not the end. In again passing this commonsense bipartisan  legislation, we call on our colleagues in the Senate to do what is  right to keep America's families safe.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud once again to stand in support of this  legislation as a survivor of gun violence myself.   Mr. Speaker, Congress refusing to pass this vital legislation would  be America's shame and burden for generations to come.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler for yielding, and I  also thank Representative Clyburn, the author of this legislation, H.R.  1446, for this bill.   Mr. Speaker, domestic violence claims the lives of far too many, and  it is especially deadly when it occurs in a household with a gun.  Women, as we know, bear most of this violence.   In the United States there are one million women alive today who have  reported being shot or shot at by an intimate partner, and there are  many more who have been threatened or killed with a gun. And we haven't  even yet discussed what the additional stressors of COVID-19 have done  exponentially around the country in households when there is a gun in  the household.   Closing the Charleston loophole is a critical step to prevent abusers  from obtaining a weapon. This is not about infringing upon anyone's  Second Amendment rights. Law-abiding gun owners who are duly licensed  and permitted, this is not about preventing them from being able to  have a gun.   This is a critical step to prevent abusers from obtaining a weapon, a  weapon that will likely be used to escalate their abuse and a weapon  that may have deadly consequences. And as a survivor of gun violence, I  know what I am talking about.   With this bill and with this amendment we can help prevent abuse,  protect our families, and gather data to inform further steps to keep  every American safe. That is our right. That is not a privilege.   In the next months, we will continue to remember those that we have  lost to gun violence in Charleston and all across America.   