 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for hosting this  critical Special Order to discuss the ongoing impact of enhanced  unemployment benefits on Main Street businesses, the American  workforce, and our economic recovery.  [[Page H2262]]    Like many of my colleagues, I have seen ``help wanted'' signs all  over my district. I have heard from local job creators about the  difficulties they face in hiring workers they need just to stay open.  Many have told me they can't even get people to show up for an  interview.   Enhanced Federal unemployment benefits made sense last year as a way  to keep those who lost a job and to reduce the economic impact of  government-imposed business closures and stay-at-home orders. But now,  we are facing a much different situation today.   Safe and effective vaccines are bringing us closer to defeating  COVID-19. Employers have updated their facilities and operations so  workers can safely return back to work. Businesses are fully operating.   Now is the time to reconnect unemployed workers with their jobs, but  enhanced jobless benefits are discouraging Americans from returning to  work, making it impossible for businesses to hire.   The Democrats' partisan $1.9 trillion spending bill extended  supplemental unemployment benefits of $300 per week until September 6.  At this level, nearly 40 percent of jobless Americans can make more on  unemployment than they can by returning to work.   Main Street businesses shouldn't have to compete with the Federal  Government for workers. In fact, they can't compete with the Federal  Government for workers. The labor shortage currently is crushing small  businesses, which are fighting to keep their businesses alive while  coming out of a pandemic.   In late March, I hosted a virtual roundtable and heard from a Hoosier  who owns a small insulation company. He told me: It has been quite the  burden to have all these tools on hand and all these trucks in the  driveway and to put people in the seats to get them to be able to drive  to homes to provide insulation when nobody wants to come to work.   Just last week, we saw the undeniable impact of these misguided  policies when the monthly jobs report showed hiring slowing to a crawl  in April in this country, despite millions of job openings.   My biggest fear is that we will see permanent job loss across our  economy as small businesses close their doors because they can't hire  workers that they need.   But it is not too late to avoid this outcome. I recently joined Ways  and Means Republican leader Kevin Brady in introducing the Reopening  America by Supporting Workers and Businesses Act. Our bill would turn  extra unemployment benefits into a back-to-work bonus that would  incentivize these workers to come back to work instead of staying on  unemployment. The legislation would also reinstate the Federal  requirement that those receiving unemployment benefits be engaged in  actively searching for a job.    The American people have faced unprecedented challenges since last  spring. Now, safe and effective vaccines have given us renewed hope  that we can defeat COVID-19, rebuild our economy, and return to normal  life.   Let's not put our recovery at risk by pushing workers to the  sidelines of this economy. Let's get Americans back to work, Main  Street businesses back on their feet, and the American Dream back on  track for every single American.   