 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the objection.    Madam Speaker, to ease everyone's nerve, I want Members  to all know that I am not here to challenge anyone to a duel like  Alexander Hamilton or Aaron Burr.   Madam Speaker, my primary objection to the counting of the electoral  votes of the State of Arizona is based on the Constitution and the  direction of State legislatures through State law, as spelled out in  the following two clauses of Article II, Section 1, Clause 2: ``Each  State shall appoint, in such manner as the legislature thereof may  direct, a number of electors.''   And the election clause of the Constitution provides State  legislatures with explicit authority to prescribe ``the times, places,  and manner of holding elections.''   For more than three decades, Arizona law, set by the State  legislature, has required that voter registration end no later than 29  days before an election.   This is clear. It is law, unless amended by the State legislature.  This is the way it needs to be carried out.   In Arizona, the deadline for voter registration for the 2020  Presidential election was October 5, 2020. Using COVID as a reasoning,  Democrats filed a lawsuit to extend this deadline by 18 days. An  injunction was made by an Obama-appointed judge preventing the Arizona  secretary of state from enforcing the constitutional deadline set by  the State legislature.    As a result of this frivolous, partisan lawsuit, 10 extra days were  added via  [[Page H83]]  judicial fiat to allow voter registration. These 10 days were added  after voting had already begun. This is completely indefensible. You  cannot change the rules of an election while it is underway and expect  the American people to trust it.   Now, in this 10-day period, at least 30,000 new voters were  registered to vote in Arizona. All of these votes are unconstitutional.  It does not matter if they voted for President Trump or if they voted  for Vice President Biden. They did not register in time for the  election. The law states October 5. Either we have laws or we do not.   If we allow State election laws as set forth by the State  legislatures to be ignored and manipulated on the whims of partisan  lawsuits, unelected bureaucrats, unlawful procedures, and arbitrary  rules, then our constitutional Republic will cease to exist.   The oath I took this past Sunday to defend and support the  Constitution makes it necessary for me to object to this travesty.  Otherwise, the laws passed by the legislative branch merely become  suggestions to be accepted, rejected, or manipulated by those who did  not pass them.   Madam Speaker, I have constituents outside of this building right  now. I promised my voters to be their voice. In this branch of  government in which I now serve, it is my separate but equal obligation  to weigh in on this election and object.   Are we not a government of, by, and for the people?   They know that this election is not right; and as their  Representative, I am sent here to represent them. I will not allow the  people to be ignored.   Madam Speaker, it is my duty under the U.S. Constitution to object to  the counting of the electoral votes of the State of Arizona. The  Members who stand here today and accept the results of this  concentrated, coordinated, partisan effort by Democrats, where every  fraudulent vote cancels out the vote of an honest America, has sided  with extremists on the left.   The United States Congress needs to make an informed decision, and  that starts with this objection.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast).   