 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous  question. If the previous question is defeated, Republicans will amend  this rule to immediately consider H.R. 682, the Reopen Schools Act.   This bill was introduced by Congresswoman Ashley Hinson, and it would  condition State COVID relief grants for education on schools reopening  so that students can get back in the classroom safely.   In December, Congress sent States $54 billion for K-12 education.  Congresswoman Hinson's bill would ensure this money is used to get  students back in the classroom safely and soon.   In-person learning can be done safely with the right precautions and  safety measures. In Orange County, California, when I was chair of the  Board of Supervisors, we safely allowed schools to reopen in early  September. Children have been able to go to school in person safely,  and the science shows that it has not contributed to significant COVID- 19 outbreaks in our communities.   Congress should be clear that we expect schools to use this funding  to reopen, while keeping students and teachers safe. The science says  students should return to the classroom. The CDC has confirmed that K- 12 schools are not a high-transmission environment. Young kids have an  extremely low infection rate, low transmission rate, and a low rate of  serious illness from COVID-19.   Unfortunately, only one-third of K-12 schools across the country  currently have an in-person learning option available for students. As  a result, kids' mental health is hurting. Students should be  socializing with their peers and in a classroom environment. Child  depression, anxiety, and other mental health issues are rising. Both  parents and children across this Nation continue to suffer because of  the challenges from this long-term lockdown.   While virtual learning can play an important role in offering parents  and students additional education options, it should not be forced on  families by schools unable to offer it effectively. It is unfortunate  this legislation won't even be considered, because doing the right  thing for students should not be a partisan issue. This is a disservice  to students and families across the country who are suffering because  of this pandemic lockdown. Congress should be working in a bipartisan  way to provide targeted help.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote.   