 Mr. President, I was on the floor earlier this week,  and I made a point that I think is really relevant to the discussion  that we are having today as we are now looking straight into these  proposals coming from the administration that would end up totaling $6  trillion in new spending. Now, that is not the annual appropriations;  that is new spending.   The point that I had made was that we have to go back pre-COVID and  remember what was going on in this economy. Everything was thriving,  really thriving, and people kept talking about how great the economy  was. In Tennessee, I had so many people who would say: You know, I have  more money at the end of the month, and before, during the Obama years,  I had too much month left at the end of my money.   Do you know what? They liked having some money left over at the end  of the month.   That economy we had pre-COVID came about because of the Tax Cuts and  Jobs Act. It came about because of the work of President Trump and a  Republican-led House and Senate and, indeed, because of the support  from some of our Democratic friends. This gave us, our country, the  most robust economy we have seen in decades. Unemployment had hit 3.5  percent--historic lows. Wage gains were at a record high.   Pro-growth policies, like the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, had set a new  standard. We proved we don't have to tax and spend ourselves into  oblivion to make a difference in the lives of struggling families. It  is a legacy that my Democratic colleagues wish the American people  would forget because that memory is getting in the way of their work on  behalf of big spending, big government, and big programs that take big  bucks right out of the American taxpayers' pockets.   The Democratic agenda is not cheap. It is going to take a lot of  taxpayer dollars. So how does President Biden intend to pay for this?  It is called a $2 trillion tax hike that targets all of the usual,  supposed villains but that in reality would harm the very people my  colleagues across the aisle insist they are trying to help.   Let's look at the proposed corporate tax hike. Corporations are the  left's favorite villain, and they would certainly suffer under this  scheme, but it is not the CEOs and the high earners who would feel the  pain. As it stands, the proposal would impose a combined corporate tax  rate higher than any other developed nation. It would put us at the top  of the heap in tax rates. The only way American corporations would  maintain their competitiveness is if other countries were to set aside  their advantages, which, of course, we know would never happen. Not  only will the Amazons and the Apples bear the brunt of this decline, so  will nearly a million small businesses. We call them the mom-and-pops,  and they are organized as C-corps.   Workers won't escape the fallout either. When the cost of doing  business goes up, growth and investment stagnate, wages fall, and the  people driving the economy suffer. That is right. This is going to hit  Main Street in local communities where you are going to see small  businesses that cannot afford to keep up with inflation, that cannot  afford these high taxes, and that cannot afford increased regulation.  They are your friends and neighbors who have these small businesses.  They are the ones who are going to suffer. And why will they suffer?  Because the Democratic majority never ceases to have an outsized  appetite for the taxpayers' dollar.   Even conservative estimates from the nonpartisan Joint Committee on  Taxation show that workers will bear a quarter of that new cost of  doing business. The workers, the laborers, are going to have this on  their shoulders. Think about it. Think of what you are doing to  families.   The view doesn't look any better from the owners' side. Anyone taking  advantage of an IRA or a pension plan will see a bigger tax bill too.   Watching this White House make fiscal policy is like watching reruns  of the Obama administration. The formula is the same: Pitch a big idea.  [[Page S2474]]  Sound compassionate. Make a big promise--you are going to help all of  these people--and then send the bill to hard-working taxpayers. They do  it every time.   Increasing taxes is bad enough, but now they are demanding bigger  payouts from struggling families and small businesses on Main Street in  your community, and they are doing this in the middle of a pandemic  recovery. They locked you down, and now they are going to push you  down. They are going to shut the doors of your small business, your  version of the American dream. Do they give a ripping flip? Probably  not. It is all about getting the money to pay for what they want to do.  It is a power grab.   I would encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to  stop the madness, because we know this will cause irreparable harm to  our Nation's already fragile recovery.   I yield the floor.   