 Madam President, today the Senate is voting on  whether to consider the For the People Act, also known as S. 1. I  encourage all my colleagues to support Senate consideration of this  crucial election reform bill.   This legislation would put a stop to new State laws across the  country that are making it harder for Americans to register to vote and  to cast their ballots. So far this year, at least 389 bills to suppress  the ability to vote have been introduced in 48 States. At least 22 of  these new bills have become law in 14 States.   These newly enacted laws undermine the right to vote from every  direction: They create new and unnecessarily strict voter ID laws,  which make it harder to vote for the 11 percent of U.S. citizens who do  not have a government-issued photo ID, many of whom are elderly or low- income. They reduce the timeframes for early voting, a critical method  of voting for many working Americans. And they impose severe  limitations on voting by mail, a strategy that many States have used to  significantly increase voter turnout over recent years.   These attacks have shown no signs of letting up. In Texas, a  restrictive voting bill is pending before the State legislature that  continues to get worse the longer it is considered. In its current  form, the Texas bill would cut early voting hours, ban drive-through  voting, limit vote-by-mail, and add new voter ID requirements for mail- in ballots, along with a host of other restrictions on the right to  vote.  [[Page S4683]]    These restrictions are harmful to our democracy. We should be working  to make it easier for more people to vote, not making it harder. The  right to vote is a bedrock principle of our democracy. Unfortunately,  many States are using unfounded conspiracy theories of voter fraud as  an excuse to pass laws to weaken that fundamental right.   That is why we must pass the For the People Act. This bill will help  to ensure that all Americans are able to vote, free of unnecessary  hurdles and burdens. It includes a number of commonsense reforms that  anyone who believes in the health of our democracy cannot possibly  oppose in good conscience.   For example, one provision of S. 1 requires that States allow voters  to register to vote online. In an age when you can cash a check, buy a  car, and conduct a doctor's appointment entirely online, there is no  reason a voter should not be able to register to vote online.   The bill also invests in the health of our election infrastructure by  securing our voting systems against foreign attacks. The security of  our voting systems should not be a partisan issue.   In addition, S. 1 would ban partisan gerrymandering and require  States to draw their congressional districts using independent  redistricting commissions, like we do in California. Voters should be  able to choose their representatives; representatives should not be  able to choose their voters.   We need to empower the voice of every American in our democracy. We  need to make these commonsense reforms to our elections.   I understand that some of my colleagues have disagreements with  specific parts of the bill. I would urge them to let the legislation  come before the Senate and seek to amend it. But to deny this body the  ability to even debate and consider such an important bill as this is  unacceptable.   The time for these reforms is now. I hope that my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle will support this important legislation.   