 Madam President, I urge my colleagues to confirm Judge  Kit Dimke for a district court vacancy in the Eastern District of  Washington.   To begin, I want to thank President Biden for nominating Judge Dimke  for this position at my strong recommendation. At the start of this  Congress, there were six Federal district court vacancies in Washington  State--six. More than half the Federal bench in Washington State was  empty. Those vacancies put a huge strain on our Federal courts, but  thanks to the quick work of this Senate with Judge Dimke's  confirmation, there will be just two, with another nominee voted out of  committee just yesterday.   We have confirmed more than 30 circuit and district judges to  lifetime appointments and I could not be prouder that, once we confirm  Judge Dimke, four of them will serve Washington State. In this  Congress, we have sent a clear message that the judicial system belongs  to the American people, and it should work for all of the American  people, not just the powerful and well-connected.   We are delivering on that commitment by appointing Federal judges who  reflect the diversity of our communities and who bring important  professional diversity that has been missing from our courts for too  long. Just this Congress, we have confirmed to the Federal bench in my  State Lauren King, a respected Tribal law expert and Washington State's  first Native American Federal judge; Tana Lin, a civil rights lawyer,  the first former public defender, and the first Asian-American Federal  judge in my home State; David Estudillo, the son of immigrants, a  respected State court judge, and a former immigration attorney. And  soon, I hope this Senate will vote to confirm Judge Kit Dimke.   Judge Dimke is currently a Federal magistrate judge for the Eastern  District of Washington. She knows the current judges and the lay of the  land well, having served in that role since 2016, and is a highly  respected judicial colleague. Given her current role, she has  meaningful experience in both criminal and civil Federal litigation.   Judge Dimke's entire career has been in public service; she  previously worked as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in both the Eastern and  Western Districts of Washington. A native of Washington State, she grew  up in rural Asotin County as the child of a cattle ranger and lumber  mill owner; she knows Eastern Washington. Judge Dimke attended the  Running Start program at Walla Walla Community College in high school  and went on to obtain her undergraduate degree from Pepperdine  University and law degree from Vanderbilt. She is someone with a proven  track record who is committed to improving access to the court and will  look for ways for the court to work equitably for all participants and  for each voice to be heard.   Judge Dimke has already demonstrated that commitment as a magistrate  judge, having worked to expand the court's mediation services, improved  and diversified the court's indigent defense services, and more quickly  resolved one of the top areas of litigation that the Eastern District  sees--Social Security disability appeals. She participates in the  court's Judicial Institute, volunteering to judge the court's civics  competitions for students. And she is actively engaged in the court's  external outreach regarding the crisis missing and murdered Native  American and Indigenous women, a significant and serious problem facing  Tribal communities in Washington State.   Bottom line, Judge Dimke is qualified to become a Federal district  court judge and will make an excellent addition to the Federal bench  from the Spokane Courthouse. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting  to confirm her today.   