 Madam President, tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary  of Operation Enduring Freedom, and the start--the beginning--of those  combat operations in Afghanistan. It is a benchmark that makes what has  happened on the ground during and since our disastrous withdrawal from  Kabul all the more disgusting.   Over the past 2 months, we have listened in disbelief as mouthpieces  at the State Department, the Pentagon, and the White House talked about  the Taliban in the same way they would have addressed a legitimate  governing body.   Last week, during a hearing before the Armed Services Committee, we  saw our civilian and military leaders evade responsibility for the  violence, death, and chaos that has occurred on their watch. But we  also listened closely as they revealed appalling inconsistencies  between the spin from the White House and the reality of the situation  on the ground.   Here is the reality: Afghanistan is under the control of terrorists.  These terrorists have longstanding ties with al-Qaida and the Haqqani  network, and those relationships aren't going to take a back seat now  that the Taliban is in charge of the entire country. This was no  ordinary transfer of power. Afghanistan isn't Germany or France or the  United States, and we shouldn't pretend that it is, because it is  impossible to act as a legitimate government when your goal is not to  govern but your goal is to manipulate through acts of terror.   This is what the Taliban is doing, and it is not happening in secret.  The cameras are rolling. The world is watching. Inclusivity clearly  isn't a priority, as much as the White House would like to make out  that it is. The Taliban cleared out the women's affairs ministry and  replaced it with ``Ministry for Preaching and Guidance and the  Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice.''   The Taliban's desire to curry favor with China has Uyghurs living in  Afghanistan running scared. Afghanistan was a haven for these people  during the Cultural Revolution, and now the families of those who fled  are afraid that the Taliban is going to round them up--yes, round up  the Uyghur Muslims--and sell them--that is right--sell them to the  Chinese Communist Party in exchange for economic aid.   Fears that the Taliban would weaponize access to the internet became  reality before the last American left the country. They are well on  their way to creating a tightly controlled online cesspool of dangerous  anti-Western propaganda.   Meanwhile, the Afghan economy is in the gutter. The Taliban's  military campaign shut down basic commerce in much of the country,  making food shortages worse and putting a million children--a million  children--at risk of starvation and death.   Healthcare infrastructure is collapsing. And now the Afghan people  are facing the possibility of blackouts because the Taliban can't be  bothered to figure out how they are going to pay the electric bill.   And what intel we do have suggests that al-Qaida will use this chaos  void left by Biden's disastrous withdrawal to rebuild their operations.  That is right--al-Qaida is present in Afghanistan.   I think it important to understand that all of this violence and  disorder barely scratches the surface of what the Taliban is capable of  instigating.   On August 20, President Biden stated with absolute certainty: ``I  have seen no question of our credibility from our allies around the  world.''   During last week's hearing, General Milley disagreed with that  assessment. I disagree with that assessment, as do many Tennesseeans  that I talk with when I am home every weekend. They understand that  Operation Enduring Freedom may have come to an end, but that the world  is still watching to see how the United States of America is going to  respond to one of the most anti-equality, anti-peace, and anti-freedom  organizations on the face of the Earth.   Our actions and our reactions will inform those from the rest of the  world, and it is time for the Biden administration to recognize that  and to act accordingly.   I yield the floor.   