 Madam President, I hope that you had a marvelous  Mother's Day. I enjoyed so much being back in Tennessee, and over the  past week, I really had the pleasure of hearing from so many  Tennesseans who are just celebrating having reopened businesses and  music venues and public spaces in our communities.   There was a lot of happiness across our State as I was there.  Everywhere you looked, you could see evidence that people are ready to  get back to work, and they want to get back to life as normal.   There is also a lot of evidence that local businesses are ready to  get back to normal. You cannot walk 10 feet in Knoxville, TN, for  example, without running into a ``help wanted'' sign. Normally, this  would be an indicator of a successful economic comeback, but here is  the problem: Those signs just are not working, not for retail or  restaurants or even for the industrial sector with small business  manufacturing. Some businesses are getting so desperate for help that  they are offering signing bonuses worth hundreds of dollars to anyone  willing and able to come back to work.   All year, we have used a particular catchphrase to encourage people  to get their vaccinations. We have said that if we could only get shots  in arms, then we could get back to normal. Well, as it turns out, that  was step 1. We are getting the shots in arms. People are getting  vaccinated. Now it is time for step 2, and that is getting people back  to work, getting them to fill these jobs.   I have said time and again and I will say it again: The best economic  stimulus there is, the very best economic stimulus there is, is a job.  It is a job. This holds true not just for those pulling in a paycheck  but for the businesses that are hiring.   My Democratic colleagues--many of them--disagree with me on this  point, but I firmly believe the best economic stimulus is a job. For  months, some have refused to discuss an end to the various emergency  relief programs we all agreed were necessary to help workers and  businesses survive the lockdowns. But they were never meant to be  permanent programs; they were there for a time of specific need.   I think, if some of my colleagues took the time to speak to the  owners whose businesses are short on labor, they would hear the same  story over and over again. Their pool of potential employees was  drained dry, at least in part by the unemployment insurance plus-up  that we initiated last year. Because of the way that program was  designed and because my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  rejected our offers to amend it, potential employees are drawing in  more in unemployment than they would make at some jobs.   Now, some of my colleagues across the aisle dispute the notion that  this imbalance has led to a labor shortage. They claim that if there  are people staying home and collecting unemployment rather than taking  their old job back, or maybe a new job, that those examples are  anecdotal. But to that point, I would ask: How many anecdotes does it  take to create a trend?   In Tennessee, there are at least a quarter of a million jobs  available, but as of last week, we still have about 49,000 people  receiving the $300 plus-up. This means that there are five jobs--five-- five jobs available for every single one of those 49,000 people.   I want to make it clear that these business owners have no reason to  lie about the trouble they are having finding help. Their survival  depends on their ability to hire a team of employees. They gain nothing  by poisoning the well with false accusations. Anyone who has ever run a  business knows that.   They also know it is a difficult call for these potential employees  to make, even when signing bonuses and higher wages are on the table,  but therein lies the disconnect. While businesses are incentivized to  do all they can to attract workers, the Federal Government has  incentivized workers to hold out as long as they can before taking the  leap into a new job. It is not their fault, but it is the reality that  Congress created.   What we are seeing now isn't economic stimulus. I would offer that it  is an economic stalemate. And if we don't break the ties that bind  recovery to the success or failure of a government program, we will  suffer long-term economic consequences.   As I said, some of my Democratic colleagues fundamentally disagree  with that approach. They have made that disagreement clear to the tune  of $6 trillion worth of spending that would be like nothing else that  we have ever seen and making it a permanent part of our economic  landscape.   They gave us a COVID relief package that had almost nothing to do  with fighting the pandemic, an infrastructure proposal that dedicates  60 percent--60 percent of its total pricetag to job-killing proposals  like the Green New Deal fantasies and, most recently, a supposedly pro- family proposal that, if implemented, will in fact replace the  stability of the nuclear family with a lifelong tether to the welfare  state.   Talk about never letting a crisis go to waste. This isn't compassion,  in my opinion, and it isn't recovery. This is a power grab. They took  the majority, put pen to paper, and produced a wish list. They have  wanted to check off items from that wish list since 2010. So their list  is long.   This version of economic stimulus, which, in reality, is just a  destructive cycle of spending and dependency and taxation and  inflation, will require more than just a general buy-in from the  American people. They are going to have to persuade people to cede  authority, to cede authority over their lives, their families, their  businesses, their jobs, their employment--cede that authority to the  Federal Government.   Now, if this isn't true, if this isn't their goal, let the Democrats  dispute it. Let them come to the table and listen to what these  business owners are telling us. Let them help figure out a way to offer  a light at the end of the tunnel to the unemployed and underemployed  instead of keeping them tangled in a safety net that was neither  designated nor intended to be permanent.   We still have a long way to go before we can declare victory over the  COVID-19 pandemic. But what my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle refuse to acknowledge is that we will never make it across the  finish line if we don't allow the American people to  [[Page S2408]]  hope for that victory. We need to allow them to hope that last month's  terrible jobs report was just an anomaly. I certainly hope it was.   And most importantly, we need to allow them to remember that a little  over a year ago, we didn't have to rely on emergency supplements and  direct payments from the government to survive. We had the most robust  economy we had in decades and decades. Unemployment numbers were at  record lows. Wage gains were at record highs.   So we have been there before. We can and we will recover. But  encouraging total reliance on the government is not going to be what  gets us there, especially when so many businesses in this country are  trying to hire workers, and workers are not taking the jobs.   I yield floor.   