 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader in  consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate Armed Services  Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1520 and the  Senate proceed to its consideration; that there be 2 hours of debate,  equally divided in the usual form, and that upon the use or yielding  back of that time, the Senate vote on the bill with no intervening  action or debate.    I rise for the 14th time to call for every Senator  to have the opportunity to consider and cast their vote on the Military  Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act, which would ensure  that servicemembers who have been subject to sexual assault and other  serious crimes get the justice they deserve.   For nearly a decade, the DOD has argued that removing convening  authority from command, as our bill does, would undermine military  readiness and good order and discipline. But yesterday, our Secretary  of Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin endorsed the Independent Review  Commission's recommendation that sexual assault and related crimes be  moved from the chain of command to trained military prosecutors.   It is historic. It is historic that we have, for the first time ever,  a Secretary of Defense agreeing that good order and discipline does not  rest on a commander deciding whether a case goes forward or not.   But we have to remember that the limited changes he endorsed come  from a panel that was only asked to look at one type of crime. They  were specifically asked to look at ways to solve the problem of  military sexual assault and harassment. They drilled down on those  issues of sexual assault, sexual harassment, domestic violence, and  child abuse, and they agreed that all of those crimes must be taken out  of the chain of command and put in the hands of specialized, highly  trained military prosecutors. They see no conflict with making those  changes and retaining command control.   I remind my colleagues the mission we are tasked with is larger than  the mission that the IRC was tasked with. Our job is to provide our  servicemembers with a military justice system that is worthy of the  sacrifices they make for our country every day. That is why our bill  addresses the fundamental flaw in the military justice system that puts  the fate of our servicemembers in the hands of commanders who often  know both the accuser and the accused and are not trained lawyers.   Our reform draws a bright line and moves all serious crimes, which  can lead to serious consequences, to independent military prosecutors.   Secretary Austin's endorsement of the IRC's reforms makes it clear  that he understands what we understand--convening authority is not  necessary for maintaining command control or  [[Page S4722]]  for maintaining good order and discipline. Right now, 97 percent of  commanders maintain good order and discipline without having convening  authority for general court-martial. Only 3 percent, level 06 and  above, have that unique authority.   Our allies have drawn a similar bright line. They decided that in  their military, serious crimes should be taken out of the chain of  command and given to trained prosecutors. They have told us, through  letters and testimony, that they saw no diminution in command control  or good order and discipline.   Good order and discipline rests not on the commander's ability to act  as judge and jury but on their ability to do their job of instilling a  culture of respect between servicemembers and instilling a command  climate where these types of actions aren't tolerated.   There is no reason to continue to subject servicemembers to a system  where commanders, rather than trained military prosecutors, are  deciding which cases go to trial. We must move decisions about whether  to move forward on cases dealing with serious crimes to the most  qualified, most highly trained person. That would be trained military  prosecutors. That is all that our bill does. That is what the Military  Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act does.   In addition to having a filibuster-proof support in the Senate, this  is now a bipartisan, bicameral piece of legislation. This morning, I  stood with Congresswoman Speier, Speaker Pelosi, Congressman Turner,  and a bipartisan group of Members in the House as they introduced this  version of the legislation. The bipartisan support we have in the House  includes Republicans with years of military service--former JAGs,  former commanders. We had a general from the Republican Party stand up  and support that bill this morning.    Not only do they understand the importance of having a military  justice system that is impartial and highly trained but also the  importance of command and what their role is. We have a great deal of  bipartisan support.   This type of bipartisan, bicameral support is rare. It speaks to the  importance of this reform, the importance of us meeting our obligation  to provide oversight of our military, and the importance of serving  those who serve our country in uniform.   This morning, we were also joined by the sisters of Vanessa Guillen.  Her youngest sister Lupe talked about what happened to Vanessa. She  said: ``The system that we have now failed my sister, [and] it's up to  us to change [it].''   To change the system that failed Vanessa, moving just sex crimes out  of the chain of command would not be enough. She was murdered. We must  move all serious crimes, including murder, to independent, impartial  military prosecutors.   This morning, Lupe said: ``Someone will always have to suffer for  someone to care--but that stops now and it stops with us.''   It is time for us to do the job right, to prove Lupe right. Our  servicemembers, as Secretary Austin said, deserve nothing less.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  scheduled vote proceed immediately.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   