 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding and for his leadership on the subcommittee.   I rise today, unfortunately, in strong opposition to H.R. 2668, the  Consumer Protection and Recovery Act, which represents a missed  opportunity for both our committee and this Chamber.   Energy and Commerce has historically been the committee of  bipartisanship and compromise. Unfortunately, this bill fails to meet  that standard in the committee's rich history.   The legislation before us today is another go-it-alone approach that  we have come to expect from House Democrat leadership.   In all my time on the committee, I am not sure I have seen so many  process fouls or so much disregard for the minority as I have with H.R.  2668.   It fails to include an amendment put forward by Representative Gus  Bilirakis, our fearless leader and ranking member on the subcommittee  that received bipartisan support in our committee markup.   H.R. 2668 has been shadowed by a series of procedural fouls beginning  with the intentional exclusion of Republican FTC commissioners from  Energy and Commerce's hearing on this legislation as opposed to the  Senate Commerce Committee hearing where they were invited to discuss  13(b) authority at length 1 week before.   Perhaps the Republican commissioners were excluded from our hearing  because the majority did not want to hear the truth about their bill.   If the majority had led a better, more fair process, this legislation  would have been significantly improved or at least built on the trust  that we could come together on solutions crafted around sound legal  arguments and analysis by all the proper experts.   To be clear, I share the goal of H.R. 2668, to protect people from  scammers. But this bill is missing much-needed guardrails that the  committee Republicans offered as amendments.   My biggest concern with this legislation, it fails to prioritize due  process and ensuring proper analysis. This bill was pushed through a  subcommittee markup without a good-faith effort to address the real  concerns that we were raising.   We were given less than a week's notice late on Friday before the  markup, and shortly before that DOJ sent us incomplete answers to a  letter addressing the legitimate concerns raised by our members. This  was followed by what seemed like a coordinated response to our  questions for the record from FTC Acting Chair Slaughter shortly  thereafter.   Mr. Speaker, committee members on both sides of the aisle received  just 38 hours of notice regarding the inclusion of this legislation  during a full committee markup resulting in criticism from both sides  of the aisle.   I doubt many Members of this House believe Congress should operate in  this manner. I do think we can all agree that both Republicans and  Democrats want to protect people from malicious actors and that the FTC  must have the necessary tools to do so.   H.R. 2668 grants FTC brand-new authorities under section 13(b) of the  FTC Act, to seek financial penalties for what it alleges is fraud and  anticompetitive behavior. It does so without the inclusion of  guardrails to protect due process. This is a huge, missed opportunity  to enact a national privacy standard.   Last Congress, Senator Wicker rightfully identified privacy and 13(b)  reform as policies that could be easily legislated together and should.  Even this bill's prime sponsor, Mr. Cardenas, acknowledged his effort  to include a national privacy standard with a legislative fix for  13(b).   We must do our job. We cannot have California dictating policy for  the other 49 States.   If my colleagues are so concerned about urgently granting the FTC  with new authorities to protect people, why aren't we urgently passing  a national standard, which we all agree will protect their data  privacy?   This legislation fails to address much-needed FTC reforms, to  increase transparency, establish a national privacy framework, and  ensure due process. There should be no lack of will to take on  fraudsters, scammers, and abusers of our personal information.   We need to sit down, work it out, and move comprehensive FTC reform  legislation forward together.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.'' We can do better.   