 Mr. President, you know, when a disaster strikes--a  tornado or an earthquake or a wildfire--the first thing we do is work  to keep people safe, but that is far from the last thing we do. When  the storm has passed, we rebuild. We rebuild homes and schools,  hospitals, businesses, communities; and, if we are doing our job right,  we build them back even better so we are ready when the next crisis  strikes. That is exactly what this budget is about--rebuilding our  country now stronger and fairer.   We need to pick up where the infrastructure package leaves off by  making bold investments in all of our infrastructure. In addition to  building roads and bridges and even broadband, we need to build our  public health infrastructure and help our local health departments  expand their capacity and modernize their data and lab systems and more   We need to build our affordable housing infrastructure to make sure  every family can keep a roof over their head, and it doesn't need to  break the bank to do so.   We need to build our school infrastructure to make sure schools don't  have lead pipes or mold and do have adequate lighting and electricity  and AC systems, not to mention so many other resources students need to  learn and grow, like libraries and gyms.   And we need to build our climate infrastructure. The climate crisis  is here, and it is an existential threat. If we don't take this  opportunity to protect our planet for current and future generations,  we may not get another one.   Of course, rebuilding is about more than just infrastructure. We have  to build a stronger, fairer country for our workers and our families  too. Our Nation is stronger when no worker has to choose between a  paycheck and taking care of themselves, a child, or a loved one who is  seriously ill; and every worker can afford to take time off after  giving birth, a partner's delivery, or adopting a child, which is why  we must establish a national paid leave plan.   Our Nation is stronger when every parent can get quality, affordable  childcare; every young learner gets a strong start with quality early  learning programs; and every adult learner can pursue a higher  education, which is why we need to expand quality, affordable childcare  and establish universal pre-K, and why we need to open the doors of  higher education to even more people, starting by providing tuition- free community college.  [[Page S6074]]    Our Nation is stronger when older Americans and people with  disabilities have the care they need to live independently in their  communities, which is why we need to invest in home- and community- based services and make sure the workers who provide that critical care  get fair pay and better benefits.   Our Nation is stronger when healthcare is truly a right and not a  privilege, which is why we need to extend the huge healthcare expansion  we made in the American Rescue Plan, which has already helped 138,000  people in my home State of Washington save an average of $90 on their  healthcare coverage, and we need to keep pressing for further progress  toward universal coverage.   And, of course, our Nation is stronger because of the contributions  of so many hard-working immigrants, which is why we need a fair pathway  to citizenship for the more than 11 million undocumented residents  living here, including Dreamers, farmworkers, those with temporary  protected status, and the many essential undocumented workers who do so  much to keep our country running.   You know, after a wildfire, would we leave the fire department in  ashes, or the schools or the businesses or the homes?   Of course not.   So, after a pandemic and an economic crisis, shouldn't we rebuild our  public health departments? Shouldn't we rebuild our economy? Shouldn't  we address the deep-seated inequities that have made things so much  worse for so many people? Shouldn't we help families get childcare and  paid leave and healthcare and housing and citizenship? Shouldn't we  build back our Nation stronger and fairer?   That is not a trick question, and it shouldn't be a hard one either.  The answer is obvious to anyone who has been listening to people back  home.   Democrats are listening. We know what families are going through. We  know they want us to act, and that is exactly what we are going to do.   I yield the floor   