 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) for yielding  me the customary 30 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, it is hard to ignore the feeling that this is one more  example of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle trying to  distract from the real issues that concern Americans. We have an  administration that can't stop the flood of illegal immigrants at our  southern border, can't unlock the supply bottlenecks at our ports.   What are the Democrats doing about inflation?   What are the Democrats doing about the border issues?   What are the Democrats doing about supply chain issues?   And what are the Democrats doing about the worker shortage?   And I could go on. Instead, we are here going back and forth arguing  if we should continue down a path of yet another partisan investigation  of questionable motives and purpose. No wonder the public thinks we  can't do our job.   That said, there are several questions that need to be resolved  before we can continue with this vote. The Supreme Court has found that  the power rests with Congress for subpoenas if they serve a legitimate  legislative purpose, and be ``related to, and in furtherance of, a  legitimate task of the Congress.''   A legitimate legislative purpose would be issuing subpoenas to the  leaders of the D.C. National Guard and Sergeant at Arms so that we can  find out what gaps in communications and authorities that need to be  filled and find solutions to ensure that this doesn't happen again. But  have those been issued? No.   Instead, House Democrats are continuing their witch hunt into  President Trump and their political opponents that voted against the  certification of the election in some States, something that they,  themselves, did just 4 years ago.   What information is intended to be gathered that would be useful for  a legitimate legislative purpose? Much of the discussion in the Rules  Committee centered around criminal action, not around legislation.  These concerns would have been raised by Republicans if Speaker Pelosi  had not rejected the minority leader's nominees. But instead, she hand- picked Members that would fit her and the Democrats' narrative.   It seems the story line has already been decided. We need to ensure  that it is, as stated, intended to investigate and report upon the  facts, circumstances, and causes relating to January 6. Unfortunately,  Speaker Pelosi and the Democrats made it clear early on that this  committee and its investigation outcome was predetermined when it  tilted representation in favor of Democrats and, again, rejected the  two Republican Members selected to serve on the Commission by the  minority leader.   Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned about the precedent being set here  today as the majority, yet again, embarks on another investigation in  search of a crime.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule and the  underlying resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, with all respect to my colleague from  Massachusetts, the fact still remains that when the minority leader did  try to participate in this Commission, the Speaker rejected the two  nominees that the minority leader had offered.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Reschenthaler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, Republicans will  offer an amendment to the rule to provide for the additional  consideration of H.R. 5586, the Prohibiting IRS Financial Surveillance  Act, authored by Representative Ferguson.  [[Page H5741]]    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with the extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, requiring banks and Federal credit  unions to disclose personal details about their customers' accounts is  an extreme invasion of privacy, and it would have terrible implications  for community banks and credit unions in my district and across the  country.   I suppose I really shouldn't be surprised about this egregious  attempt on behalf of the Democrats. They clearly want as much  government involvement as possible in every possible part of American  citizens' lives. I may not be surprised anymore, but I continue to be  disappointed that they refuse to listen to the American citizens who  time and time again say they want Big Government out of their lives and  their wallets.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Ferguson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Iowa (Mrs. Hinson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Emmer).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), who is the ranking member of the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Oklahoma (Mrs. Bice).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Oklahoma.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. LaHood).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Texas (Ms. Van Duyne).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Hollingsworth).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Indiana (Mrs. Walorski), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time  for closing.   Mr. Speaker, the majority has chosen to turn the committee into a  vehicle to push their own narrative, and it is clearly more interested  in pursuing a partisan agenda to politicize January 6 rather than  conducting a legitimate, good-faith investigation into the security  failures leading up to that day.   As my colleague from Pennsylvania pointed out, where is the  legitimate legislative purpose? The Members across the aisle have yet  to address what kind of legitimate legislative purposes could, might,  or even possibly come out of the commission investigation.   A lawful subpoena, according to the Supreme Court, needs to serve a  legitimate legislative purpose. The majority leader used words like  ``oversight,'' ``the American people need to understand,'' and ``hold  perpetrators accountable.'' These statements do not qualify as a  legitimate legislative purpose.   This is nothing more than an attempt by the Democrats to distract  from the very real issues facing Americans every day. I look forward to  getting back to the real work of solving the supply chain issues,  reclaiming American energy production, and empowering U.S. citizens to  live their lives without government interference or surveillance.   Mr. Speaker, I oppose the previous question, the rule, and the  underlying legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   