 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking  Member Luetkemeyer and Chairwoman Velazquez for their leadership in  bringing these bipartisan pieces of legislation to the House floor for  votes today.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 3462, the SBA Cyber Awareness Act.  This is a bill I have had the pleasure to co-lead with my colleague,  Representative Jason Crow of Colorado, to improve the Small Business  Administration's transparency and alert mechanisms when a cyberattack  or intrusion takes place.   Under the legislation, the SBA will be required to conduct an annual  assessment of IT equipment and cybersecurity capabilities and provide  Congress with a detailed account of any cybersecurity risk of SBA  equipment that was primarily manufactured in the People's Republic of  China. Additionally, under this bill, the legislation directs the SBA  Administrator to notify Congress and small businesses of a cyberattack  within 30 days after the SBA decides that it was subject to a cyber  hack.   Fifty percent of small businesses with 500 or less employees say it  is very likely that they will experience a cyberattack in the next 12  months, and 1 in 4 are experiencing more cyberattacks compared to a  year ago. During the COVID-19 pandemic, the SBA handled a record number  of loans and services to help small businesses in need. With that came  a higher number of sensitive personal and business information that was  handled by the Federal Government.  [[Page H6090]]    We must ensure entrepreneurs and small business owners have the  confidence that the SBA has the IT capabilities and tools to keep their  information safe from cyberattacks. This bill, H.R. 3462, is an  important step in doing just that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to  support H.R. 3462.    Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Luetkemeyer for yielding and arranging this very timely Special Order  to discuss how taxes, increasing prices, and the reduced workforce pool  are impacting our Main Street USA, which is the true backbone of our  economy.    I represent California's 39th Congressional District, which lays in  the tri-county area of Los Angeles, Orange, and San Bernardino  Counties. I have the pleasure to represent one of the most diverse  districts in the country that has a very vigorous entrepreneurial  spirit. Unfortunately, it has been trampled down by unclear guidelines  on lockdowns, increased red tape, labor shortages, high inflation, and,  now, a supply chain crisis.   Mr. Luetkemeyer knows very well that a big threat is looming in the  horizon in the form of increased taxes and burdensome regulations  through the partisan reconciliation process.   Instead of working with us to tackle the issues impacting small  business owners and workers, this administration and this House  majority are looking to add more fuel to the fire with fiscal  expansionary measures at a time when economic analysts say that we  could see inflation above 3 percent well into 2022. This is a run on  inflation not seen since the early 1990s.   In my home State of California, parts of the State recorded their  highest average gas prices ever last Friday. Some places are recording  close to $6 per gallon. This is all taking place when some of our  colleagues in the majority are calling for a total domestic ban on gas  and oil production, which would undeniably increase prices for all  goods and services.   To add insult to injury, California recently released its jobs report  showing the highest unemployment rate in the Nation, and unemployment  claims keep increasing.   So let's ask ourselves: Why is California seeing an uptick in  unemployment claims when NFIB is reporting over half of small  businesses have job openings they cannot fill? Why is California seeing  a record number of job creators leaving to establish their businesses  in other States? The answer is very simple. Many are tired of  Sacramento punishing entrepreneurial ventures through some of the  highest taxes in the country and burdensome regulations.   Let's learn from the mistakes enacted in California and instead work  to empower entrepreneurs, job creators, and Main Street. Let's get back  to the path of prosperity, where we are not punishing success, and we  make it easier for individuals and families to establish small  businesses and serve the communities that we all love.   I want to thank, again, Ranking Member Luetkemeyer for his leadership  on our Small Business Committee and for being a fearless advocate for  Main Street USA and entrepreneurs all across the country.   