 Mr. President, I rise for the 15th time, today, to  call for every Senator to have the opportunity to consider and cast  their vote for the Military Justice Improvement and Increasing  Prevention Act. This bill would move serious crimes like sexual assault  out of the chain of command and put them in the hands of the most  capable people in the military: independent, impartial, highly trained  prosecutors.   I began calling for the full floor vote on May 25. That was about a  month ago. In that month, an estimated 1,736 servicemembers will have  been raped or sexually assaulted. More will have been victims of other  serious crimes. Many will not even report those crimes because they  lack faith in the system where cases are decided by their commanders,  not by trained lawyers. And yet this vote continues to be delayed and  denied day after day, week after week.   I have heard proponents of this bill argue that we can't make this  change because the military lacks the lawyers necessary to carry out  the work. Today, I would like to address this one unfounded claim.   Let's look at the numbers. The Navy, for example, has an Active Duty  population of just over 330,000 members. Their military justice system  has 935 military lawyers, or judge advocates known as JAGs. That number  includes more than 100 special litigators and 85 at the 06-level JAG,  which means the colonel or above commanders. And last year, they  completed just 78 general courts martial, which are usually cases  involved in serious felonies that our bill discusses.   Now, let's look at the civilian counterpart. Take the San Diego  County District Attorney's Office. San Diego County has a population of  3.3 million people. To serve that population, the DA's office has just  300 prosecutors who handle 40,000 cases a year.   So the Navy has one-tenth of the population but three times the  lawyers. In total, our armed services have just over 1.3 million  members and more than 4,000 JAGs. The issue with our military justice  system is not that it lacks the lawyers. It is that it does not entrust  the most serious crimes to the people who are most professional and  trained to address them.   In fiscal year 2020, the armed services completed 720 general courts  martial, and in fiscal year 2019, they completed 895 general courts  martial. If 300 prosecutors in San Diego County can handle 40,000 cases  a year, I trust that more than 4,000 JAGs in our military, some of our  Nation's best and brightest, can handle 895 general courts martial.   I have trust in those military lawyers' ability to handle these cases  because they are in fact already working on them. This reform would not  give them more work. Instead, it would relieve them of the time- consuming work it takes to get a commander properly briefed on cases  and allow them to make decisions on those cases instead of just making  recommendations to commanders.   In short, making this reform would not require finding a host of new  lawyers to do this work or to overtax the lawyers our military already  has. Any claims otherwise are nothing more than a delay tactic.   The Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act will  deliver results our servicemembers and their families deserve. It is  supported by the experts, by servicemembers, and by a bipartisan,  filibuster-proof majority of Senators, and it is time we bring this to  the floor.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be  determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the Republican  leader, the Senate Armed Services Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 1520 and the Senate proceed to its consideration;  that there be 2 hours for debate equally divided in the usual form; and  that upon the use or yielding  [[Page S4758]]  back of the time, the Senate votes on the bill with no intervening  action or debate.    Mr. President, I also commend General Austin on his  recommendations. He is the first Secretary of Defense in the last 10  years--in the last real 100 years--that has said that sexual assault  and related crimes should be taken out of the chain of command, of  which I agree completely. He has also acknowledged that it is not  necessary for good order and discipline or command control that the  convening authority be the commander. The convening authority can be  the prosecutor, which is our bill.   The reason why we advocate for a bright line is that while sexual  assaults are handled poorly within the military, so are other crimes  when it comes to racial disparity. We have evidence that has been  detailed and reported by the Department of Defense that if you are a  Black servicemember, you are up to 2.61 times more likely to be  prosecuted or punished for crimes due to racial bias within the  military justice system.   So if we want a military justice system that is fair for everyone,  both plaintiffs and defendants, we need a bright line around all  serious crimes. I believe that if you allow trained military  prosecutors the ability to review the case files for all serious  crimes, more cases of sexual assaults will go forward and end in  conviction, and then the bias that is seen in other cases will also be  reduced.   So for the chairman to say that there is no evidence that the command  hasn't been doing a good job in other crimes, I would say that is not  true. There is a great deal of evidence that there is racial bias in  how our military justice system is used at the detriment to Black and  Brown servicemembers.   Second, I would like to say that the commission's recommendations are  expansive and excellent, and we look forward to receiving those  recommendations. Those recommendations may well require additional  personnel and additional resources because they are across many lines,  not just about prosecution.   My bill, the Military Justice Improvement and Prevention Act, does  not require more resources or more personnel because it is literally  creating a bright line of felonies, and while those prosecutors are  normally prosecuting those cases, the only change is they get to see  the case file first. They get to make a judgment about whether there is  enough evidence, and if there is not, it goes right back to the  commander where it was.   So I agree that General Austin's statements are important and  meaningful. I agree that the commission's work is excellent, and I look  forward to supporting them and turning them into law. But I disagree  strongly that the broader reform of a bright line around felonies isn't  needed because it is, and it shows in the prosecution of sexual  assaults, and it shows in the racial disparity of convictions and  prosecutions and nonjudicial punishment for Black servicemembers.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   