 Mr. President, I rise today to share my support of  the ongoing bipartisan efforts to reauthorize the Violence Against  Women Act.   As you know from the prior speaker, the distinguished Senator,  negotiations to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act on a  bipartisan basis have been ongoing now for three years. Since the  beginning of this year, my office has been working closely with Senator  Ernst's, Senator Durbin's, and Senator Murkowski's offices to negotiate  bipartisan agreement to reauthorize this important and critical law. I  am thrilled that we are now able to share that we have reached a  bipartisan framework which will strengthen, modernize, and reauthorize  the Violence Against Women Act.   We are committed to introducing this bill next month. This bipartisan  agreement would reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act through 2026  and provide important opportunities to modernize the law that has been  so critical to protecting and supporting survivors of domestic  violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking.   Our bipartisan agreement would enhance and expand services for  survivors of domestic violence--including survivors in rural  communities, LGBT survivors, survivors with disabilities, and survivors  who experience abuse later in life.   Our agreement would reauthorize and strengthen the criminal justice  response to domestic violence, including by improving the Justice  Department's STOP grant program, closing the ``dating partner  loophole'' on a prospective basis, and strengthening the ability of  Tribal courts to address instances of domestic violence on Tribal land.   Our agreement would also invest in prevention education efforts. It  would expand access to emergency housing support for domestic violence  survivors, and it would improve the healthcare response to sexual  violence across the country.   These protections are urgently needed, and the time to act is now. I  have been here for a while. I have never seen the coming together of  the two sides of the aisle any stronger than it is now to work together  to solve this problem. So I look forward to participating in the  introduction of this bipartisan bill to reauthorize the Violence  Against Women Act next month.    I would, if I could, also like to speak briefly in  support of Holly Thomas, who has been nominated to serve as a judge on  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judge Thomas is an  experienced appellate litigator and currently serves as a judge of the  Superior Court of Los Angeles County. And I hope my colleagues will  support her.   Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination of Holly  Thomas to serve as a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth  Circuit.   Judge Thomas is an experienced appellate litigator and sitting State  court judge in California. I believe she would make an outstanding  addition to the NinthCircuit.   Her credentials are impeccable. She is a graduate of Stanford  University and Yale Law School.   After law school, Judge Thomas spent more than a decade gaining  experience and insight into the Federal appeals courts as a litigator  whose primary focus was on appellate cases. She has served as a public  interest lawyer with the NAACP, in the Federal Government as an  appellate attorney with the Civil Rights Division of the Justice  Department, and in State government in both California and New York.   Though she began her career as an appellate litigator, Judge Thomas  has been fascinated by judicial service since her childhood. When she  was a young child, her mother--who was a bookkeeper--would take her to  the San Diego courthouse to watch the legal proceedings in court.   So it is fitting that in 2018, she was appointed to serve as a judge  on the California Superior Court for Los Angeles County. Judge Thomas  works in the Family Law Division, where she hears between 10 and 30  cases on average each day, including a mix of hearings and trials. She  has also served on a temporary basis as a State appeals judge on the  California Court of Appeal for the Second Appellate District.   Judge Thomas has a breadth of experience and knowledge that would  make her well-suited to sit on the Ninth Circuit. If confirmed, Judge  Thomas would be the first Black woman to serve on the Ninth Circuit  from California and only the second Black woman to ever serve on the  Ninth Circuit.   I encourage all my colleagues to vote for her confirmation.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   I yield the floor.    Permit me a moment to interrupt you.    One of my great joys is to work on a bipartisan  basis, and the Senator from Alaska has been just wonderful. She is a  10, in my book.   You have listened to us on this side. Our staffs have been able to  work closely together, and I think, thanks to you, we have a workable,  bipartisan product. So I just want to say thank you. I wish the Senate  could be more like this all the time, but I think we made a great notch  in the right track. So thank you very much.   