 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the previous question. This is  the third time here today that Republicans have called on this body to  consider my bill, the Reopen Schools Act. It is a commonsense solution  to get students and teachers to return to the classroom and to do it  safely.   This legislation would condition a portion of State COVID relief  grants for education on schools actually reopening. My Democrat  colleagues already voted for these funds to be used specifically for  schools to reopen safely back in December, $54 billion.   The science on this is definitive. If certain safety precautions are  taken, teachers and students can resume in-person learning safely. So  that is why Congress sent the States this money back in December.   But after nearly a year of this pandemic lockdown, millions of  students are still learning exclusively from behind a screen. Our  children are struggling academically and they are falling behind.   But the toll on mental health is what is most concerning to me. Even  after a year, many kids haven't seen their school friends. They haven't  been out to play on a playground. They are isolated, disconnected, and  they are lonely. From increased stress and anxiety, depression, even  suicidal thoughts or attempts, our youngest generation is facing a  mental health crisis.   Hospitals have seen a staggering increase in mental health  emergencies among young children. It is heartbreaking. And the longer  the goal posts continue to be moved on reopening schools, the worse  this mental health crisis for our young people will become.   My home State of Iowa is leading the way to put students' education  and mental health first. My two sons got on the school bus this morning  in Iowa. They are in class right now receiving hands-on attention from  their teachers, and they will play with their friends at recess today.   As a parent, I am grateful that I had the ability to make the right  choice for my children and send them back to class to learn in person.  But millions of parents around the country have not been given this  choice, with many school districts still only offering virtual  learning. I have heard of so many families who are struggling as  schools remain shuttered and they have no clear timetable for  reopening.   It is vulnerable families with at-risk children who are impacted the  most by these decisions. Let's think about the kids who don't have  access to a computer or WiFi to try to complete their lessons online.  Or let's talk about the kids who rely on school breakfast and lunch and  they are going hungry without these vital nutrition programs. Or what  about the victims of child abuse and neglect who are locked in with  potential abusers. Or kids who are left at home all day because their  parents have no choice but to go to work.    We cannot allow children and families to continue to suffer right  now. It is time for students to get back into the classroom, and we can  do it safely. With the Reopen Schools Act, they will be able to do so  safely. Teachers will be back in the classroom safely, and we can get  this country moving forward again.   Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will  join me in supporting our students by defeating the previous question.  We need to get kids back to school. So I urge a ``no'' vote.   