 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I have noticed over the past few  months that my Democratic colleagues have developed a habit of  explaining away the anger of the citizens of this country. There is  anger, and there is frustration. And what they do is to do a little  turn in the conversation and make it the cause of the citizens.   It is kind of blaming it on them instead of looking at themselves as  Members of the Senate and saying, ``You know, what could we do  better?''   What I have seen is my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  demand to know what is wrong with the American people; how could they  not be on board with President Biden's so-called transformative  agenda--change it all? Why won't they stand by and let us spend the  country into economic oblivion while businesses fail, Main Streets see  shuttered businesses, and once-safe border communities are being turned  into war zones?   You see, what they are really doing is trying to force the American  people to adjust and abandon their principles--things that they have  long believed, the founding first principles of this country. They want  them to abandon that--abandon their expectations, and then accommodate  the miserable failure that is Joe Biden's first few months in office.  He has been wrong about most all of it.   I honestly believe that many of the Democratic leaders have it wrong  on this. The people aren't the ones who need to adjust. That burden  belongs to the Democratic leadership--in the Senate, in the House, in  the White House.  [[Page S6688]]  No matter how they try to dress it up or change it or smile, they are  fast-tracking the road to socialism.   The anger bubbling to the surface didn't come from out of nowhere.  Contrary to popular belief, outrage is not our natural state, no. What  you are seeing is beyond buyer's remorse or even buyer's fear. It is  buyer's anger, righteous anger, at what they see happening; and it is  the culmination of almost a year's worth of confusion, fear,  frustration at the Biden administration for how they have failed to  lead--weak leadership.   You see, the American people aren't accustomed to watching their  leaders intentionally--intentionally--jeopardize our security and  prosperity on such a fundamental level. They are looking at all that  has fallen apart and realizing that things are the way they are because  President Biden and the Democratic leadership wants it to be this way.  This is intentional.   On day one, President Biden halted construction of the border wall  and left those crossings wide open to drug traffickers, to sex  traffickers, human traffickers, and gangs--basically hung out the  ``y'all come, you're welcome'' sign, opening that southern border.   They did this knowing that hundreds of thousands of migrants were  already on their way from Mexico and Central America. One hundred fifty  countries this year have crossed that border illegally, and that--the  vast majority of them would pay the cartels for their passage north by  serving as drug mules, as prostitutes. What is being done to women and  children is really awful. It is a humanitarian crisis.   If they wanted to, Biden and the Democrats could put themselves  between us and that threat. They could support strong immigration  policies that protect refugees and also secure the border. It is  possible, but they have refused to do it. Instead, they are funneling  crowds of unvetted migrants into American communities and enabling the  cartels to traffic women and children across State lines with impunity.   How dare they? How dare they traffic like they are trafficking?   Ignoring this problem isn't humanitarianism. It is not anti-racism.  It is dangerous and exposes an appalling lack of wisdom on the part of  the President; the Vice President, who is supposed to be the border  czar; and their advisers.   This administration seems to believe that threats to our national  security will evaporate if we ignore them: Just don't think about it;  don't talk about it; what you are seeing, you are really not seeing.   What they are doing is creating policy in a bubble, which works well  for grad seminars but fails miserably when there are lives on the line.   The Biden administration failed in Afghanistan. Now, we can argue for  the next decade--and I am sure we will--about lessons learned, but here  is what the American people see: The Biden administration gave a  terrorist organization the benefit of the doubt.   That is right. They trusted the words of the Taliban above the words  of the commanders on the ground. The commanders on the ground warned  that such an abrupt withdrawal would end in chaos and casualties.   But you know what? They wanted to be out by September 11. They wanted  that date circled on the calendar. Joe Biden wanted to be the President  who ended the war, but all he has done is emboldened the terrorists.  And the war on terror continues. It continues. He ended nothing with  the war on terror.    We came out of Afghanistan, but now the families of 13 American  servicemembers are left to grieve, while State Department officials  make absurd claims about the power of diplomacy and the Taliban's role  in regional politics, all the while ignoring the allies and the  partners they abandoned. They still don't know how many Americans, how  many of our SIV holders, applicants, their families are left behind  enemy lines.   And the people? The people in Tennessee whom I talk with when I go  home every weekend--they are watching this. They are astounded, and  they cannot believe what they are seeing the Democratic Party do.   There is no reason, no accountability, no incentive to trust that the  self-proclaimed ``adults in the room'' know what is best.   Especially when it comes to the economy, Tennesseans can see a  socialist agenda pulling the strings. Right now, they are staring down  the barrel of a $3.5 trillion budget that the Democrats have weaponized  against personal responsibility and decentralized control. Just seeing  that pricetag was bad enough, and now we are hearing the pricetag is  growing.   But, now, Tennesseans know that the Democrats don't even care how  much this costs nor do they care that, if all goes to plan, American  businesses will carry a heavier tax burden than communist China. That  is correct. The American businesses will have a higher tax burden than  those in communist China. Living life as we know it will be too  expensive for most of us to afford.   No serious person could stand here on the floor of the Senate and  pretend to be shocked at the level of anger and frustration that we are  seeing back home. I talk to people every single week who feel  betrayed--betrayed--by this administration. They feel unsafe.   Many of the Tennesseans I speak to every day who voted for President  Biden wish they had made another choice in the voting booth because,  yes, they voted for the President, but they did not vote for this. They  did not vote for the Afghanistan withdrawal and the manner we came out.  They did not vote to embolden the communist Chinese. They did not vote  for open borders. They did not vote for inflation that is skyrocketing,  taxes--$2 trillion of taxes coming their way. No, they did not vote for  that, and this is what makes them angry.   I hear their anger with every telephone townhall, with every  conversation. I hear their frustration. They are angry at the White  House officials who use the full force of the U.S. Government to cover  up their mistakes and try to make it sound like it is the problem of  the people, because they know they have messed up.   And the people have every right to be angry. The things we do in this  Chamber don't exist in a bubble. They have real world consequences for  real people who have real lives that they are living every day, and  they know that they are beginning to live these lives in a more  dangerous setting: crime on the streets, crime on the rise, open  borders, unvetted migrants coming to their communities, COVID, measles  outbreaks.   They are angry. They have ``buyer's anger.'' I like to say, as I talk  to women: Security moms are back. They are back in full force. They are  back because they don't like the crime in the streets. They want safe  communities. They want their children safe. They want their children  who are going to college this fall to be safe. They are upset with the  Afghanistan withdrawal, with the continuation of the war on terror, and  that their children are going to have to go refight this.   They are angry, and we hear their anger, and we know it is time for  Members in this Chamber to stop playing politics with how much spending  you can force out the door and address these problems that moms and  dads and Americans across this country are faced with each and every  day.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   