 Mr. Speaker, I am so excited for Congressman Cawthorn's  leadership on this issue tonight. I thank him for making time to  address the American people.   Mr. Speaker, there are three people who come to mind when I think of  people who cannot even give their money away:   Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, do you remember when her donations were  returned to her by Members of Congress  [[Page H3125]]  because they didn't want to be associated with her?   Harvey Weinstein. And Joe Biden.   Those three cannot even give money away. In fact, by July 3, 25  States across America will have rejected President Biden's Federal  unemployment benefit bonuses.   I meet with organizations every day that request funds for worthwhile  endeavors. Sadly, America is $28 trillion in debt and can't afford to  spend the money on many of these worthy causes. But leave it to Joe  Biden to try to spend money in a way that actually hurts our economy  and is rejected by Republican and Democrat governors across our entire  country. That is a special level of basement incompetency.   We have got 9.3 million unfilled jobs. And I hear it back home,  businesses can't get people back to work because they are making more  to sit at home on the couch. They would rather watch Dave Portnoy eat a  slice of pizza. But then, again, maybe that is not his viewers. Maybe  it is more of the folks sitting back, watching Joy Behar and ``The  View'' cackle and demonize our country and all of our worthwhile  efforts to restore dignity in this Nation.   The Biden regime is literally incentivizing laziness. But then again,  they set that example on a regular basis, calling it quits in the  middle of the day. When is the last time the President hasn't called a  ``lid'' before his afternoon snack?   In my home State of Colorado, many corporations are offering bonuses  that small businesses can't afford. We are seeing massive signing  bonuses, from $10,000 to $30,000 for utility and HVAC workers, and that  is simply unsustainable.   According to the Colorado Restaurant Association, more than 90  percent of restaurants are having issues finding workers. I am one of  them. I have had employees say, ``I cannot work more than 2 days a  week. I cannot exceed 12 hours of work because it will cut into my  benefits.'' That is un-American.   Joe Biden is quickly becoming the greatest threat to small businesses  since Fauci's fraud. While small businesses across my district and  across America are struggling to find workers, struggling to stay open,  Joe Biden is struggling to stay awake.   I am calling on this administration to end these excessive Federal  COVID payouts and stop disincentivizing work.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Madison Cawthorn for his leadership  on this issue.   