 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  4350, this year's National Defense Authorization Act. As a member of  the Armed Services Committee, I was honored to have a seat at the table  in crafting this legislation, and I am pleased to have been successful  in having a good number of my priorities for Oklahoma's Fifth District  included in this bill.   As a new member of the House Armed Services Committee, I was deeply  concerned when President Biden proposed earlier this year to  essentially cut our defense budget below the rate of inflation at a  time when we are facing serious threats from around the world.   I am thankful for the leadership of Ranking Member Rogers in securing  a bipartisan deal in this bill to provide the additional resources  needed to meet our Nation's defense needs. This bill makes important  investments to protect our Nation from dangerous adversaries like  Russia and China.   I also fought to include several items in the bill we are considering  today, including a measure I co-led with Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon  to require DOD to survey access to mental health and suicide prevention  services within the military healthcare system, as well as a modified  version of my bill to protect servicemembers and their families with  disabilities from being charged out-of-pocket expenses for needed ADA  upgrades to their on-base housing unit.   Lastly, I successfully advanced amendments to require the DOD to  analyze the security threats resulting from the Taliban's release of  thousands of prisoners from Bagram Air Base and an amendment to  increase resources for the Army National Guard to assist CBP with  security operations on the southern border in light of the growing  threats emanating from Afghanistan and elsewhere.   Bottom line, this bill strengthens our Nation's defenses, supports  our brave servicemembers, and sustains important defense programs  across the Nation and in my home State of Oklahoma.   Madam Speaker, certainly there may be provisions of this bill that  not everyone agrees with, but I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   