 Madam Speaker, it was very concerning to me  to hear my colleague describe Border Patrol as treating people that are  coming across our border illegally, differently because of their skin  color, because that is not what I witnessed in my recent visit at the  border of California and Mexico.   As a matter of fact, I am very proud to report to this House and to  the American people that the Border Patrol agents that I spoke with and  talked to, that the detention facility that I visited is amazing, and I  am very proud of our country.   America is the most generous country in the world. There is no other  country on this planet that allows hundreds of thousands of people to  try to enter their country, cross their border against their laws, and  then treat them so well.   The detention center I visited in California houses 1,100 illegal  aliens at the cost of $73 million to the American taxpayers, and that  detention facility was immaculate.   The people being held in this detention center have the right to talk  to attorneys any time they want. They have an entire library filled  with books and resources and computers so that they can educate  themselves. They have translators of every language whenever they need  them. They have food, they can request food any time they want to eat.  They can go outside in the fresh air and the sunshine any time they  want to.   They have laundry facilities. They have a gym. They have a full-sized  basketball court. It was beautiful. They have iPads that they can speak  through FaceTime technology to their family members and their attorneys  any time they need to while they await their request for amnesty or  while they await their court date because they broke laws in our  country.   These are illegal aliens that are not taxpayers, that are not  citizens, and they are treated so well. But my good colleague here from  Florida and I, along with our other colleagues, Congressman Louie  Gohmert, Congressman Paul Gosar, we visited a Federal prison right here  in Washington, D.C. today where we were told in the lobby that we were  trespassing.   As Members of Congress, it is our duty for oversight over these types  of facilities. We vote to fund them, and it is our duty and our right  to go there and check on the circumstances of people and the type of  facility and the maintenance and the order and the care that the  inmates are receiving.   I know this is something that is particularly of interest to you and  some of your colleagues, but today we didn't see that. As a matter of  fact, I would say the lobby of this prison was not in anywhere near the  conditions as far as cleanliness and order that I saw in the detention  center in California.   I yield back to Mr. Gaetz to explain that further.    Mr. Gaetz, I believe that is a great  question. My fear is that this country, our agencies--the FBI, the  Department of Justice, and other agencies, intelligence agencies--are  taking a two-tiered track to justice in the United States of America,  one where Trump supporters are being targeted--these are the stories we  are hearing over and over and over again, which is why we are asking  questions; questions need to be asked--compared to the catch-and- release that we have seen with antifa and BLM.   You see, I haven't heard stories of big tech combing through antifa  and BLM's social media pages, their friends' pages, their family's  pages, reading text messages. I haven't heard stories, I haven't seen  it on the news.   I would like to see it if there are some, but I have not heard  stories of antifa members and BLM members who rioted in the streets,  who looted, who attacked police officers, Federal monuments, police  precincts.    I haven't heard stories of them being kept in jail for long periods  of time with no idea of when their court date is. I haven't heard  stories of Republican Members of Congress sharing bail bond links,  encouraging fund-raising to get these January 6 detainees out of jail.   You see, I haven't heard those stories, and I am interested if there  are some, but I haven't heard them. I have only heard the stories  targeted at Trump supporters and people that committed violence here at  the Capitol.   Another question that I have, Mr. Gaetz, and maybe you have seen it.  I haven't. I haven't seen or heard of one of these detainees or any of  the arrests charged with insurrection, yet this is the term that we  hear over and over again. But do you know, Mr. Gaetz, if there have  been any charges of insurrection?    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   My concern is this, Madam Speaker: We let the jail know that we would  be there, just like we let the Department of Justice know that we were  coming ahead of time. We have sent letters and asked many questions.   The questions I had today were simple questions, just questions about  what time do they get their food? What kind of food do they get? Do  they have access to religious materials or a clergyman or woman of  their choice? Simple questions. When do they get to go outside? I just  had simple questions like that.   Of course, being in this Chamber when January 6 happened, it was a  day that I did not like. I was very upset by it. I was scared by it.  There have been over 500 people charged for things that they had done  here at the Capitol. And I am very much interested in their right to  due process, and they deserve their day in court.   But the issue for me is this: I just couldn't believe the defiance in  the attitude of the people that worked in the prison, because I never  saw that attitude in any other place that I visited as a Member of  Congress, which hasn't been long. Of course, it has only been 7 months.  But when I visited the detention center in California, all of the  people there were so proud of where they work and the job that they are  doing and how they are taking care of the illegal aliens that are being  kept at the detention center. But we didn't see that in the people that  work there.   As a matter of fact, we saw an attitude in front of cameras, in front  of the press. They gave us an attitude of defiance and told us that we  were trespassing. And then when we walked outside to speak to the  person who we thought was a supervisor, they locked the door and would  not let us back in. We were simply there not only to ask questions  about the January 6 detainees, but also just about the prison overall  because this is an important part of our job, oversight as Members of  Congress.   So that was really concerning to me, that they would display this  behavior in front of the press that we had no right to be there, that  we were trespassers and they locked us out. So that gives me great  concern that they don't care about what anyone thinks and they give no  authority to Members of Congress.    Yes. That was my first time visiting the  Department of Justice, and we had let them know ahead of time, Mr.  Gaetz, Mr. Gohmert, Mr. Gosar, Mr. Biggs, and I, many of us had let  them know. We have been asking questions for months.  [[Page H4287]]  We let them know about our visit, and we are standing on the sidewalk  outside the door, and we weren't even allowed past the bike racks to  even go near the door. And then we weren't even invited into the lobby  while we waited to find out if there was someone we could speak to.   Now, for me that was concerning. I have had a lot of death threats. I  have had all kinds of threats on my life, my husband, my children,  terrifying things. And as we were standing on the sidewalk, I could see  many people coming down going each way. And I couldn't believe that. I  was like why would the Department of Justice leave Members of Congress  out here on the sidewalk in the open in the middle of a city and not  bring us in the lobby just to wait to see if we had questions answered.  And not only as a Member of Congress but as a woman, I just couldn't  understand why we were left out there.   So that was very alarming to me. And then just to be never given an  answer; no one to come and speak to us. We just had simple questions.  They're not difficult questions. We are just asking how this is being  investigated. And then we want to know why are these other riots not  being investigated, because that truly affected the American people.   You see, January 6 affected the Capitol and Congress, but all the  riots all year long affected the American people. It affected their  businesses that they worked so hard in. It affected their jobs. It  affected their communities. It burned their communities. It cost them  so much money. There are many people that died. There are officers that  have injuries that they will never recover from and billions and  billions of dollars in damage. So I am very concerned about that two- tier track justice system that should not exist in our country because,  Mr. Gaetz, this is the type of stuff we see in Communist China,  Communist Cuba, and I have great concern and fear of that in the United  States of America.   Mr. GAETZ: It certainly is something, having listened to our  Democratic colleagues for years suggest that President Trump was this  grave danger to our institutions, that our institutions would fall  under a time of rising economic activity and a rising sense of  patriotism, and more productive sectors of our economy growing. But it  seems to me that the Biden administration is doing far more damage to  our institutions by concealing their actions, by deviating from normal  standards of justice and process, and by having an approach that is  more indicative of regimes that don't really respect checks and  balances and balance of power and institutional development and growth.   I note that we are joined by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert.)  Judge Gohmert has spent time on the bench, and is now a senior member  of the House Judiciary Committee. As a judge he has toured a number of  corrections facilities. As a senior member of the Judiciary Committee  he has been involved in drafting legislation that deal with our Federal  prison system. And he joined Congresswoman Greene and I both at the  Department of Justice and at the Federal Bureau of Prisons facility  today and received precisely the same treatment we did.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert) to  reflect on those experiences.   