 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5661, the Continued State  Flexibility To Assist Older Foster Youth Act.   America's most vulnerable foster youth face unique challenges even in  normal times, and the COVID-19 pandemic created even more obstacles to  overcome.   Nearly 20,000 youth age out of foster care every year. While the  COVID pandemic has presented difficulties for all Americans, foster  youth and former foster youth are particularly vulnerable, given that  they are most likely to be without reliable adults and other kinds of  supports in their lives.   The Continued State Flexibility To Assist Older Foster Youth Act  would allow States to keep in place important flexibilities in the  Chafee child welfare program so they can continue to support vulnerable  foster youth in Indiana and across the country.   I am grateful to Chairman Davis for his continued partnership in  building on our past reforms to help families thrive and this  committee's tradition of bipartisan action to protect young people in  our foster care system.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Bacon).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in December, we worked together to take action to help  foster youth through the pandemic so they could build a stronger, more  stable future. That bill, called the Supporting Foster Youth Through  the Pandemic Act, provided much-needed additional support for foster  youth and families, at-risk pregnant women and mothers, and kinship  caregivers, including grandparents.   Mr. Speaker, the bill included $400 million in funding to assist  States in supporting foster youth transitioning to adulthood during the  pandemic. That relief has provided a lifeline for thousands of youth to  get back to school, back into jobs, and on the path of self- sufficiency.   As COVID-19 continues to spur instability, young people with  experience in foster care still face significant challenges to meet  their basic needs and to access critical funds and services.   According to the Department of Health and Human Services, 75 percent  of these funds remain unobligated by States as of September 30, 2021,  and States have another year to spend. In recognition of the needs of  foster youth, this bill would extend those key programmatic  flexibilities for another year.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these vulnerable foster  youth by voting for H.R. 5661, and I yield back the balance of my time.   