 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota for  yielding to me today.   Mr. Speaker, President Biden and Speaker Pelosi are moving full steam  ahead with their Big Government, big spending vision for this country.  One of the most egregious proposals in their multitrillion-dollar  reconciliation package would give the IRS access to nearly every single  American's bank account by requiring financial institutions, like your  local bank or your credit union, to report every account with more than  $10,000 of transactions annually to the IRS.   This proposal would give the IRS unprecedented access to sensitive  personal information and unprecedented power to target working families  across Iowa and across America. This government snooping is a complete  invasion of privacy and a massive overreach into our lives and our  livelihoods.   This spying scheme is a lose, lose, lose. It will increase the  existing backlog at the IRS exponentially. It will jeopardize the  privacy of millions of Americans. It will destroy our community  financial institutions. And it will hurt rural communities and working  families hardest of all.   Democrats claim this is about tax evasion. Everyone should pay the  taxes  [[Page H5742]]  that they owe. That is not the argument here. But this misguided  proposal isn't about tracking down missing revenue; it is about  expanded government control, plain and simple.   This proposal, by design, will hit normal working families' bank  accounts. A total of $10,000 in transactions in a year, that is a  year's rent or a series of farm equipment bills, for example. The IRS  should be focused on being more efficient at its current job, not  emboldened and certainly not unleashed on hardworking Americans.   We do not need to be throwing more money at the IRS to put Americans'  daily transactions under a microscope. Iowans have been very clear with  me. They do not want the IRS snooping around in their bank accounts at  that granular level.   I have also heard very serious concerns from our community financial  institutions. These are the folks that are helping our farmers, our  families, and our small businesses access credit. They told me this  proposal could force them to shut down for good, leaving Iowans without  access to credit and capital that they need to help keep our rural  economy going to fuel and feed the world.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to put a stop to this madness and  stand up for our constituents by voting ``no'' on the previous  question, keeping the government out of Americans' bank accounts.   