 Mr. President, I rise to ask that the Senate be  given the chance to consider and vote on the Military Justice  Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act.   Before I discuss the bill, I would like to first acknowledge that we  have just returned from Memorial Day recess and to recognize the men  and women who made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our country and to  protect our freedom. They got on a plane or they got on a ship; they  went to countries they may never have been to before; they fought for  our country; and they didn't come home.   We ask so much of our servicemembers and their families, and we owe  it to them to take action when they are in danger. That is why I want  to talk about this bill right now.   Sexual assault in the military is an epidemic. Year after year,  reports of sexual assault have gone up, but conviction rates and  prosecution rates have actually come down. This stems from a  fundamental problem which has to be addressed: There is bias in our  military justice system.   Right now, if you are a victim of sexual assault or another serious  crime, the decision to prosecute goes to a commander, not to a trained  military prosecutor. And while our commanders are exceptional leaders  and exceptional warfighters, they are not legal experts, nor should  they be asked to be. Nor can commanders be truly independent when  considering charges against a subordinate or charges made by a  subordinate.   This bill removes the decision of whether to prosecute sexual  assaults or any other serious crime out of the chain of command and  gives it to trained military prosecutors, where it belongs. This would  establish something fundamental to our justice system: blind justice.  It is a simple change. It is a change that is supported by legal  experts, by JAGs, by commanders, by generals, by admirals, by veterans.   Opponents of this bill--and their numbers are dwindling--claim that  this one change would somehow undermine good order and discipline.  Well, I will tell you, I have heard that one before. It is the same  weak argument they have made time and time again.   Many people stood on this floor and said that we could not repeal  don't ask, don't tell because it undermined good order and discipline.  When we wanted to integrate the military and have Black servicemembers  serve, we were told we couldn't possibly do that; it would undermine  good order and discipline. We made the case that LGBTQ members should  be able to serve openly, that trans members should be able to serve  openly. We were told: You can't possibly do that; it would undermine  good order and discipline. When we asked for women to be able to serve  in combat, something they had been doing for a very long time but not  necessarily getting credit for it, we were told: You can't possibly do  that; it will undermine good order and discipline.   But each of those times Congress rose to the occasion and did the  right thing and did the thing that was necessary to make our military  stronger, and each time our military became stronger.   Further undermining this argument is the fact that this system, or  versions very similar to it, are being used today by our allies that we  fight side by side, allies like the UK or Israel or Germany or  Netherlands or Australia or Canada. They did not see a degradation of  good order and discipline. They told us so.   Finally, in addition to the opposition to this bill being a weak  argument, the support for this bill is strong, and that support  continues to grow. How many bills have you heard of in this Congress,  or the last, or the last, or the last that have 66 cosponsors? Widely  bipartisan. How many bills have Liz Warren and Ted Cruz on them or  Mitch McConnell and Chuck Schumer in support of? It doesn't happen very  often.   But this is something that I and many Senators in this Chamber have  been working on for 8 years, holding hearings on for 8 years, making  amendments in the NDAA for 8 years, making the case that this change is  needed for 8 years. And through all that work and through all that  advocacy, we now have 66 cosponsors--a majority of the Senate, a  majority of the Armed Services Committee. This bill deserves a vote.  This bill deserves to have the Senate vote on it now. It is time to  pass this law, and it is time to do our jobs.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that, at a time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation  with the Republican leader, the Senate Armed Services Committee be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1520 and the Senate proceed  to its consideration; that there be 2 hours for debate, equally  divided, in the usual form and that upon the use or yielding back of  that time, the Senate vote on the bill with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, while the chairman does agree that  the serious crime of sexual assault should be taken out of the chain of  command, our bill requests and requires that all serious crimes be  taken out of the chain of command because of the existence of bias. And  we have two data points that prove that bias. One is the poor results  we have seen for survivors of sexual assaults over the last 10 years  that data has been collected, and the second data point we have, which  has been developed over the last 3 years, is the existence of racial  bias.   Protect Our Defenders did a serious report in 2017, and it determined  that across all services, looking at all punishments, Black and Brown  servicemembers were punished approximately two times more often than  White servicemembers, looking at both nonjudicial and court-martials.  And that show of bias means that the military justice system isn't  working for many people. It is not working for plaintiffs, and it is  not working for defendants.   And, in fact, when our allies looked at this same issue, particularly  defendants' rights over the last 40 years, they determined that bias in  the system was incompatible with their views of justice, and they  decided that for defendants' rights, specifically, all serious crimes  should be decided by trained military prosecutors.   So this solution is one we have been debating in the committee for 8  years, and, in fact, we have used compromises  [[Page S3955]]  and smaller steps and small-ball measures over the last 8 years to  address this problem. Unfortunately, despite putting in place  approximately 250 new measures over the last 8 years, the rate of  conviction and the rate of prosecution is still going down, but the  rate of sexual assault has stayed persistent at approximately 20,000  incidents a year.   So while I appreciate that my colleague is coming to the conclusion  that one serious crime should be taken out of the chain of command,  military experts disagree that a line should be drawn around only one  crime because they believe that that will result in unfair systems of  justice--two systems of justice and one that does not meet the needs of  bias that we see in the current system.   Second, we have many combat veterans on this legislation. Joni Ernst  is one of our lead sponsors, who is the only female Republican combat  veteran and who has also experienced sexual assault. Mark Kelly is on  our bill. Tammy Duckworth is on our bill. Gary Peters is on our bill.  Josh Hawley is on our bill. And we also have many of our attorneys  general on this bill, people who have looked at the law from a  perspective of civil rights and civil liberties, such as Richard  Blumenthal.   This matters, and I believe that we have given the committee 8 years  to solve this problem.   Third, when we have given the opportunity to the committee to solve  this problem and pass meaningful--meaningful--reforms, if the DOD  disagreed with those reforms, despite passing in the House and in the  Senate, they have seen fit to make sure those reforms have been taken  out in conference. One such example was legislation we passed in 2019  creating a ``safe to report'' provision, which would have allowed  survivors of sexual assault to come forward to report the crime but not  be prosecuted for related smaller crimes, such as drinking or being off  base.   That language passed the Senate. It passed the House. And,  miraculously, because the DOD didn't approve, it was taken out in  conference. In 2020, the Senators who worked on that provision, Senator  Ernst and I, made very clear that we did not appreciate staff members  taking out work and provisions that had been considered and voted on by  Senators as part of their responsibility. And we were able to pass it  the second time.   So, unfortunately, Mr. President, I don't have faith that if we allow  the committee to look at this bill and pass it in the Senate and the  House, that it will not be watered down or taken out in conference  without the consent of all the Senators who voted for it.   Therefore, I urge this body to allow for an up-or-down vote on this  Senate floor. That is a privilege that was given ``don't ask, don't  tell'' repeal because of similar filibusters by members of the Armed  Services Committee. When we voted on ``don't ask, don't tell,'' it was  an up-or-down Senate vote. This deserves the same opportunity.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   