 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of  Congressman Alcee Hastings.   Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., once said: ``The ultimate measure of a  man is not where he stands in moments of convenience and comfort, but  where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.''   Madam Speaker, what we all know in this Chamber is that Congressman  Alcee Hastings was never afraid to stand during times of challenge and  controversy. You see, Congressman Hastings was born in central Florida  in Altamonte Springs. He was always so proud to share his stories with  me about growing up in a city not far from the district I now  represent.    Alcee Hastings was a giant in our State, the dean of the delegation.  When I think about what it meant for Alcee, being the dean was a lot  more than being the longest serving Member.   Alcee Hastings was a giant of a man in Florida, but he was a giant of  a man around the Nation and a giant of a man in our world.   As you have heard, he was the first Black person, period, man or  woman, appointed as a Federal judge in Florida. We all know the joys  and the pain of being a first and paving the way for others to follow,  paving the way for other boys and girls and men and women, regardless  of the color of their skin, paving the way for them as a first.   I remembered that appointment. I was working at the Orlando Police  Department, and I was so proud to know of this giant of a man who was  appointed as the first Black man to serve as a Federal judge. We were  all so proud of him.   One of the things I most appreciated about Congressman Hastings, my  colleague from Florida--and hear me clearly, there were many things  that I loved and appreciated about him. But  [[Page H2041]]  one of the things was that he was big enough to share his space with  you regardless of whether you were a freshman or you had been here for  a considerable amount of time. Congressman Hastings never hesitated to  share his space with you. He never hesitated to give advice. He never  hesitated to mentor, and he genuinely wanted you to do well.   Congressman Hastings was a true friend, and it didn't matter if he  agreed with everything you said. He didn't have to. If you were his  friend, he understood that friends didn't always agree on everything  because, see, Alcee was his own man. We heard the song earlier today,  and he did it his way.   He was his own man with his own beliefs, his own principles. He  allowed me to be my own woman with my own beliefs. He allowed all of  us, in our respective places. That is the kind of man, the giant of a  man, that he was.   Congressman Hastings didn't waste a lot of time fighting over trivial  matters. He was on a mission. He was fighting for justice. I really  can't remember a time he was not fighting for justice. He didn't mind  fighting for women's rights even after he had made it himself. He  didn't mind fighting for equal rights. He didn't mind fighting for  human rights. He didn't mind fighting for the LGBTQ community. He  didn't mind standing up and fighting for people who were different from  him.   Congressman Hastings dedicated his life to fighting for a better  Florida and, therefore, fighting for a better Nation.   I say to my colleagues that if you were in a fight, you wanted  Congressman Hastings on your side. Madam Speaker, as we know, someone  will take his space, but I don't believe that anyone can ever take his  place.   I would like to close with just a short scripture from Psalm 56 that  says: ``In God I trust; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me? I  am under vows to You, O God; I will present my thank offerings to You.  For You have delivered me from . . . stumbling, that I may walk before  God in the light of life.''   Congressman Hastings was not afraid, and we are forever grateful for  his life well lived.   