 Mr. President, Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health  Organization, the case that will come before our Nation's highest Court  on December 1, is truly a historic case. It is about a law the State of  Mississippi passed in 2018 to ban almost all abortions after 15 weeks  of pregnancy.   When I was a member of the State legislature in Nebraska in 2010, we  passed the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Nebraska's bill  banned most abortions after 20 weeks, the point when science at that  time told us that unborn babies start to be able to feel pain. We were  the first State in the country to pass a law of this kind, and in our  Nebraska unicameral, we passed it with 44 ``yes'' votes and just 5  ``no'' votes.   Nebraska has a unicameral--1 House, 49 Senators. We have pro-choice,  pro-life, Republicans and Democrats that voted for this bill. We had  pro-choice Republicans. We had a number of pro-life Democrats. In fact,  we had a former Democratic National Committeeman vote for this bill.  All we cared about was protecting the most vulnerable people in our  society--unborn children.   I was proud to support Nebraska's bill. I was proud that pro-life  Democrats, pro-choice Republicans, put their differences aside to vote  for it. And I am proud today to stand with Mississippi as their law  comes before the U.S. Supreme Court.   Back in July, I joined more than 200 of my colleagues in the Senate  and the House of Representatives in filing an amicus brief supporting  Mississippi's bill. In our brief, we argued that the precedence the  Supreme Court set in Roe v. Wade and a later case, Planned Parenthood  v. Casey, are outdated. When Roe was decided nearly 50 years ago,  babies born before 28 weeks were not expected to survive. Today, the  miracles of modern medicine have allowed babies born much earlier to  not only survive but to go on to live full and happy lives.   Just last year, a little boy was born right next door to Mississippi,  in Alabama, at 21 weeks. He was 132 days premature, and he weighed just  14.8 ounces. Fifty years ago, it would have been unthinkable-- unthinkable--for him to live beyond a few days. But this July, he  celebrated his first birthday.   Fifty years ago, ultrasounds and sonograms were not widely available.  Today, they are an essential part of prenatal care. The pictures that  these technologies enable families to see of their unborn children,  even at the early stages of pregnancy, are often nearly identical to  the newborns they will soon become. The advancements of the last 50  years have left no doubt about the humanity of the unborn. And as  science continues to progress over the next 50 years, new developments  are going to keep allowing babies born earlier and earlier to survive  and to thrive.   The laws of just about every developed country have kept up with this  rapid progress, but here in the United States our laws are stuck in the  past. The United States is one of only four nations on Earth where  certain States allow abortions up to the day of birth. That puts us in  the uncomfortable company of China, North Korea, and Vietnam. Ninety  percent of countries around the world limit abortion at 15 weeks, the  same point as Mississippi's law, and some even earlier. In Europe  alone, there are eight countries with laws that are stricter than  Mississippi's. That includes Germany, where abortion is illegal in most  cases just after 12 weeks. Women seeking  [[Page S8821]]  abortions before 12 weeks in Germany also have to go through a 3-day  waiting period and a mandatory counseling session.   Mississippi's law isn't that different from Germany's. In some ways,  it is even more lenient, but it is still being challenged in our court  system based on legal decisions from decades ago.   Our laws are outdated, and America's unborn children are paying the  price. Since 1973, more than 60 million abortions have taken the lives  of more than 60 million American children, many of whom could have  survived outside the womb.   It is past time for the United States to move into the 21st century.  The Supreme Court has a chance to help us do that by upholding  Mississippi's law in the Dobbs case, and I hope they will.   With that, I would yield to my colleague from Kansas, Senator  Marshall, who is also a doctor, a gynecologist, and obstetrician.   