 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for  yielding.   I want to thank especially the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Raskin,  for his support on this bill as well as my other colleagues.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan bill, which  will enhance the domestic prosecution of perpetrators of war crimes,  crimes against humanity, and genocide.   Though we often think of these atrocities as being tried at  international tribunals, there are many domestic statutes as well that  criminalize genocide and war crimes. It is important that we can apply  domestic law in the prosecution of these criminals, and this bill  allows the State Department's War Crimes Rewards Program to offer  rewards for the arrest or conviction of perpetrators of these  atrocities.   Earlier this month, we witnessed our domestic justice system  prosecuting war crimes and acts of terrorism. One of the now infamous  associates of Jihadi John just pled guilty to all eight counts against  him in a U.S. district court. He played a leading role in the ISIS plan  to kidnap, hold for ransom, and ultimately behead four American  hostages. Domestic prosecution can bring swift justice and allows  nations to hold perpetrators more directly accountable to those that  they have wronged, such as the victims' families.   With passage of the War Crimes Rewards Expansion Act, we can see even  more perpetrators of atrocities against Americans brought to justice.   During just the last 20 years, we have witnessed three declared  genocides: Darfur in 2004, ISIS in 2016, and the Xinjiang province in  2021. We want those who commit these atrocities and heinous crimes to  feel the weight of the law pressing in on them and feel that America is  hunting for them. We want them never to feel safe, never find rest, and  we know we will not rest until they are brought to justice.   This bill will help make America safer and bring perpetrators of war  crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide to justice.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill.   