 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Child Care for Economic Recovery Act. I want to thank Chairman Neal,  Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman Davis, Chairwoman DeLauro, and Vice Chair  Clark for working with me on this critical bill.   Access to quality, affordable childcare was out of reach for many  parents before the COVID pandemic, and now our childcare crisis is far  worse.   Families juggling full-time jobs and caring for their kids at home  desperately need our help. And millions of healthcare, grocery store,  and other essential workers who cannot work from home are out of  options.   Thankfully, this package includes a bill I coauthored with Chairman  Davis to help States provide childcare for essential workers. It also  provides long-term support to help working families afford childcare.  Finally, it invests in facilities to help them adapt to serve families  safely.   This pandemic is nowhere near under control, and it isn't safe for  many to return to work. But parents must have access to safe and  affordable childcare before our economy can reopen.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and, again, I thank those  involved with the writing of it.    Madam Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. Few men  ever achieve what John Lewis has in his life, and few men do so while  genuinely caring about every single person they meet.   When I joined the Ways and Means Committee as a new member, John made  a point to make me feel welcome.   Despite all that he had accomplished in his life, John was never too  busy or too important for you.   John made such a profound impact on all of us because his kindness,  humility, and gentle strength were rooted in his nature.   He understood that his life's work could never be finished, and he  never missed an opportunity to inspire younger generations to carry  that work forward.   I will never forget when John's inspiration healed deep wounds in my  own community. In 2005, a high school in my district was struggling  with racial tension between Black and Latinx students. Students were  hopelessly divided, and John offered to visit the high school with me.   He spoke to students and their parents and helped them understand  that the civil rights movement benefited all disenfranchised  communities. He reminded us that when minority communities allow  ourselves to be pitted against each other, we all suffer.   As serious as John was, he also had a lighthearted and fun side to  him as well. I will never forget when he made a video of himself  dancing ``Gangnam Style'' to encourage young people to vote. He was up  for anything that promoted voting and civic engagement.   John had a profound impact on my son, Joaquin, when we walked  together in Selma across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. Joaquin, who was 7  at the time, was able to walk with John Lewis and retrace the footsteps  of history with a living legend. Joaquin was so moved that he read all  of John's books and wrote a report on him during a unit on African- American history in school.   I will always cherish the memories that my family and I were lucky  enough to share with John.   It is a cruel irony that we should lose John when the qualities that  made him great are needed so desperately today in our government. But  his passing is a heartbreaking reminder of what really matters.   Because of John, we know that ridding our society of injustice  requires  [[Page H3971]]  all of us to get in good trouble. Because of John, we know we can  withstand true adversity.   History will remember John Lewis as a hero who made the world better  for all. It is worth remembering that he did so by showing and  reminding us all to be better versions of ourselves.   I am so grateful to have called him a friend, a colleague, and a  mentor. My husband and son were here this morning to say good-bye to  Mr. Lewis for the last time. My son thought it was important to see him  off on his journey to walk with angels. We will miss him dearly.   