 Thank you, Congresswoman Jackson Lee, for  yielding, for your tremendous leadership on so many issues, and for  once again bringing us together tonight. You and our Speaker pro  tempore who is managing the floor tonight, Congressman Ritchie Torres,  I thank you both so much for really continuing to beat the drum  throughout the country about so many issues that are so important to  not only the African-American community, but to our entire country.   Also, to our Chairwoman, Congresswoman Joyce Beatty, I just want to  salute you for your leadership and for really ensuring that the  Congressional Black Caucus stays the conscience of the Congress in so  many ways on so many issues, being such an inclusive caucus under your  leadership, which is, I guess, the largest one ever now on our 50th  anniversary. So thank you so much.   And to Congresswoman Terri Sewell, daughter of Selma, I know your  mother is very proud of you, and I know that John Lewis is shining his  light upon you and Selma and this 56th anniversary of Bloody Sunday.   Congresswoman Sewell, I just have to say that I have been with her  many times in Selma, in Alabama. She fights so hard for her  constituents, but also to make sure that Selma gets the recognition,  the credit, and also the resources that it so deserves as being that  historical place where, had it not been for Bloody Sunday and Selma, we  would not be here tonight as a strong Congressional Black Caucus  leading the way on so many issues.   A year later, after John Lewis's passing, of course, we celebrate his  life and his legacy, but also we honor him for really passing the baton  to our young people, who he knew would take that baton and run this  next lap of the race.   I had the privilege to attend the Faith & Politics pilgrimages for  many, many years, at least 17 or 18 years. I took children, young  people from my Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center on these  pilgrimages. We crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge many times each year.  John Lewis was so committed. Even with the 500, 600 people there, he  took time to talk to young people, to explain to them not only the  historical context upon which we were marching across that bridge, but  he took time to encourage them and to empower them to take that baton  and run this lap of the race for justice.   I just have to tell you now with what is going on in the country now  with voter suppression efforts throughout, we cannot go back to the  days of Jim Crow. I am thinking now, 56 years later after Bloody  Sunday, the moment that we are in, because we must run this lap of the  race and we must run it much faster now.   Bloody Sunday was just that. It was bloody. It was bloody. Those who  were beaten and bloodied 56 years ago, they deserve our gratitude and  our honor by passing the John Lewis Voting Rights Act, H.R. 4. Because  of those heroes and sheroes, we all stand here as Members of Congress.   Because of John Lewis, he believed in the promise of liberty and  justice for all and the beloved community, which we all are fighting  for and insisting that we come together to pass H.R. 4.   This is a moment--a defining moment, I believe, for our democracy  because we shouldn't have to stand here 56 years later, after so many  people were bloodied, and say we once again have to fight this battle  again.   I hope tonight that those who are listening will really understand  this defining moment we are in and help us pass the John Lewis Voting  Rights Advancement Act. We owe it to John Lewis 56 years later. We owe  it to those foot soldiers, those heroes and sheroes who marched across  that bridge. We owe it to those who are still helping us. We owe it to  those seniors, those elders in Selma and in Alabama, who are still out  there fighting to make sure that liberty and justice for all prevails.   Tonight, I just want to thank the Congressional Black Caucus for  honoring Congressman John Lewis, for lifting up Selma and Bloody  Sunday. I missed being there this weekend. This is quite a moment for  me because I miss seeing John sitting right over there, getting into  some good trouble, talking to all of us, saying, ``Okay, now, this is  what we have got to do tomorrow. This is what we have got to do today.  Are you coming down?'' You know, talking about votes on the floor.   I mean, John was such a mentor to all of us and he encouraged us.  Tonight is just very powerful for all of us to be able to recognize  him, thank him, and say we must pass H.R. 4 in his honor. This is our  power and this is our message.   