 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am on the floor this afternoon as we  are waiting to learn when we might be able to proceed to a series of  amendments as they relate to the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  Act.   This is a significant measure, one that I have been very proud to be  involved with for a period of time, working with colleagues on both  sides of the aisle in our working groups--G-10, G-22--working with the  committee chairman and ranking member, working with other Members to  get where we are today, which is a long-awaited--really, a long-away-- investment in our Nation's infrastructure.   I know that Members are looking through the significant legislation  that is in front of us. You don't need to take my word for it. You can  look at the number of inches of the document in front of me. It is  significant.   Mr. President, I would suggest to you the need in this country is  significant when it comes to investments in our Nation's  infrastructure--our core infrastructure--what we define to be our  roads, our rails, our bridges, our ports, our water and sewer, our  broadband. I think we recognize that we talk a lot in this Chamber and  perhaps on the other side, as well, and Presidents have come and gone  and all talked about the need for more investment in our  infrastructure. But truth be told, we really haven't done a real  wholesale effort toward that goal until this year. We saw significant  work come out of committees this year.   I want to commend the chairman of the Environment and Public Works  Committee, Senator Carper, my friend from Delaware. His committee  worked hard, not only on the surface transportation measure but also  the water infrastructure measure that had passed through.   We have seen other good work in other areas of infrastructure.   I am on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. That committee  was able to move out a significant--what we call the power  infrastructure--piece that became one of the anchor tenets, if you  will, within this measure.   There has been good, collaborative work through the committees. Then  that has been built on by Members, again, across the aisle over these  past months to get us to where we are today.   I ask Members, as they are going through the bill itself, the  language that we had hoped we would get a little bit earlier for  colleagues to go through--but in fairness, we really needed to take the  time to make sure  [[Page S5540]]  that we had gotten it right. It really does matter. So it did cause  some delay that we wish we could have avoided, but we are where we are.   It is Monday afternoon, and what I am hearing from colleagues is that  they want an opportunity to engage in this process. Many in this body  have not been part of the working groups. Perhaps, they weren't part of  the committees that had advanced some of these pieces of legislation  that we have incorporated. They want to be participants, and rightly  so. This is the time to do just that.   I think it is everyone's intention that we have a robust amendment  process moving forward. I am actually looking forward to this. I have  had the opportunity on this floor several times now to be able to  manage energy bills, natural resources bills, bills that have been  significant, bills on which we have actually been able to have a pretty  decent amendment process.   Sometimes, in fairness--sometimes--that amendment process caused  things to derail for a period of time. We don't want to do that in this  instance, not at all. But it is not very often that we really do have a  true and a meaningful amendment process. We are going to have an  opportunity for that with the budget resolution coming forward. But I  think, for the most part, most of us know that there is a lot of  messaging that goes on. This is not about messaging. This is about  delivering results for the American people. This is about creating jobs  as we build out legacy infrastructure that is needed around the  country.    Highways. We all know--we all know--that our highways are in need of  help and support. The provisions that we have included in this measure  for roads and bridges will be significant as we attend to the many  damaged bridges that we see around the country, that really do present  a threat to public safety. Let's get on them. We know our highways, in  so many areas, are in serious disrepair, and in certain areas, we need  to be doing more to help build out that highway infrastructure to ease  the congestion to allow for greater efficiency, to allow us, as  Americans, to do more of the things that we want to do, whether it is  to spend more time with your family, be more productive at your work,  but let's have an efficient system.   We have a little over 14,000 miles of public roads in Alaska. I can  tell you that, as we look to my State's roads and the condition and the  shape that they are in, I know that we need investments in this space,  but I also know that it is not just about roads and bridges. We also  allow for things like replacements of culverts for the community-- actually, the community that I was born in--in Ketchikan. I just met  with the community leaders, and they shared with me that some of these  culvert replacement projects are as key and critical to them as  anything else that they have going on. And so recognizing that what we  are doing is allowing for greater safety, greater access through our  support for highways, for bridges, for things like culverts, for  pedestrian safety initiatives, I think we all want to do more in that  area.   Alaskans probably fly more than we drive. Our reality is some 80  percent of our communities are not connected by road, and the  geography, the expanse that we deal with, is that we are just not going  to be connected that way. But we don't need to be connected that way  when we can be connected by the air and when we can be connected over  the water. And so this legislation is, again, very important to those  who fly.   And when I talk about flying, you know, sometimes these are small  bush carriers, moving mail and groceries and people to medical  appointments. But the fact that we have $15 billion in formula funding  for the FAA Airport Improvement Program, this is going to be key. This  helps with everything from runway lighting to navigation, taxiway  initiatives. These are ways that the 400 public airports in Alaska are  going to be able to move out on a more efficient basis, if you will,  some of the necessary safety upgrades that they have in front of them.  And, again, us, it is not just about the land-based airports; we also  have the sea-based areas that we worry about. We have some 114 sea- based airports that we refer to.   So recognizing that not every airport is like a Dulles or a DCA here,  what we are able to do for our small hub airports, our nonhub airports,  our nonprimary airports--communities of all sizes, because, again,  whether you are in Bethel or Utqiagvik or wherever you may be  throughout the State, all sizes are not the same here. So making sure  that we are able to accommodate that is going to be important.   I have mentioned that we are also connected on land, air, but also by  sea, and for those of us who are in coastal States--the Senator from  Delaware has a coastline, has ferries--people move around by ferries.  We rely on our Alaska Marine Highway System. There are some 30, 35  different communities where that really is their connector. That is how  the kids move the high school basketball team. That is how the church  groups move. That is how you pick up the groceries at Costco in Juneau,  and you put them on the ferry to go over to Angoon. It is how people  shop. It is how they--it is their road. It is the Alaska Marine Highway  System, and so recognizing the support that we can provide for our  ferry systems, whether it is in Alaska or Delaware or places in  between, is, again, an important opportunity for us.   We recognize that as we provide support for those technologies that  will allow us to move people more efficiently and more cleanly, there  is a lot of emphasis from this administration, particularly, with focus  on EVs. Well, in this measure, we not only have provisions as they  relate to clean schoolbuses but also to alternative fuel ferries.  Recognizing that we have some opportunities, whether it is an EV ferry  that might run from Haines to Skagway or an alternative fuel, we want  to be thinking forward into the future.   One of the pieces of this measure--this very significant  infrastructure bill--that a lot of work has gone into is the water and  wastewater title. This is significant. This is significant. We saw, not  too many years ago, the situation in Flint, MI, with lead pipes. We  have been working to address many of those issues for a period of time,  and rightly so. We provide significant funding--more than $180 million  over 5 years--for the water and wastewater projects in Alaska through  the Clean Water State Revolving Fund and the Drinking Water State  Revolving Fund programs. These are significant for us.    In so many parts of the State, we are either faced with unserved  communities, when it comes to water and wastewater, or vastly  underserved. And when I say unserved, we kind of know what it means in  the broadband sense, but let me explain to you what it means in the  water and sewer place. It means that you don't have running water in  your home; you don't have a toilet that flushes. You have a community  well where people go, and they fill up their cherry jugs and haul it  back. It means that for sanitation, for using the bathroom, the  bathroom is effectively a Home Depot bucket. If you are fancy, you have  a toilet seat on it. But it is the responsibility of somebody in the  family to haul that bucket out and dump it.   I have shared pictures on the floor here of what that really means in  a community to have no water--no water, no sewer system. Thirty-two out  of a hundred ninety rural Alaska villages are currently in this  situation.   I received a voice mail, over the weekend, from one of Alaska's  mayors from a smaller community--on the road system, though. And she  shared with me--and I owe her a call back--but she shared with me--she  said: You know, there are so many people in my community who don't have  running water. And, again, this is a community that is on the road  system between Anchorage and Fairbanks. And so how we can help address  what most would say is pretty basic infrastructure, is pretty basic  healthcare needs when it comes to water and sanitation, there is  significant funding in this measure for Indian Health Service's  sanitation facilities.   I am the ranking member on the Indian Affairs Committee. I have been  on this committee since I came to the Senate 19 years ago. I have seen,  over the years, the efforts that we have made to try to address the  water and sanitation needs in Indian Country in Alaska with our Native  villages. Our reality that we face is we are still in an extreme  deficit when it comes to our Tribal communities. The reality is that  [[Page S5541]]  we have left them behind when it comes to something like modern-day  water and the wastewater systems. And so the unprecedented investment  in sanitation infrastructure is one that, I think, is significant and  incredibly important because we are seeking to clear all the known  project needs.   Now, people will say that is aggressive, but let me tell you, when  you go to some of these communities and you hear the concerns from the  people in the village about how they are supposed to keep their  families from contracting this virus, when this first simple step is to  wash your hands, and they say: Water is pretty precious around here  because we don't have a sink to wash our hands in. And so the effort  here to catch up--and I don't even like to use those words in that  sense. We have to do right by our Native people, and the effort here, I  think, is key and critically important.   Another area that I am pleased that working with the committee of  jurisdiction, led by Senator Carper, that there has been a focus on-- and this is something that Ranking Member Capito has been keenly  focused on, as well--and this is the PFOS contamination through our  clean water and our drinking water programs.   I also recognize that there is a focus on small and disadvantaged  communities. I have one small community down in southeast Alaska,  Gustavus. It is the community that is right next to the Glacier Bay  National Monument area, and the PFOS in their little community, near  the airport area, is something that is a major and significant concern  for that tiny, small, little community. So making sure that, again,  these programs--the funding that we are helping to advance--is good,  whether you are an urban area with 100-year-old pipes that need  replacement or you are a community that has lacked the original  infrastructure in the first place, how we are able to ensure that the  needs of our small communities are met as well is significant, and I  think it is an important part of this legislation.   I mentioned broadband as being that other connector. We connect by  way of transportation systems. We get that. But, nowadays, if you are  not connected--if you are not connected by the broadband availability,  the ability to communicate elsewhere--your economies are limited; you  are limited. I mentioned the fact that so many of the communities in my  State are not connected by a road and probably will not be in my  lifetime. And they are not seeking that as an answer, but they do want  to be connected to the rest of the world. They want to know that for  the crafts that they are able to make at home, they have the ability  to, perhaps, sell them to a broader audience. Maybe it is on your own  little website, selling to folks in the lower 48 or globally. But you  can't do that. You can't do that if you don't have the connection.   And so the recognition that the grants for the deployment--the  broadband deployment--with minimum allocation to each State are  important, but also recognizing a focus on these high-cost areas for  deployment. I am just saying, if you are looking for a high-cost area  for deployment, look no further than Alaska. It is not something that  we are proud of; it is a reality. But part of the tragedy that we see  is that, in many communities, broadband has arrived. The internet is  there, but people can't afford to use it.   We have heard in the height of the pandemic last year a reality that  families could not--could not connect because the cost to do so was  just prohibitive, which meant that children weren't gaining that full  access to the information. It meant that if you were trying to work  from home, that you couldn't do that. And so it is a reality that it is  not just about access, but access has to mean some level of  affordability.   So the focus in this broadband piece, I think, is critically  important as we look to the provisions in the Middle Mile  Infrastructure grants; as we look to the support, again, for Tribal  broadband, recognizing, again, that this is an area that has been  chronically underfunded in the past.   There is so much that--when you think about how solid infrastructure  allows you to have an economy. In Anchorage, we host what we call  Alaska's port. And it is a significant port. Obviously the largest one  in the State. But it is through the Port of Alaska that over 85 percent  of the goods, the commodities come into the State, and then they are  distributed either by truck or by rail, air, but they are moved out  from there. And we know what an economic driver that port is to not  only Anchorage, but to the State as well.   But it is not just big ports; it is also the smaller ports. We have  got more coastline than any State in the country.   And, again, if you don't have the roads, how are you getting in?   You are maybe flying in by small airplane, but more likely your  materials are barged up during the summer months. That is how you get  the lumber. That is how you get the snow machine or the four-wheeler to  go out and do your hunting.   Our reality is that our ports have to work in every size community,  and so knowing that there will be additional support for remote and  subsistence harbor construction is going to be so key--so key--to these  small, small, little communities for whom, if they didn't have this,  they have got nothing.   You can't move fish out, you can't move fish in; you can't move goods  in, you can't move goods out. Everything, then, is flown in; and think  about what that means if everything is flown in. It is crazy, wicked  expensive. And you are talking about a--you are talking about a sheet  of sheetrock, the fact is that if you are--if you are flying in your  materials, it is almost impossible to be able to afford any of it.   There is so much, again, when I think about ways that we help to  build our communities, help build our economies, help create jobs  through infrastructure.   And I spent a lot of time focused on energy initiatives, and I am  pleased with the work that came out of the Energy Committee that is  focused in these various areas that drive the level of innovation that  we will need as we are working to be more efficient, to have cleaner  energy sources, and to really be more competitive.   We effectively took the Energy Act that we passed last--at the end of  last Congress and we helped to build out many of the provisions that  were contained in that act, whether it is the advanced reactor  demonstration project; more on hydropower and marine energy research;  funding for geothermal, wind, solar energy; the energy storage  demonstration projects--so much, again, that is focused on what do we  need to do to really be not only forward-leaning and innovative, but  efficient to allow for a more competitive role globally.   When you think about our Nation's grid infrastructure and resiliency,  you don't need to close your eyes and imagine what can happen when your  grid fails.   Unfortunately, as we are seeing--as we are seeing, whether they are  wildfires, whether we are seeing brownouts with the extreme heat, our  reality is that our grid infrastructure needs support. We need to have  that resiliency that we all talk about. And, again, I am going to stand  up for the small grids, the smaller utilities who face the same  pressures that you might have in an integrated grid back here, in fact,  even maybe more so.   If you are a small, stand-alone community, you are your own grid. You  need to have a level of resilience and the ability to make sure that  people are not literally freezing in the dark.   And so the effort that we have included with regards to our set-aside  for small utilities, these are--these are significant initiatives.   I have mentioned resilience a couple different times. I think  sometimes people think that that is a word that is overused, but I will  tell you, we can't be doing enough when it comes to resilience.   We have included in this measure a provision that we entitled  ``Tribal Climate Resilience.'' This is funding that is included to  really help with those threatened communities. Many we see in my State,  but certainly I hear from colleagues in other States who are seeing the  same concerns as communities are more threatened due to--whether it is  erosion, as we are seeing in Alaska, or flooding, but support to assist  with climate resilience, adaptation projects, as well as community  relocation.   I will wrap up by just a little bit more commentary on the resilience  [[Page S5542]]  piece. We are seeing in the West incredible drought right now. We are  seeing the extent of these forest fires from Oregon going east. But I  think it is important for colleagues to know that, again, when we are  taking about infrastructure and resilience, we also are acknowledging  natural resource-related infrastructure and what more we might be doing  with wildfire management, ecosystem restoration.   And so to make sure that there is support for things like mechanical  thinning, fuel breaks, other activities to reduce the risk of wildfire,  whether it is on our Forest Service lands or any of our public lands,  but also the concerns, then, when the fire knows no boundary as to  whose lands they are   Certainly in Alaska we saw the benefit of fuel breaks as they were  implemented on the Kenai. We had a pretty significant fire several  years back, the Funny River Fire, and we saw full well what that fuel  break really did to help protect property and life.   The bill also includes precommercial thinning, which, again, is  important in a host of different areas, not the least of which in my  State on the Tongass.   But I think we do a good job to make sure that when we are talking  about infrastructure, we are recognizing the core infrastructure of-- whether it is legacy projects, like roads, rails, bridges, but also  recognizing that infrastructure has impact to our lands and how we  ensure that there is greater resilience, again, greater protections,  and ensuring that it is addressed perhaps more broadly.   So there is much good in this bill. There is not everything that I  would have wanted, most certainly. There are a lot of things in it  that, in fairness, I wish weren't in it. There are some pieces that I  look at and I say ``way over the top,'' but I have to acknowledge I  come from a State where infrastructure is just a little bit different.   We don't have a big public transit system, so I look at the transit  dollars, and my immediate jump is: Way too much. Don't need this.   But I recognize that in a collaborative process, in a negotiated  process, you have got to hear the views back and forth of all of your  colleagues, and you take some things and you leave some things behind  in a give-and-take process.   And so just as my colleagues have listened to me convey the urgency  of need for more support for the Tribal programs when it comes to  infrastructure, whether it is on water and sanitation or broadband,  they heard the urgency there; whether it was recognizing that not all  infrastructure projects are big in terms of their size, but they are  big for that small community; to know that the fishing community of  Craig is going to be able to build out that little harbor there.   And so I have asked my colleagues to listen to the concerns of a very  rural State like Alaska, a State where our infrastructure is very  unique, and they have had an open mind and a view towards not only  recognizing how unique Alaska is, but recognizing the unique needs of  rural America.   So we have a compromise product in front of us, and it is a  significant product, and we are now at a place where we want colleagues  to join us in this product, weigh in with your good ideas. Let's move  some good amendments. But I would suggest that the sooner we start  moving with these amendments, the better it will be for us and this  process here, but also for the American public.   I yield the floor.   