 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  We are here, Bronx boogie down caucus checking in, yerr caucus checking  in, student loan cancellation caucus checking in because this is  getting ridiculous. This is ridiculous.   I am 32 years old. I am a first-generation college graduate on my  mom's side, and growing up, I was told, since I was a child: Your  destiny is to go to college. That is what is going to lift our family  up and out. That is our future. That is what we are here to accomplish.    I was 17 years old when college recruiters started coming to my high  school saying: This is worth it.   We still do that today because it is teenagers signing up for what is  often hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt, and we just do that,  and our government allows that. We give 17-year-olds the ability to  sign on and sign up for $100,000 worth of debt, and we think that is  responsible policy.   I am 32 years old now. I have over $17,000 in student loan debt. I  didn't go to graduate school because I knew that getting another degree  would drown me in debt that I would never be able to surpass. This is  unacceptable.   Not only that, but 65 percent of all jobs in this country require an  education beyond high school; first-generation college students are two  times as likely to report being behind on student loan payments; and 63  percent of borrowers who made payments with Navient during the COVID  forbearance still owe more now than they originally borrowed. There are  hundreds of thousands of people in this country who owe more on their  student loans now than they did when they first took them out.   We as a country are profiting off of insurmountable and crushing  educational debt, and it is wrong. It is absolutely wrong. Four years  after graduation, 48 percent of Black students owe an average of 12.5  percent more than they originally borrowed.   But this isn't just an issue of a debt crisis. This is an educational  crisis in the United States of America. If we want to remain  competitive, if we want to remain innovative, and if we need the  technological investments necessary to address things like climate  change, we need an educated country.   The United States has a policy of actively disincentivizing higher  education. We disincentivize people from getting a college or secondary  education beyond high school. That is backward. The least we can do--we  have a moral obligation, an economic obligation, a political obligation  to cancel student loan debt in the United States of America.   We have seen the benefits that this has had during the forbearance  alone. It has given people the breathing room to do what they need to  do so we can stop writing these ridiculous articles that young people  are killing diamond rings, that they are not buying houses, and that  they are killing this industry or that, that we are not having  children. It is because we are being crushed by immoral debt.   No person should have to go into debt, crushing debt, in order to get  an education. It is wrong. It is backward, and it doesn't help us as a  country. So I am greatly looking forward to that. I am greatly looking  forward to the Biden administration canceling student loan debt and no  longer advancing the false narrative that student loan debt is for the  privileged.   What a ridiculous assertion. Do we really think that a billionaire's  child is taking student loans? Come on. Come on. If you are taking on  student loan debt, it is because you are likely a working or middle- class person.   So let's get real. Let's cancel it. It is in the interest of the  people. It is in the interest of this country. It is in the interest of  our future.   I thank the distinguished Representative from the Bronx and  Westchester, Jamaal Bowman, for yielding.    Will the gentleman yield?    And health insurance is too high.   