 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6074, an emergency  supplemental appropriations bill to fund the U.S. response to the  coronavirus.   When the news broke about this virus, the administration was able to  respond immediately with reserve funds the Committee on Appropriations  created for the Department of Health and Human Services and the U.S.  Agency for International Development. These funds were championed by  Republican leaders of our subcommittees and had broad bipartisan  support. It is my hope that the supplemental funding bill will receive  the same level of cooperation.   Madam Speaker, the bill before us today will allow the administration  to continue its efforts to address the virus, both at home and abroad.  Specifically, the bill includes funds for the development of broadly  available testing kits to diagnose those who may be infected, medicines  to minimize the symptoms of the disease, and vaccines to prevent its  spread.   An overwhelming majority of our drug ingredients, pharmaceuticals,  and medical devices are manufactured overseas. It is critical that we  increase domestic drug production, increase the safety of the medical  supply chain, and identify potential shortages.   That is why this bill also includes funds for the Food and Drug  Administration to further ensure the safety and security of all  Americans. The bill will also direct nearly $1 billion to State and  local public health agencies on the front lines protecting our  communities.   Finally, the bill protects American citizens abroad and helps prevent  further spread of coronavirus worldwide by providing just over $1  billion for the State Department and USAID.   The Trump administration, through a task force led by Vice President  Pence, is doing what is required to respond quickly to this ever- changing threat. We must give them the resources they need.   The health and safety of the American people is not, and never should  be, a political issue. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in voting  for the measure so that we can continue fighting this virus and  protecting our loved ones.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), the former chairman of the full committee and  the ranking member of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related  Programs Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Upton).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   