 Mr. President, it is Thursday afternoon, and it looks  like any other Thursday afternoon. There is no sense of urgency. The  leader, Senator McConnell, has sent folks on their way for the weekend,  and there is no agreement on the COVID-19 survival package, which is  what it really is for so many families.   We are in a situation where it is another week of not focusing on how  we get unemployment extension passed or how we deal with hungry  families or make sure people are going to have a roof over their head  or support our small businesses or our small family farms or our first  responders on the frontlines and others in cities and towns and in  States who are providing public services essential to us--people who  are in jobs who may lose their jobs if we can't get them the support  they need.   That is not happening. There are a few nominations--a couple of  nominations of judges. Let's put a few more ideologically extreme,  rightwing judges on the bench. No sense of urgency. We are here on a  Thursday as if it were just regular business.   Over 2 months ago, Senator McConnell said he felt no sense of urgency  to act on what the House passed, no sense of urgency at all. Over 2\1/ 2\ months ago, the House of Representatives passed a critical survival  package to continue to tackle the pandemic, including testing,  supporting our hospitals and nurses and doctors and communities on the  frontline who are trying to maintain, manage, and keep us safe--save  lives.   Senator McConnell said he felt no sense of urgency. He certainly has  demonstrated no sense of urgency since that time. He is not even in the  negotiations that are going on right now.   But this isn't a regular Thursday for folks in Michigan. No. This  isn't a regular Thursday, like ``Ho-hum, let's go home for the weekend  or longer.'' We have 1.8 million people on unemployment benefits. By  the way, we don't have 1.8 million jobs right now that they could get.  These aren't folks who just don't want to work. The jobs aren't there  because of what has happened with the pandemic and the necessary  closures and the challenges going on for businesses large and small.   We certainly want to support them to safely be able to reopen, but we  have 1.8 million people who, this week--this Friday, as opposed to last  Friday--this Friday, tomorrow, when they get help through unemployment,  it is going to be about a 60-percent cut--6-0, not 6--a 60-percent cut.  Their rent didn't go down 60 percent. Their food didn't go down 60  percent. Their utility bills didn't go down 60 percent. The other  things they need to take care of their families didn't go down 60  percent. But their income is going down 60 percent because there is no  sense of urgency in this Senate.   The Republican majority sees no sense of urgency. It is just another  Thursday afternoon. There is no sense of urgency to help people who are  trying to figure out what to do right now because everything collapsed  when the pandemic hit and their business closed or other challenges  took over so they are not able to work right now. What are they going  to do? It is not just another Thursday afternoon for them.   It is not just another Thursday afternoon for the single mom of two  kids in Michigan right now who, frankly, could very well be deciding  whether she eats tonight because it is so important that the children  eat. She can't do both, so she will go hungry one more time so the kids  can eat. We have a hunger emergency in this country right now. It is  not just another Thursday for those folks, although they have spent too  many Thursdays feeling hungry.   It is not just a Thursday for the person who, right now, is probably  in their car--maybe they have been there 2, 3, 4 hours--waiting in the  food bank line to get some groceries to take home. They used to donate  to the food bank, and now they are in a situation in which they have to  go to the food bank. They never thought in their wildest dreams that  would happen, yet it has. They feel a sense of urgency.   It is not just another Thursday afternoon in the Senate for them.  They feel a sense of urgency for today and tomorrow and Saturday and  Sunday and Monday and on into however long it is going to take to be  able to bring our colleagues together.   It would be humorous if it just weren't so outrageous to hear  colleagues talk about how we need to get something done when the House  of Representatives passed a bill 2\1/2\ month ago, the Heroes Act. It  came over here and has just been gathering dust on Senator McConnell's  desk.   We know that negotiation takes time. We know you always have to  compromise, and that should have started 2 months ago or a month ago,  not after somebody is losing 60 percent of their income trying to hold  it together for their family.   By the way, we tell people to go home--shelter at home--but their  rental protections go away, their mortgage protections go away, and you  put more people on the street. That makes a lot of sense in the middle  of a health pandemic when we want people to stay home   Every move that has happened in this Senate since the House acted has  been too little too late, and it is causing more and more devastating  consequences as a result of that.   I will tell you who doesn't think it is another Thursday, just a  normal Thursday afternoon, is 85-year-old retirees I know who are  trying to figure out how to get their medicine versus their groceries.  By the way, they haven't been out of their house in over 4 months. They  are trying to stay connected with their families but are terrified of  what is happening. Will what is happening right now be the rest of  their life? They certainly feel a sense of urgency for us to act.   The moms and dads who want their kids to go back to school safely and  are trying to figure it out are saying: Come on. This cannot be my  child's education versus their safety. It has to be both.   That is not exactly rocket science. It has to be both.   I am excited about the Tigers playing now--and their baseball  league--and I am excited about the NFL. But if those guys can get  tested every day, why can't our teachers? Where are the priorities  here? Do they feel a sense of urgency?   I can tell you that my son and daughter and their families and my  grandkids feel an incredible sense of urgency. They want to go back to  school to see their friends. They want to do it safely. They know it  has to be safe. It is not either-or. They feel a sense of urgency. They  would love this to be just another Thursday afternoon when we end the  week and everybody goes home. It is not that for them as they are  trying to figure out where they go for childcare or their school.   It certainly isn't just another regular day for the teachers trying  to figure out what to do. They went into teaching because they love  children. They want to teach. They also know they may have their own  preexisting conditions. They also have their own children at home. They  have to think about their own exposure and how they can be teaching,  which they want to do, but it has to be done safely because of all the  other issues in their lives as well.   I think about the small business owner. We have so many in Michigan.  We have the most incredible entrepreneurs in Michigan in every small  town as well as in big cities. There are people who poured their hearts  and souls and capital and second mortgage on the house and maxed out  their credit cards to have the small business they wanted. They are  certainly not happy it is just another Thursday afternoon ending the  week in the Senate. They are desperate to know how to keep their doors  open and the three employees on the payroll. We have done some good  work in a bipartisan way on that, which needs to continue.  [[Page S5253]]  Yet that small business person and the people I talk to in Michigan  feel an incredible sense of urgency.   I talk to our family farmers who work night and day, battling the  weather and low prices and chaotic trade policies. I have talked to  someone raising livestock who can't find a processor that they need  right now to make the food for hungry families. They certainly feel a  tremendous sense of urgency.   The reality is that there are millions of people across this country  who don't understand what is not happening here--why there is no sense  of urgency, why there hasn't been a willingness to come together. Why  didn't it happen 2\1/2\ months ago? What is going on? It appears that  too many people don't care.   This is the United States of America. We are one of the wealthiest  nations in the world. We invented the assembly line. We put our  footprints on the Moon. We are seeing what is happening today. We  should never have gotten to this point right now where people are  losing 60 percent of their income on unemployment benefits, are hungry  trying to feed their kids, worried about losing the roof over their  head or their small business or the family farm. We should never have  gotten to this point, but here we are.   It has been more than 80 days since the House passed the Heroes Act-- more than 80 days. Since that time, our essential workers, who deserve  hazard pay, have been waiting. Those providing public services in our  cities and towns and in States have been waiting for the support they  need so that they don't lose their job and we don't lose those public  services. Our businesses, our schools, our farmers all have been  waiting, waiting, waiting. The reality is it is because it is just  another Thursday--just another Thursday afternoon in the U.S. Senate.   Senator McConnell has made it very clear that they are just going to  have to wait some more. Right now, we should be voting on an important  survival package for people in our country. We should be investing  whatever it takes to manage and get our arms around this virus, do the  testing, provide the healthcare, remain laser focused on getting  vaccines. People should have confidence that everything humanly  possible is being done and that there is a sense of urgency here.   I feel a sense of urgency. My Democratic colleagues feel the sense of  urgency. Through the actions on this floor, we do not see that the  Senate Republican majority feels the sense of urgency that every single  person in Michigan feels right now.   We need to take action. People are tired of waiting. They can't  afford to wait any longer. This is about their lives and their  livelihoods. People need help. The Congress, working with the  President, needs to provide that help, and there is no excuse not to  act.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to thank both of my friends from  Oregon. We are Oregon strong on the floor. We have great, powerful,  effective Senators from Oregon, and I want to thank Senator Merkley for  his words, as well as my colleagues and friends from Delaware and New  Hampshire and Maryland.   We are on the floor today because we know this isn't just another  regular Thursday where you can close up for the week and go home and do  whatever is going to be done and then maybe come back Monday, maybe  Tuesday, maybe Wednesday. We don't know because we don't know what is  happening on negotiations. But, oh, well, there is no real sense of  urgency anyway, right?   There is an incredible sense of urgency, and, as we have been saying  this afternoon, this should not be treated like just another end of the  Senate week on a Thursday afternoon. We have the largest health  pandemic in a hundred years. As of today, it is about 160,000 deaths in  this country. You can't even wrap your head around that: 160,000  people. Yet we are a little over 4 percent of the world's population.  We have 25 percent of the deaths.   This did not have to happen. This should never have happened. It  should never have happened. And to be in a situation where people are  acting as if we have got all the time in the world--how many people  have to die before we wrap our arms around what is happening and have a  national strategy on testing and on contact tracing and a national  strategy to make sure we have all of the testing materials and the PPE  and everything that our doctors and nurses and other professionals need  and we are treating this with the seriousness that it deserves?   This is a health pandemic. We have to get our arms around this. We  have to be able to manage it until we can get vaccines. We did come  together and work together on a bipartisan basis in the beginning. That  is what is just so frustrating and disheartening and maddening about  this situation we are in now, as we go forward, because it is not done.   I wish it was, for my own family and everyone else's. It is not even  close to being done, and we have a responsibility to continue to be  there and to have people's backs to address the pandemic and all of the  economic hardship that has happened as a result of that.   Now, in the CARES package, it was comprehensive. It was great that we  were able to come together. One of the things was that the Treasury,  the Fed, was able to basically have the capacity to have a safety net  under the stock market, under our large businesses: Don't worry. Keep  investing. We have got a safety net for you.   But for somebody on unemployment, somebody who is worrying about  feeding their children tonight, tomorrow, the next day--somebody who is  worried that the water is going to get shut off or they are going to  lose their shelter right in the middle of a pandemic when we tell  people, ``stay home and, by the way, wash your hands frequently,'' and  then the water gets turned off or you have no shelter and you are on  the street or you can't feed the kids, or the additional money--the  $600 that was allowing you to pay those bills--goes away, which is  about a 60-percent cut, in Michigan, for people getting help--no safety  net for you. Unh-unh.   There are over 31 million people right now who are on unemployment  insurance, and somehow, people want to have us believe that nobody  wants to work, that there are over 31 million jobs out there and people  just don't want to take them; they just don't want to work.   I can tell you that is not true in Michigan. People in Michigan work.  We grow things. We make things. We innovate. We build things. People in  Michigan work and work hard.   It is not their fault that we have a 100-year health pandemic that  has pushed everybody back down and taken away the capacity for  businesses to be safely open and for people to continue their jobs.  People would expect that in the United States of America all of us  would care about that and that it wouldn't just be another Thursday  afternoon, closing up shop for the weekend or beyond.  [[Page S5260]]    There is one other thing I want to stress when we talk about  supporting communities right now. The President said: It is up to the  Governors to step up. It is up to local communities to step up to keep  people safe. No national response is necessary.   It is the Governors, the mayors, the county commissioners. They have  done that. They have done that. They took all of their resources to  make sure they could do everything humanly possible to make sure they  could help people be safe: Get the PPE, create a way for people to get  testing, do all of the other things to help people. Now, for the Senate  and for the President of the United States to say that we have no  responsibility to step up and have their back and support them is  incredibly irresponsible.   What I find so interesting--who are we talking about locally? We want  the restaurants to open. Yet you have to have a food inspector before  you can open the restaurant. In Michigan, that is funded through the  county--through county government.   We are concerned about first responders--police and fire and 9-1-1  call centers and all of the people who respond to keep us safe. Do you  know who the largest group is that will be losing their jobs without  help for local communities and States? It is the first responders and  law enforcement.   In fact, I had a very prominent police leader in Michigan tell me  that the only people he saw trying to defund the police were Donald  Trump and Mitch McConnell because they didn't and aren't--the Senate  Republicans aren't willing to step up to support funding for first  responders, as well as the public health department, as well as the  teachers, as well as everyone else involved.   These are not normal times. These are not normal times in terms of  the health risks for families. These are not normal times in terms of  our economy and what is happening--not even to count the fact that  racial disparities are on full display now in front of us in every part  of our economy and services.   This is not a normal time. This should not be a normal Thursday  afternoon in the U.S. Senate. Every single one of my Democratic  colleagues feels a sense of urgency and panic about what is happening.  People need help. There are incredible hardships, and they deserve that  help.   The U.S. House of Representatives passed help over 2\1/2\ months ago.  Senator McConnell at the time said that he felt no sense of urgency. In  fact, he suggested that States and cities go bankrupt. That is one way  to do it: Lay off all the police officers, firefighters, food  inspectors, teachers.   People in our country--and I know people in Michigan--feel an  incredible sense of urgency to both manage and get beyond this  healthcare pandemic, which is not going to be easy. It is going to take  all of us working together. But they are anxious to do that, and they  are anxious to open up the economy safely and to open up our schools  safely and to know that there is some sense of normalcy that we can  count on again.   That is going to take all of us working together on a bipartisan  basis to get it done. It is going to take a sense of urgency, a sense  of responsibility for the role that we play at this moment in time in  the history of our country and people's lives. It is going to take a  lot of hard work. It is going to take political will more than anything  else because the other things we can do. We have to decide we to want  to do them.   I hope very, very soon that Senator McConnell, our Senate Republican  colleagues, the President and the White House decide that they want to  work with us to really get things done for people all across our  country.   I yield the floor.   