 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North  Carolina for her leadership.   Let me make a proclamation here on the floor of the House, that when  you have the responsibility of governing, you govern.   The President of the United States, President Biden, who believes in  transformational government, the House and the Senate, the House under  the leadership of Speaker Pelosi, the Senate under the leadership of  Chuck Schumer. You govern. Today, we are making an enforced, pointed,  and open statement about governing.   Let me quickly start with the NDAA, the vehicle that helps the men  and  [[Page H4570]]  women who put on the uniform unselfishly on our behalf. I am excited  about the increase in quality-of-life dollars, the raise in personnel  salaries, the concern about families. I am increasingly excited about  cyber protection, and as well that we ask the hard questions about  Afghanistan and how we will not see the return of such. But we are not  afraid to govern by asking those questions so that we can move forward.   I am also excited about recognizing that the quality-of-life issues  for our members in the military are important. The Jackson Lee  amendments emphasize those points:   $10 million to fight triple-negative breast cancer impacting our  women in the United States military, particularly women of color.   $2.5 million in PTSD. I have heard many times we give to PTSD, but it  keeps growing and growing, and there are those in our constituency, our  constituents who need these ongoing services. I have been working on  this for a long time.   To recognize that we must treat our men and women that go into the  United States military academies fairly. Does anyone know that they  admit people with speech disorders? Good for them. But when they  graduate, they are not given a command. My amendment, that I hope to  become law, will determine that you analyze all of your military  students to make sure they have a command when they graduate.   I am most excited about one that I will talk about quickly later.   And then, of course, we have done so much great work with the  momnibus to look at maternal mortality rates for military members  traveling around the world.   Space debris, to determine how we can remediate the risks and outline  plans to reduce the incidence of space debris.   To be able to ensure that we stop students from being recruited when  they go overseas to be engaged in spy operations. That happens. And we  are glad to have that, as well as to begin looking at renaming some of  these bases after historic African Americans.   Let me quickly say that amendment No. 194 should be one that we all  come together on, tracing the history of the service of African  Americans in the United States military, particularly in slavery, to  recognize that they can be a vital legacy to the United States.    Mr. Speaker, I will talk further about that as we  move into the NDAA, but let me talk about my original premise of  governing.   The continuing appropriations is crucial, and I support the lifting  of the debt ceiling not to spend money, but--when you have  responsibility to govern, you govern--to pay our bills. Does anyone  want to suggest that we should not?   I am looking for a few good men and women on the other side of the  aisle that will stand with us as Americans and be responsible to our  fellow Americans, governing, so that we can ensure we have a  supplemental food program and other aspects of it, but we have to  govern.   More response to COVID-19.   And finally, it is important to give women back their rights. Roe v.  Wade is the law of the land, and we are going to pass that legislation  along with my anti-stalking and vigilante bill because people are  suffering with the Texas law. It has no place in society. It is a  violation of the Constitution of the United States, and it should be  quashed, with the Roe v. Wade codification. I ask the other body to  support us in that. I ask everyone to support the underlying bills.    Mr. Speaker, the House, led by the Democratic  majority, did its job, passing 10 of the 12 appropriations bills  earlier this year, but Senate Republicans failed to hold a single  markup of appropriations bills, making it necessary to pass this  Continuing Resolution to avert a shutdown that would only further  damage our economy.   Throughout the 117th Congress, House Democrats have worked to deliver  results for the American people, passing legislation to address each  pillar of the ``For The People'' agenda: lower health care costs,  higher wages by rebuilding America, and cleaning up corruption and  strengthening our Democracy.   And under the leadership of Speaker Pelosi, the House has passed  hundreds of bills, including legislation to crush the COVID-19  pandemic, build our economy back better, lower health care and  prescription drug prices, raise wages, advance economic and retirement  security, end gun violence, act on the climate crisis, protect  Dreamers, and strengthen voting rights.   Mr. Speaker, let me briefly list several of the programs vital to  Americans that are protected or extended by H.R. 5305.   Section 101. Same Terms and Conditions for Continuing Appropriations  as FY 2020.   Section 101 states that appropriations are under the same terms and  conditions, including relevant authorities and prohibitions, as the  fiscal year 2021 appropriations bills.   Section 106. End Date of CR.   Section 106 provides that the CR ends at the earlier of the enactment  of a full-year appropriations bill or December 3, 2021.  [[Page H4593]]    Section 112. Restrictions on Furloughs or Termination of Employees.   Section 112 restricts furloughs or termination of employees due to  lack of funds during the duration of a CR.   Section 113. Waiver Language for Intelligence Programs.   Section 113 provides waiver language for certain intelligence  programs as well as agencies that operate under the State Department  Basic Authorities Act and Foreign Relations Authorization Act.   Section 118. Commodity Supplemental Food Program.   Section 118 allows the Food and Nutrition Service to spend at a  higher rate during the CR to provide supplemental USDA foods to low- income seniors (age 60 and over) and to some low-income women, infants  and children up to age six.   Section 127. Increased Flexibility for White House COVID Response.   Section 127 allows a higher spending rate for the White House to  support continuing COVID19 operations.   Section 129. Increased Flexibility to Process Certain SBA Business  Loans.   Section 129 allows the Small Business Administration flexibility to  spend at the rate necessary to accommodate potential demand increases  for commitments for business loans through the 7(a) and 504 business  loans, for the Secondary Market Guarantee Program, and for the Small  Business Investment Company (SBIC) program.   Section 130. Extension for District of Columbia Voucher School  Accreditation.   Section 130 allows District of Columbia voucher schools an additional  year to be accredited and therefore remain in the program. The  accrediting process requires in-school visits, which are not happening  during the coronavirus.   Section 131. District of Columbia Local Funds   Section 131 allows the District of Columbia to spend FY 2021 funds  received from local tax revenues and other non-Federal sources in the  amount and for the programs and activities provided in DC's FY 2021  Budget Act.   Section 132. Extension of Certain Bankruptcy Judgeships.   Section 132 extends the term of certain bankruptcy judgeships.   Section 134. Disaster Relief Fund (DRF).   Section 134 allows the Federal Emergency Management Agency to access  the entire DRF appropriation for fiscal year 2021 under the continuing  resolution as necessary to respond to declared disasters.   Section 135. National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP).   Section 135 continues the authorization for the NFIP through December  3, 2021.   Section 148. Maintaining Funding for the TANF and Child Care  Entitlement to States Programs.   Section 148 extends funding for the Temporary Assistance for Needy  Families program and the Child Care Entitlement to States program  during the period of the continuing resolution. The extension will  allow HHS to make first-quarter payments to States.   Section 152. Extending Availability of Funding for NIH multiyear  research grants.   Section 152 extends the availability of funding for multiyear  research grants supported by the National Institutes of Health that  were interrupted in fiscal year 2020 by COVID-19 and would have expired  at the end of the fiscal year.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased and strongly support the inclusion of  Divisions B and C in the legislation before us.   Division B provides emergency supplemental appropriations in the  amount of $28.6 billion to address the rising cost of climate change:  recent natural disasters, including Hurricanes Ida, Delta, Zeta, and  Laura, wildfires, severe droughts and winter storms, and other natural  and major disasters declared in 2021 and prior years.   This funding will help working families, small businesses, and  communities get back on their feet and rebuild, while repairing damage  to federal facilities.   Division C provides $6.3 billion in supplemental appropriations to  support Afghan evacuees includes funding to temporarily house evacuees  at American facilities and in foreign countries, provide necessary  security screenings, and ultimately resettle eligible evacuees in the  United States.   The legislation also includes funding to provide humanitarian I  assistance for Afghan refugees in neighboring countries.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, as another example of the extraordinary and  responsible leadership of Speaker Pelosi and Appropriations Committee  Chair DeLauro, the legislation checkmates the announced Republican  intention to vote against raising the debt and to have the federal  government default on its obligations by extending the public debt  limit through December 16, 2021.   Mr. Speaker, American families do not get to choose which bills to  pay and which ones to ignore; neither can the United States Congress  without putting the nation into default for the first time in its  history.   Long ago, in 1789, Alexander Hamilton, the nation's first and  greatest Treasury Secretary, understood that the path to American  prosperity and greatness lay in its creditworthiness which provided the  affordable access to capital needed to fund internal improvements and  economic growth.   The nation's creditworthiness was one of its most important national  assets and according to Hamilton: ``the proper funding of the present  debt, will render it a national blessing.''   But to maintain this blessing, or to ``render public credit  immortal,'' Hamilton understood that it was necessary that: ``the  creation of debt should always be accompanied with the means of  extinguishment.''   In other words, to retain and enjoy the prosperity that flows from  good credit, it is necessary for a nation to pay its bills.   To preserve the sanctity of the full faith and credit of the United  States, protect American jobs and businesses of all sizes, and ensure  the continued growth of the economy, I strongly support the provision  in the bill before extending the public debt limit to December 16,  2021.   I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me,  in voting for H.R. 5305, the ``Extending Government Funding and  Delivering Emergency Assistance Act.''   Mr. Speaker, I also offer my strong support of the Rule governing  debate of H.R. 3755, the Women's Health Protection Act (''WHPA''),  which would enshrine access to reproductive health care into law for  all women across America.   The refusal of the conservative majority on the U.S. Supreme Court to  halt implementation of the odious and offensive Texas S.B. 8, the  threat of other state attacks on the constitutional right to  reproductive choice recognized in Roe v. Wade, and decades of precedent  have together mandated that the House act to protect women's  reproductive rights.   