 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise to support passage of the continuing  resolution, but I am frustrated that we find ourselves here yet again.   Yet again, the Democratic House did its job. We passed our bills to  fund most Federal agencies in July. It is now September. The end of the  fiscal year is in 8 days, but Leader McConnell and the Republican  Senate have not moved a single one of the 12 appropriations bills that  we are supposed to pass every year.   As an Appropriations subcommittee chair, I feel compelled to call out  this gross dereliction of duty. A CR is obviously not ideal. But the  bill before us  [[Page H4703]]  today keeps government functioning and includes fixes to facilitate  coronavirus relief, which we should have done completely separately and  more significantly.   The bill allows the Small Business Administration to continue to  process disaster loans, which are a lifeline for many struggling small  businesses. It allows FEMA access to fiscal year 2021 funding for the  Disaster Relief Fund, to allow them to respond to emergencies and  natural disasters.   I am particularly proud that we increase funding for the Veterans  Electronic Health Record Modernization to support the increased number  of deployments of the modernized system at planned sites going into  fiscal year 2021, ensuring the 10-year modernization remains  on schedule and on budget.    Notably, the bill also includes legislation to prevent USCIS  employees from being furloughed and allow the agency to continue doing  its job: adjudicating applications for work visas, asylum, and  citizenship, even if that job has been greatly hindered by Trump and  his enablers. The bill also includes reporting requirements to ensure  accountability.   Democrats also worked hard all day today in order to secure $8  billion in vital funding for nutrition assistance. It is absurd that we  even had to fight to get Republicans to agree to an expansion of free  meals for food-insecure children, but here we are.   Madam Speaker, finally, let's be clear. The fact that we are passing  a CR without having already passed an additional COVID stimulus bill  represents cruelty and gross incompetence of the highest order.   In May, the House passed the HEROES Act. We did our job. We need to  keep the government open, but we also need additional COVID relief for  the American people.   