 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 891, I call  up the bill (H.R. 2486) to reauthorize mandatory funding programs for  historically Black colleges and universities and other minority-serving  institutions, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its  immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and insert extraneous material on H.R. 2486.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to bring forward the No BAN Act  amendment, and I thank Congresswoman Chu for her leadership on this  bill.   In January 2017, President Trump issued the first Muslim ban, a  xenophobic policy that has inflicted irreparable harm on Muslims here  at home and around the world, a policy that says to Muslims that they  are not to be trusted. This is hurtful, harmful to our global  relationships, and deeply untrue.   When the ban was implemented, I rushed to the Seattle airport along  with Chairman Nadler in New York City. We joined thousands of people in  protest. Thanks to these efforts, we successfully secured the release  in Seattle of two individuals. But the chaos and the pain that the ban  cast upon American citizens, lawful residents, and international  visitors can never truly be undone.   Today, new iterations of the Muslim ban and the most recent African  ban have kept families separated; American businesses and research  institutions can't recruit the best minds from abroad; and our Nation's  doors are closed to people seeking safety from violence, war, and  persecution.   The bans have hurt our relationships with other countries, harmed  refugees, isolated us from our allies, and given extremists propaganda  for recruitment. Most important, they do not make our country safer.   And let's be clear: A pandemic is not the time to push forward these  xenophobic bans.   Citizens from Muslim-majority nations made up 4.5 percent of the U.S.  physician workforce in 2019; and yet, between 2016 and 2018, the number  of applicants to the Educational Commission for Foreign Medical  Graduates from Muslim-majority countries decreased by 15 percent, a  decrease that exacerbates existing gaps in the U.S. physician workforce  which is so desperately needed in a time of COVID-19.   It is time to pass the No BAN Act to repeal President Trump's bans  and stop any future President from implementing discriminatory bans  that send the repugnant message that our foundational values of freedom  of religion and liberty and justice for all do not apply.   Today is historic, as the No BAN Act is the first bill to pass the  House that directly addresses Muslim civil rights. And we would not be  here today without the courage of Muslims and allies across the  country, especially the very important people at Muslim Advocates who  work to repudiate the Muslim ban and move Congress to action.   This bill sends an important message to Muslims everywhere that  America believes in liberty and welcomes people regardless of race or  religion.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous  consent that the gentleman from New York (Mr. Nadler) control the  remainder of that time.  [[Page H3629]]     Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the  Committee on the Judiciary for his tremendous work and leadership on  bringing these important issues to the floor.   I am very proud that the House is considering my bill today, the  Access to Counsel Act, H.R. 5581. It is a commonsense measure that  would ensure that U.S. citizens, green card holders, and other people  with legal status are able to consult with an attorney when Customs and  Border Protection detains them for over an hour.   I introduced this bill, Madam Speaker, as my first bill when I got to  Congress, and it was in the wake of the Muslim ban. It was in the wake  of that chaos that was unleashed at airports across the country as  people from seven Muslim-majority countries found themselves detained  for hours, in some cases pressured to sign papers giving up their legal  status, and in many cases deported.   More often than not, these people did not even have the opportunity  to see an attorney or even call anyone. They did not even have the  opportunity to use the restrooms or to get water and food.   Since then, however, Madam Speaker--it isn't just that moment--there  have been numerous cases of students detained for long periods at  airports and sent back, despite holding valid visas secured after  undergoing rigorous vetting by the State Department. One student was  detained and deported in spite of a court order saying that he should  be allowed to stay until a court could review his case.   And earlier this year, we saw no less than 200 people of Iranian  American descent detained at the northern border in Blaine, Washington,  for up to 12 hours with no access to counsel. These lengthy detentions  occurred while CBP repeatedly denied that Iranian Americans were being  targeted for different treatment.   Many of the people impacted were U.S. citizens, as well as elderly  people and children. Some had even undergone extra vetting to  participate in a program designed for trusted travelers at the northern  border.   A month later, CBP Acting Commissioner Mark Morgan said that border  officials ``got a little overzealous in their actions,'' but the  damage, Madam Speaker, had already been done. There were children of  U.S. citizens--they themselves U.S. citizens--who watched their parents  be detained and treated in a way that no American citizen should go  through. No person should go through that type of indignity and  disrespect.   If my bill were enacted into law, it would ensure that any time CBP  detains people with lawful status, then those individuals would simply  have the right to call a lawyer and receive assistance. It does not  stop CBP from doing its job; it does not create a right to counsel for  everyone. This is just a simple phone call to their attorney.   So I would like to thank those who bravely came forward to share  their stories, to make clear the Access to Counsel Act is desperately  needed, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Madam Speaker, I just wanted to quote directly from  section 2 of my bill: ``The Secretary of Homeland Security shall  provide the covered individual a meaningful opportunity to consult with  counsel and an interested party not later than one hour after the  secondary inspection process commences and as necessary throughout the  inspection process, including, as applicable, during deferred  inspection.''   So again, this could be a phone call. ``Meaningful access'' is a  broad term and it takes into account my colleague from the other side's  concerns.   