 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R.  3233, the National Commission to Investigate the January 6 Attack on  the United States Capitol Complex Act.   Just four months ago, the nation stood still as the Capitol of the  United States--the very beacon of our democracy--was attacked by a  violent and armed mob of insurrectionists. Seeking to interrupt, even  prevent, the proceedings to certify the result of the 2020 General  Election, these insurrectionists descended upon our capital city  inspired by the rhetoric of former President Donald Trump and leaders  in the Republican party. What then transpired on January 6 will be  recorded as one of the darkest days in the history of our nation and of  democracies everywhere.   The halls of the Capitol remain littered with remnants of the attack.  Shattered glass panes, broken furniture, and missing statues now define  the building--none of which compare to the trauma and fear still  lingering in the minds of Members, aides, press, and support staff  alike. Three officers of the U.S. Capitol Police Force lost their  lives, and hundreds more were injured during the hours-long siege.   That is why the establishment of this bipartisan commission is  necessary, Mr. Speaker. Composed of both Republicans and Democrats, it  would explore the events that led to the attack, the security failures  at the Capitol complex, and the corrective measures necessary to  prevent it from ever happening again. Members of the commission would  be experts in the fields of law, security, and intelligence. They would  be thorough in their investigation, wide in their scope, and united in  their mission to uncover the truth.   Those who oppose the commission as part of an effort to write off  what happened, or to simply ``move on,'' clearly don't understand what  is at stake. The same hatred that drove the insurrectionists that day  is still alive and well--even present here in this body. If we fail to  address, review, and reflect on what happened on January 6th, I fear  that this hatred will go unpunished, and therefore remain prevalent in  our society and in the Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the swift passage of the legislation and hope for  its immediate consideration in the Senate.   