 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise to offer a very simple amendment that I am hopeful will  assuage the concerns of my friend and colleague, Ms. Foxx, regarding  privacy issues. This amendment very simply clarifies a provision in the  PRO Act that deals with the list of voters that employers are to  provide to a union before an election. My amendment provides that the  requirements surrounding this list of voters shall not affect employee  privacy.   For more than 60 years, the NLRB has required employers to provide a  list of names and home addresses of employees who are part of a  potential bargaining unit and who will vote in a union election. This  list has never conscripted workers into a union against their will, and  workers are still free to vote in favor of unionization or against it.  Rather, this procedure is designed to create a modicum of fairness  during a union election because employers already have this information  to reach their employees, whereas unions otherwise would not. It just  puts the employer and the union on equal footing in the lead-up to an  election.   In 2014, the NLRB updated what had to be included in that list,  requiring employers also to include job classifications, telephone and  cell phone numbers, and email contact information that was in the  employer's possession. The PRO Act simply codifies that 2014 election  rule.   According to information the NLRB provided to the Education and Labor  Committee in 2018, no person has ever charged a union with abusing the  voter information list since the new 2014 election rule took effect.  Even the Republican NLRB in December 2019 kept the voting list  requirement as it overhauled other union representation procedures.   My amendment removes any ambiguity in the PRO Act by making it clear  that nothing in the bill will be permitted to affect employee privacy.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The argument of my friend and colleague is all well and good, but I  am happy to report that current law already prohibits unions from  engaging in harassment and coercion. The PRO Act doesn't change that.  The PRO Act simply codifies the 2014 election rule and the NLRB rules  about what had to be included in the list.   Harassment and coercion are prohibited today, will be prohibited  tomorrow, and would still be prohibited if the PRO Act bill makes its  way to the President's desk for signature.   The truth is that this list is already narrowly designed to be used  solely for union organizing campaigns before an election, and no union  has ever been charged with using this list for any improper purpose or  in violation of employee privacy.   If my friend's fears of coercion or intimidation were legitimate, we  would see labor charges against unions, but that hasn't happened  because the fear is unfounded.   My amendment merely memorializes and protects employees by clarifying  that nothing in the PRO Act will affect employee privacy.   I am proud to support workers' privacy and their right to organize.   I am proud of the PRO Act, a bill that recognizes that union  participation is the fabric of our middle class; a bill that recognizes  that strong union membership increases productivity, reduces turnover,  and gives the middle class more purchasing power; a bill that  recognizes that while union membership is at an all-time low, it is not  the result of union apathy, and that 62 percent of workers want to  unionize but cannot because workers are not on equal footing with  management; a bill that ends unfair union election practices like  employer-mandated captive audience speeches because the freedom to  associate or not associate should also include the freedom not to  listen.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment and the underlying bill, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   