 Madam Speaker, let me thank Chairman Scott for  his tremendous leadership in putting forth this legislation. But also,  just for his staying very vigilant as it relates to the issues of Black  and Brown students in our country, and the power that we need to push  back against systemic racism and really what it is, is creeping school  segregation.   Madam Speaker, I rise in total support of H.R. 2574, the Equity and  Inclusion Enforcement Act.   Just a little bit of history of myself. I was born and raised in El  Paso, Texas, and schools were segregated when I started school. My  family fought with the NAACP, and I believe El Paso was the first city  in Texas to desegregate public schools.   Fast forward, my mother, Mildred Parish Massey, she was one of the  first 12 students to integrate into the University of Texas at El Paso.  I know from personal experience the struggles and the fights that all  of us mounted just so we could have access to public education.   And now, fast forward to 2020, segregation in our Nation's schools is  growing.   We have turned the clock back immeasurably. It can no longer be  ignored. Over the last three decades, African-American students have  increasingly found themselves in intensely segregated schools, and we  knew unraveling segregation in schools was going to be a long struggle.  This segregation, though, is a product of a number of factors,  including housing segregation, economic inequality, all tied to  structural racism in our country.   But while structural racism pervades so many elements of our society,  it is really especially appalling in education, because we know that  integrated schools help reduce racial prejudice and tension over the  years.   Public education is supposed to be the great leveler in our society.  Schools are supposed to be the pathway where hard work and knowledge  provide new pathways of opportunity. Instead, this growing segregation  fuels the perpetual worsening systemic racial and ethnic wealth gap  that exists in our Nation. It robs students of their future, and it  makes a mockery, really, of the values of opportunity and the hard work  that we hold dear.   And what I think many of us weren't prepared for was the idea that we  were going to have to fight tooth and nail now, which was a battle we  fought in the 1950s and 1960s. We are fighting those battles again to  make our own Federal Department of Education take this issue seriously.  My God.   Madam Speaker, for three-and-a-half years, from my seat on the  Committee on Appropriations, I have asked Secretary DeVos over and over  and over again to take this issue seriously. But after years of  dissembling and delay from the Secretary, I have begun to question her  commitment to ensuring the rights of equal education for kids in  America--that includes Black and Brown kids. And I asked her, does she  really care about the civil rights of these young people?  [[Page H4442]]    And it is really the refusal by Secretary DeVos to acknowledge the  clear evidence of increasing segregation. This is part of the reason  why this bill is so important, and we need to act today.   The Equity and Inclusion Enforcement Act is one piece of the puzzle  to start pushing back on segregation in schools. It allows parents of  children most adversely affected by this growing racial and ethnic  segregation to pursue legal action against a local jurisdiction to fix  the problem.   Without a private right of action, students of color face countless  forms of irreparable damage without any remedy that they can use to  seek justice.   The bill would further provide that education programs that receive  Federal financial assistance must designate at least one compliance  coordinator to focus on reducing segregation and investigate  complaints.   And so if we truly want to turn the corner, turn the corner on the  legacy of school segregation and unequal opportunity, we have a  responsibility to put power back into the hands of parents and students  to fight injustice and claim their right to a quality public education.   Madam Speaker, I hope my colleagues will vote for H.R. 2574, and I  thank the chairman for bringing forth this very important bill. I am so  sorry that we have to do this once again.   