 Madam President, I rise today in strong support of the  historic nomination of Deb Haaland to serve as Secretary of the  Interior. When Representative Haaland appeared before the Senate for  her confirmation hearing, she opened by saying: ``My story is unique.''   Haaland is a 35th-generation New Mexican, an enrolled member of the  Laguna Pueblo, and will be the first-ever Native American to serve as a  Cabinet Secretary.   National Congress of the American Indians President Fawn Sharp noted  that it is fitting that as we celebrate Women's History Month, Deb  Haaland is poised to make it. Her nomination is a historic choice and a  moment of deep meaning to Tribal nations and indigenous people across  the country who have seen over and over again the Federal Government  fail to keep its promises to Native people, promises made in law and  treaty.   It is clear to me that we need Representative Haaland's strong voice  of stewardship for our public resources, cultural resources, and public  lands, for action on the climate crisis, and for making sure that the  Federal Government lives up to its treaty and trust responsibilities  for Tribal nations and their citizens.   Representative Haaland's background and her life experiences make her  perfect for this job. As Haaland said during her confirmation hearings,  ``If an Indigenous woman from humble beginnings can be confirmed as  Secretary of the Interior, our country holds promise for everyone.''   The Interior Department includes the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which  manages the Federal Government's relationship with American Indian,  Alaska Native, and Native Hawaiian communities. Indigenous leaders  across the country have expressed broad, bipartisan support for  Representative Haaland's nomination because they know that she will  bring a personal commitment to lifting up Native voices and addressing  deep inequities and longstanding funding challenges on Tribal lands.   The Department is also responsible for public lands, energy  resources, and wildlife conservation, and so it requires a leader who  understands the cultural and economic value of these resources and the  importance of conserving them. Representative Haaland grew up with a  deep affinity for public lands, for responsible land use, and for  hunting and fishing. In fact, her family on her father's side is from  Minnesota, where she tells me she learned a lot about the joys of  walleye fishing.   In the House, Representative Haaland served as the chair of the  Subcommittee on National Parks, Forests, and Public Lands, and she has  earned the support of hundreds of groups working on climate change,  conservation, and public lands management.   Representative Haaland has been a champion for the tragic crisis of  missing and murdered indigenous women.   Here we have a strong, capable, competent leader ready to serve our  country as the first Native woman to lead the Interior Department.  Colleagues, I can't help asking here during Women's History Month, why  is it that almost 2 months after President Biden's inauguration,  Representative Haaland is one of the last three core Cabinet members to  be confirmed in the Senate?   Why is it that she has faced such ferocious opposition from some  Republicans?   Colleagues, over the last 3 months, Representative Haaland has been  called ``extreme'' and ``radical.''   One Republican Senator I serve with on the Indian Affairs Committee  labeled Haaland a ``hardline ideologue with radical views''--this from  a person who spent months promoting the false and widely debunked  conspiracy theories about voter fraud in our election. Another  Republican Senator called Representative Haaland a ``socialist, left- of-Lenin whack job''--though, later, he said he merely meant to call  her an ``extremist.''   In the House, a Member of my own Minnesota congressional delegation  orchestrated a hit campaign on Representative Haaland by attacking her  position on natural resources management and boundary waters.  Strangely, this same Member happily supported Secretary Vilsack's  confirmation even though he holds exactly the same positions.   As our former colleagues Tom Udall and Mark Udall said in an op-ed in  USA Today, it is hard to imagine that either of them, had they been  nominated to lead Interior, would have faced the same attacks for  radical ideas.   I just find it difficult to take these Republican attacks at face  value. My colleagues should know that Representative Haaland was named  the most bipartisan House freshman in the last Congress. If that is  what a hardline ideologue looks like, maybe we should all aspire to be  the role model that Deb Haaland provides.   Colleagues, I think we need to be honest with ourselves about what is  going on here. Once again, a woman--  [[Page S1519]]  and a woman of color--is being held to a different standard, and we  need to name it. We have to come to grips with the reality that, time  after time, strong women, especially women of color, are attacked when  White men with the same views are welcome to walk right through that  door, unopposed.   At their worst, these efforts--these attempts--to portray  Representative Haaland as extreme and unqualified show how much work we  still have to do to reckon with our country's history of disparaging,  disrespecting, and erasing Native people and how this tragic history  has been reflected in the biases on exhibit during Representative  Haaland's confirmation. This is clear when we see how few Republicans  could even acknowledge the historic nature of Representative Haaland's  nomination, choosing, instead, to focus on hostile questions about her  tweets and whether she understands the law.   Now, sadly, these attacks that Representative Haaland has been  subjected to are not unique. We have seen this dance play out time and  again with Biden-Harris nominees, especially with women of color.  Excellent nominees, like Secretary Vilsack and Secretary Buttigieg,  faced relatively tame confirmation processes. The vast majority of  questions were about policy goals and their experience. No Senator  referred to these nominees as ``extremists'' or ``radicals.''   Yet how did the women of color fare?   In the Banking Committee, my Republican colleagues grilled Secretary  Fudge, our new Secretary of Housing and Urban Development--and a Black  woman--about her intemperate comments on race. This was less than 3  weeks after our former President incited an insurrection of White  supremacists, among others, and faced essentially no consequence from  his own party. Neera Tanden was forced to withdraw her nomination to  lead the Office of Management and Budget after some declared that her  Twitter account was too divisive.   Well, if we had only known that mean tweets could disqualify you from  public office, we could have saved ourselves 4 years of division and  chaos and two impeachment trials after a torrent of inflammatory and  hateful rhetoric from the former Twitter account of our former  President, which most of my Republican colleagues said they tried to  ignore or just hadn't read. Strong opinions from strong women of color  are deemed unacceptable and cause for disqualification. I am just not  buying it.   In my first floor speech in this Chamber, I said that, when you  really listen to women, you begin to understand all the ways in which  women are made less and are denied opportunities to contribute to their  communities and to their country.   So I urge my colleagues: Don't let this be one of those times. Let's  not silence these women and deny them opportunities to lead because we  are uncomfortable with their power.   During Representative Haaland's confirmation process, I started to  get text messages from women friends, especially from Native women, who  were horrified by the yelling and the condescending questions that were  directed her way. We were proud of how she responded--with grace and  with dignity--and we all knew how it felt.   I would bet that every woman in this Chamber knows what it feels like  when this happens. A man talks down to you. He uses his power to  explain something that you already know and signals in a hundred  different ways that you don't belong in the room where it happens.  Well, for a long time, women have found ways to respond to these  affronts with grace as did Representative Haaland, Marcia Fudge, Vanita  Gupta, and Neera Tanden.   When I was a young woman, my mother was a very strong woman herself.  She used to advise me to just ignore these folks and go about my  business. Even today, as I worked on this floor speech, I wondered: Am  I going to offend anybody? Am I going to sound too shrill? I bet there  is not a man in this room who has ever worried about sounding too  shrill.   So, colleagues, tonight, we will vote on Representative Deb Haaland's  confirmation to Secretary of the Interior, and we will all have a  chance to restore dedicated, capable, passionate leadership to this  important Department.   The choice to confirm Representative Haaland is, indeed, historic,  but it is not an abstract opportunity. As Secretary, Representative  Haaland will play a consequential role in combating climate change. She  will also honor Tribal sovereignty and strengthen the government's  relationship between the United States and Tribal nations. Maybe, just  maybe, her leadership will help us see the strength of Native women and  of all women and to not be threatened by that. Our country will be the  better for it. I urge my colleagues to support the confirmation of Deb  Haaland for Secretary of the Interior   I yield the floor.   