 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  2639, the Strength in Diversity Act. This landmark legislation would  allow our students to learn in an environment that is representative of  America, rather than being in a bubble with other students who look  like them or share the same backgrounds and experiences.   66 years ago, the Supreme Court opened the door to school integration  with their ruling in Brown vs. Board of Education. Soon after, schools  in my home state of Texas and other states across the south started the  process of integrating Black and White students so that one day there  would be a level playing field for students in the classroom.   However, since that period, we have slowly seen a creeping effect  where students have been divided into bubbles based strictly on the  neighborhoods where they live. Opposition to bussing, white flight to  the suburbs, and lingering systematic racism have all contributed to  the alarming situation we find ourselves in today as a country.   A GAO report published in 2016 found that 61 percent of all high- poverty schools served majority Black and Hispanic students. This  separation by racial and socioeconomic lines prevents students in our  poorest neighborhoods from getting the same educational outcomes as  those in wealthier ones. Studies have shown that more diverse schools  lead to better grades and test results, higher rates of college  attendance, and lower dropout rates for students.   This bill helps to stem the tide and reverse the wrongs of the past  few decades by authorizing federal funding to provide grants to school  districts across the country to promote racial and socioeconomic  diversity. Specifically, this additional funding could be used by  school districts to study the impact of segregation in their schools,  create innovative programs like magnet schools to attract students from  outside the local community, and to train, hire, and retain high  quality teachers to support these diversified schools.   Mr. Speaker, North Texas is blessed to have such a diversified  community; however, I have seen how some neighborhoods in my district  have had better educational outcomes for students than others. It's  time that we level the playing field and give every student an  opportunity at success. I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation.   