 Madam President, I come to the floor today to urge the  Senate to address the threat the coronavirus poses to our elections and  to take immediate action to pass my legislation to ensure voters do not  have to choose between their right to vote and their own health.   Today is Election Day in Kentucky and in New York and in Virginia.  There are runoff elections in North Carolina and in Mississippi, as  well. As we speak, voters in the States are experiencing what it is to  vote in the middle of a global pandemic. If the past few months are any  indication, for many, casting a ballot today will not be safe, and it  will not be easy. The coronavirus has caused unprecedented disruptions  in the daily lives of Americans.   In order to protect voters and poll workers, this pandemic has forced  us to make changes to how we vote. Sixteen States postponed their  Presidential primaries or have transitioned their primaries to almost  entirely voting by mail. We have seen Democratic and Republican  Governors across the country issue waivers allowing all voters to cast  their ballots by mail during the pandemic. This includes States like  New Hampshire, with a Republican Governor, and States like Ohio, where  they have a Republican Governor who is focused on vote by mail, and  States like Maryland, where the Governor has been devoted to vote by  mail, and States like Missouri.   While it is important that individual States are taking action to  protect voters during this pandemic, we must remember that, in the end,  this is a national pandemic. It is not just a pandemic in Vermont or in  Utah; it is national.   It is the responsibility of this Nation, of this Nation's government,  and of this Congress to ensure that States have the funds they need to  make our elections more resilient and to make sure voters don't have to  risk their health to cast their ballots.   When we have a national threat or international conflict, we do not  expect an individual State to be able to respond. In World War II, when  Pearl Harbor was bombed, we didn't say: Oh, Hawaii, you go deal with  that yourself.   We, in this Congress, have acknowledged that this pandemic has  national consequences in how we responded with the CARES Act and how  the House has responded with the Heroes Act, which I hope we will  consider very soon in this Congress, and just the fact that, when it  comes to voting, this Congress, with bipartisan support--this Senate  voted to give over $400 million originally to the States.   There were some issues with how that money was given out that we are  trying to fix, but, nevertheless, it was a downpayment on the fact that  even in the beginning of the pandemic, based on what we had seen in  Wisconsin, we anticipated that there were going to be problems for  voting and that there was going to be a massive change in how our  elections were held.   You have States like New York State where only 5 percent of people  have voted by mail in the past few Federal elections and States like my  own State of Minnesota where, despite having the highest voter turnout  in the country, only 25 percent of people on average voted by mail. Now  you are seeing switch overs where 50 percent, 60 percent of the people  in every single State in the Nation are asking to vote from home or, in  the alternative, they are asking for safe voting places by keeping  voting places open longer for early voting, by training poll workers so  we do not depend on our senior citizens to be staffing the polling  locations when they are the most vulnerable to the coronavirus. This is  common sense.   This is why you see Republican Governors and Republican secretaries  of state joining Democratic Governors and Democratic secretaries of  state all across the Nation to ask for help from Washington.   Today, in Kentucky, New York, and Virginia, election officials are  putting more than $36 million of Federal funding to good use--funding  to recruit and train new poll workers, to provide those workers with  protective equipment and sanitizing supplies; funding to pay for  postage for mail-in ballots, purchase additional equipment, and cover  the costs of moving poll locations to accommodate more people. I am  proud of having fought to secure that funding.   I appreciate Senator Blunt, my colleague, who I know is going to be  here shortly and is the chair of the Rules Committee, for assisting in  making sure that funding was designated, as well as Senator Shelby,  Senator Leahy, Senator Coons, and so many others who have worked on  this important issue.   It is a good first step, but let us remember these are still the  primaries in a few States. If you talk to election officials across the  country, they will tell you that it wasn't enough and that they  desperately need more resources for the general election when so many  more people vote. Support from the Federal Government is vital because  we have seen States struggle when it comes to administering elections  during the pandemic. We also know it is not as if they have a reservoir  of funding right now to deal with, which is one of the reasons we want  to pass the Heroes Act.    Many of our State and local governments are struggling right now.  That is why it is so important to designate funding as we move  forward--and I hope we will soon discuss the Heroes Act--to be able to  help pay for elections.   Support from the Federal Government is vital because we have seen  States struggle when it comes to administering elections. With fewer  than 6 months left before the general election, Congress must act now  to ensure that States have the resources and funding that they need.   A lot of times you hear: Well, it is only 6 months, so why would we  do funding now? Look at the fact that we were able to at least assure  the States that the money was going to be out there for them a few  months ago for the primaries, and they were able either to spend their  own money because they knew that money was coming or to spend  designated money. That is how this works.   We are no longer in a normal situation. We are in a situation where  States are having to rearrange how they do elections all over the  country to make it safe and to allow people to vote from home. We have  seen the  [[Page S3141]]  chaos and disenfranchisement that will happen if we don't act soon.   The Wisconsin primary will forever be etched in the memory of our  Nation. Voters stood for hours in the cold and rain, wearing garbage  bags and homemade masks, just to be able to exercise their right to  vote. In Milwaukee, there were just five polling locations open instead  of the usual 180. Almost 600,000 people live in Milwaukee, including  one-third of that State's African-American population. The closure of  so many polling places made it even harder for people without easy  access to transportation to get to a polling location, and it caused  unnecessary crowding, with lines to vote wrapping around blocks. As a  result, voters were disenfranchised, and some even contracted the  coronavirus. According to local health officials, nearly 70 people in  Wisconsin who either voted in person or served as poll workers  contracted the virus as a result of that election.   Earlier this month in Georgia, thousands of people went to the polls  and were also met with long lines and confusion. Reports from Atlanta  indicate voters faced malfunctioning machines, and some voters never  received the mail-in ballots they requested. Instead of being able to  safely vote from home, many were forced to show up in person on  election day. I was particularly struck by the words of Anita Heard, an  80-year-old woman from Atlanta who actually marched with Dr. King. She  was the first person in line at her polling location at 6 a.m. waiting  to vote this year. Anita called the long lines and waits unfair and  ridiculous. She is right.   In Fulton County, one voter, who is a mom, sat on a lawn chair  holding her infant son in one hand and umbrella in another. She waited  more than 3 hours to vote. She wasn't leaving because it was important  to her and her son that one day she would be able to tell him she  waited to vote for him.   In America, people should not have to wonder if voting machines will  be operational or if they are going to be able to receive their ballot  on time to make it count.   Jose Andres--the remarkable chef who helps feed people in areas  struck by natural disasters--announced a plan to provide food, water,  and resources to help people standing for hours in line on election  day. He is doing his part to address this issue, as are so many people  across this country, including, as I mentioned, Democratic and  Republican secretaries of state and Governors.   I appreciate that Senator Blunt, the chairman of the Rules Committee,  is here. As I said, he worked to help us get that initial funding.  Experts have warned that today in Kentucky we may see a repeat of the  chaos that we have seen in early primaries. Reports indicate fewer than  200 polling places are open in the entire State, down from the 3,700 in  a typical election year. We are glad that Kentucky has voted by mail  and a number of people have voted from home.   I think we also know, just based on what we have seen in these other  States--this is just based on facts, not on partisanship--that 200  polling locations in a State of that size will not be enough in the  primary and certainly will not be enough in a general election. In  order to protect the right to vote, we have to learn from States that  are taking steps to make voting safe and easy.   Primary turnout this year has broken records in many States,  especially when it comes to voting by mail. States like Nebraska, Iowa,  South Dakota, New Mexico, Idaho, West Virginia, and North Dakota have  all held successful elections this year by relying heavily on voting by  mail. Again, that is in a primary where some of these States have fewer  voters--not all of them--because they are smaller population States,  and many of them are not dealing with a general election.   In West Virginia, mail-in ballots increased from just 25,000 in 2018  to over 200,000 this year. In Pennsylvania, the number of mail-in  ballots cast increased from 80,000 in 2018 to over 1.5 million this  year. Voters and election officials across the country in Red States  and Blue States are turning to casting a ballot from home.   In addition to the five States that already hold their elections  mostly by mail, which are Utah, Oregon, Colorado, Hawaii, and  Washington--and I note that those States are not all Blue States,  including, particularly, Utah, and Colorado, which is known as a Purple  State--three States, including California, Nevada, New Jersey, and also  the District of Columbia have decided to send all voters absentee  ballots for elections this year. There are 13 States that have decided  to send all voters absentee ballot applications.   These decisions weren't made, as I note, on a partisan basis. Both  Republican and Democratic officials in States have decided to implement  these policies to protect their voters.   I will also note that none of the five States that held their  elections primarily by mail this year have had major voter fraud  scandals since transitioning to vote by mail. As the New York Times  editorial board announced, States who use vote by mail encountered  essentially zero fraud.   Oregon, the pioneer in this area, has sent out more than 100 million  mail-in ballots since 2000 and has documented only about a dozen cases  of proven fraud. Rounded to the seventh decimal point, that is  0.0000001 percent of all votes cast.   We have all seen the President's tweets on this. We know these tweets  are meant to hurt our democracy, and people shouldn't fall for it  because I just gave you the facts: 0.000001 percent of all votes cast  in the States that have been using this forever involved any fraud.   We must set the record straight. I appreciate that Senator Romney  recently noted that nearly everyone, in what he called his very  Republican State of Utah, votes by mail, and, in his words, it works  very, very well.   Now is the time to reject efforts to undermine our political system  and mostly undermining people's attempts to exercise their fundamental  right to vote safely. What are you going to tell a veteran who has a  preexisting condition, like the guy who wrote me who served in Vietnam  and said what is he supposed to do now? We have to allow them to vote  from home.   In the midst of this pandemic, we need to make sure no voter has to  choose between their health and exercising their right to vote. That is  why I am urging my colleagues to support my legislation with Senator  Ron Wyden, which is cosponsored by 35 other Senators, the Natural  Disaster and Emergency Ballot Act, to help State election officials  meet this pandemic head-on.   Our legislation doesn't require us to reinvent how we vote. Instead,  our bill would overcome the challenges posed by the coronavirus by  expanding existing election practices like voting by mail and early  voting. It starts with guaranteeing every American the option to vote  by mail. Sixteen States require voters to provide an excuse if they  want to cast a ballot by mail. But during the pandemic, 13 of these  States are allowing all voters to cast a ballot by mail without needing  to provide an excuse--Democratic and Republican Governors and  secretaries of states. That is progress.   I would say, while we still have three States that are still denying  all voters the option to vote by mail--forcing them to choose between  their health and their constitutional right and go through these hoops  to do it--why not put a standard in place on the Federal level? That is  what our bill does.   Our legislation would also get help to the States. Again, my friend,  Senator Blunt, is here, and I appreciate--while he hasn't put a dollar  amount on it, his interest in looking at funding for this beyond this  bill, I think, is very helpful.   Our bill called for $3.6 billion, which is what is in the Heroes Act,  of funding to safely administer elections. It would knock down  barriers, this bill, to safely vote, like the requirement to have your  ballot signed by a witness or a notary. These are requirements that  disproportionately hurt minority voters--people without as much money.   There is one story of a person sitting in a hospital room trying to  get someone to notarize a primary ballot through a glass window-- someone who has coronavirus. Are we really going to require them to do  that? Are we really going to do that? That is what you have to ask  yourself, colleagues. The bottom line is, it shouldn't be this hard to  vote.   I am proud that this bill has been endorsed by more than a dozen  organizations, including the group founded by  [[Page S3142]]  former First Lady Michelle Obama, including Voto Latino, including the  Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights, the National Urban League, Common  Cause, the Leadership Conference for Civil and Human Rights.   As I noted, the CARES Act included funding. It didn't include the  standards that I think are necessary but included the funding. That is  just the beginning. That was a downpayment--negotiating in the middle  of the night. I know that because I was talking to my colleagues back  then.   This is the real deal, to be able to help States in the general  election. This money was included in the Heroes Act. Public health  experts have warned over and over again of the possibility of a new  wave of this virus in the fall. We have to be ready. States are having  this happen anyway, and we should make sure that they have the funding  to do it.   I know we are going to be discussing the National Defense  Authorization Act in the next few weeks, at some point. I think about  that. Our defense is important, but, remember, this is about the  defense of our democracy. The simple idea that this was a democracy;  that it is not a dictatorship; that people should be able to go out  there and exercise their right to vote no matter how they are going to  vote, no matter what party they are going to vote for, and this is the  moment--and because of this pandemic, we need to do it.   The last thing I will mention, three polls released in the last  couple of months show an overwhelming majority of voters--over 80  percent favor measures to make voting safe and easy. One of the polls  conducted in six battleground States showed that 74 percent of voters  wanted their Senators to support legislation in Congress to implement  voting reforms, including a majority of Republican voters. Think about  that. Voters across party lines want Congress to pass legislation that  would guarantee the right to vote by mail and provide funding to States  and make sure it is safe to vote. That is what this is about.   Again, I thank my colleague, Senator Blunt, for all he has done and  the fact that he was able to work with us when we did negotiate the  CARES Act to make sure there was some funding included, as well as I  mentioned Senator Shelby, Senator Coons, Senator Leahy, and others. Now  is the time to prepare for what we have ahead; that is, making sure  everyone can vote safely   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Rules Committee be discharged from further consideration of S.  4033, the Natural Disaster and Emergency Ballot Act of 2020, and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, with no  intervening action or debate.    Madam President, I want to thank my colleague for his  work and his friendship. We obviously don't agree on every aspect of  this. I did enjoy hearing his desk story. I didn't know he had Harry  Truman's desk. When I got to the Senate, I asked for the desk of Hubert  Humphrey, the ``happy warrior,'' and about 8 months later, the desk  arrived, and they had accidentally given me the desk of Gordon  Humphrey, the former Senator from New Hampshire, and I had it for quite  a while. In a new Senate, I one day opened up the desktop and saw that  they had replaced it with the desk of Hubert Humphrey. So I would give  these comments in the spirit of the ``happy warrior''; that is, while  you and I disagree on setting these standards, at this moment I think  we should; I think if not now, when?   When it comes to things such as not having notaries for getting a  ballot and things like that, I am heartened by the fact that, No. 1, we  have a hearing, which has been asked for--I think it is really  important, and I appreciate that--on this upcoming election.   No. 2, you continue to be open to discussing with me and with the  Appropriations Committee the funding as we go into November. I think  that is really going to be important for all voters, whether in red,  blue, or purple States. We know that so many people vote by mail,  including the President of the United States with a ballot from Palm  Beach, FL. We all want to have that ability and make sure people in our  States have an ability to either vote by mail or vote safely at the  polling places this fall.   Thank you very much.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today and thank my colleague  from Oregon and also thank him for his work on the voting bill. We just  had a discussion with Senator Blunt about that, and while we didn't  agree on the bill, there is a discussion that is ongoing--as we head  into another COVID package, possibly, which we really believe we need  to--on working on some funding issues for the States as we look at more  and more balloting from home and how important that is.   I want to thank Senator Wyden for his leadership for so long on that  issue. I brought up his home State in a speech about an hour or so ago  and the work that Oregon has done with ballot-by-home and, I think,  ballots from home.   I actually think I used the number of percentage of fraud as  0.0000001, or something like that, to show that what the President said  is not true; that we have had, actually, in many States across the  country--including Utah, a redder State--a big success with voting from  home.   