 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the  Homeless Veterans with Children Reintegration Act.   On any given day, there are more than 550,000 people experiencing  homelessness in our country. An estimated 40,000 of them are veterans.  This is categorically unacceptable.   Although the Department of Housing and Urban Development and VA have  made progress toward eliminating veterans' homelessness, there is still  more that must be done to ensure that every veteran has a home.   We know it is 10 times cheaper to provide resources to prevent  homelessness in the first place than it is to house someone once they  have become homeless.   We also know that so many of our veterans suffer from PTSD related to  combat or, far too often, military sexual trauma. These traumatic  experiences put veterans at increased risk of mental health conditions,  substance use disorders, and homelessness.  [[Page H2365]]    We owe it to our veterans to spare no effort in providing the  security and assistance they need to transition to civilian life. One  way to help our veterans experiencing homelessness is to help them gain  new employment skills and get stable jobs.   The Department of Labor's homeless veterans reintegration program  focuses on securing employment opportunities for homeless veterans. The  program provides grants to State and local agencies and nonprofit  organizations that teach veterans occupational skills, provide on-the- job training, help them attain apprenticeships, and help with job  searches and placement.   Grantees also collaborate with public and private partners at all  levels--Federal, State, and local--to provide supportive services and  access to housing.   The program has been extremely successful, helping place thousands of  homeless veterans in competitive employment every year.   Over the last several years, the Department of Labor has identified  certain homeless veteran populations that are in particular need of  reintegration services, including female veterans and veterans with  families. My bill would direct the Department of Labor to prioritize  homeless veterans with dependent children participating in its  reintegration program.   This subpopulation of homeless veterans is particularly vulnerable,  and it is so important to ensure they have access to the wraparound  services necessary to support a parent with children.   Research shows that families experiencing homelessness often have to  contend with intimate partner violence, child separation, and other  extremely challenging issues. That is why my bill would also require  the Department of Labor to study access to shelter, safety, and other  relevant services for homeless veterans with dependent children. This  information will help us understand the problem and identify  opportunities to resolve issues in providing services to this  vulnerable population.     Mr. Speaker, this legislation will also go a long way  toward supporting veterans who have sacrificed so much for our country  and are now struggling to adjust to civilian life and to support  families.   This bill has received broad bipartisan support in the past, and I  ask that my colleagues, as my colleagues have on the committee, join me  in getting it across the finish line. We owe our veterans nothing less.   