 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership.   Madam Speaker, in his annual address to our predecessors in Congress  in 1862, President Abraham Lincoln spoke of the duty of the patriot in  an hour of decisive crisis for the American people.   ``Fellow citizens,'' he said, ``we cannot escape history. We . . .  will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance or  insignificance can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through  which we pass will light us down in honor or dishonor to the latest  generation. . . . We, even we here, hold the power and bear the  responsibility.''   In the Bible, St. Paul wrote, ``Think on these things.'' We must  think on what Lincoln told us. We, even here, even us here, hold the  power and bear the responsibility.   We, you and I, hold in trust the power that derives most directly  from the people of the United States, and we bear the responsibility to  fulfill the oath that we all swear before God and before one another:  the oath to defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and  domestic, so help us God.   We know that we face enemies to that Constitution. We know. We  experienced the insurrection that violated the sanctity of the people's  Capitol and attempted to overturn the duly recorded will of the  American people. And we know that the President of the United States  incited this insurrection, this armed rebellion against our common  country. He must go. He is a clear and present danger to the Nation  that we all love.   Since the Presidential election in November, an election the  President lost, he has repeatedly lied about the outcome, sowed self- serving doubt about democracy, and unconstitutionally sought to  influence State officials to repeal reality. And then came that day of  fire we all experienced.   The President must be impeached, and I believe the President must be  convicted by the Senate, a constitutional remedy that will ensure that  the Republic will be safe from this man who is so resolutely determined  to tear down the things that we hold dear and that hold us together.   It gives me no pleasure to say this. It breaks my heart. It should  break your heart. It should break all of our hearts, for your presence  in this hallowed Chamber is testament to your love for our country, for  America, and to your faith in the work of our Founders to create a more  perfect Union.   Those insurrectionists were not patriots. They were not part of a  political base to be catered to and managed. They were domestic  terrorists, and justice must prevail.   But they did not appear out of a vacuum. They were sent here, sent  here by the President with words such as a cry to ``fight like hell.''  Words matter. Truth matters. Accountability matters. In his public  exhortations to them, the President saw the insurrectionists not as the  foes of freedom, as they are, but as the means to a terrible goal: the  goal of his personally clinging to power, the goal of thwarting the  will of the people, the goal of ending in a fiery and bloody clash  nearly two and a half centuries of our democracy.   This is not theoretical, and this is not motivated by partisanship. I  stand before you today as an officer of the Constitution as Speaker of  the House of Representatives. I stand before you as a wife, a mother, a  grandmother, a daughter, a daughter whose father proudly served in this  Congress, Thomas D'Alesandro, Jr., from Maryland, one of the first  Italian Americans to serve in the Congress. And I stand here before you  today as that noblest of things: a citizen of the United States of  America.   With my voice and my vote, with a plea to all of you, Democrats and  Republicans, I ask you to search your souls and answer these questions:  Is the President's war on democracy in keeping with the Constitution?  Were his words and insurrectionary mob a high crime and misdemeanor? Do  we not have the duty to our oath to do all we constitutionally can to  protect our Nation and our democracy from the appetites and ambitions  of a man who has self-evidently demonstrated that he is a vital threat  to liberty, to self-government, and to the rule of law?   Our country is divided. We all know that. There are lies abroad in  the land, spread by a desperate President who feels his power slipping  away. We know that, too. But I know this as well: that we here in this  House have a sacred obligation to stand for truth, to stand up for the  Constitution, to stand as guardians of the Republic.   In a speech he was prepared to give in Dallas on Friday, November 22,  1963, President John F. Kennedy was to say, ``We in this country, in  this generation, are--by destiny rather than choice--the watchmen on  the walls of world freedom. We ask, therefore, that we may be worthy of  our power and responsibility.'' That we may be worthy.   President Kennedy was assassinated before he could deliver those  words to the Nation, but they resonate more even now, in our time and  in this place.   Let us be worthy of our power and responsibility, that what Lincoln  thought of the world's last best hope, the United States of America,  may long survive.   My fellow Members, my fellow Americans, we cannot escape history. Let  us embrace our duty, fulfill our oath, and honor the trust of our  Nation. We pray that God will continue to bless America.   