 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Contrary to my good friend's words, the President of the United  States is an insurrectionist. He led an insurrection against the United  States of America.   Prior to the January 6 attack by violent domestic terrorists, the  President spoke to the crowd for 1 hour, and these were his words.  These were his words, which is that we cannot take the Nation back. We  have to take the Nation back with strength, and you must go and do  that. Those were the paraphrase of his words.   The President provoked these domestic terrorists with words, with  actions and conduct that betray a contempt and hostility to the  national value of equal justice under the law, telling domestic  terrorists, nearly all of them white supremacists, many of them, who  support him politically, who stormed the Capitol to derail Congress  from completing its constitutionally required duty of counting and  verifying the vote.   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary  and on Homeland Security, I rise in strong support of the rule  governing debate on H. Res. 24, a resolution impeaching the current  President of the United States for High Crimes and Misdemeanors,  warranting his conviction and removal from office and, in accordance  with Article I, Section 3, clause 7, disqualification from ever again  holding and enjoying an Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the  United States.''   I strongly support the rule and the underlying resolution calling for  impeachment and removal of this President because after the horrifying  events of Wednesday last, January 6, 2021, another day that will live  in infamy, the continuance in office of this President for even one  moment longer represents a clear and present threat to the security of  the United States, its people, institutions, and democratic form of  government.   To put it in the words of the Framers, the current President's  conduct reflects and reveals a person ``whose character is thus marked  by every act which may define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a  free people.''   To put it in contemporary terms, the current President can rightly be  said to be perhaps the leading cause of state-sponsored domestic  terrorism.   Every minute this President remains in office represents a minute of  maximum peril to the American people and the American Experiment.   Unrepentant after his perfidious and treacherous conduct of Wednesday  last, the President just yesterday went to Alamo, Texas, without giving  any advance notice or consultation to the leaders of that community.   Does anyone really doubt that the President's true purpose in going  to Alamo was to signal to his band of disloyalists his desire that they  make a last stand and fight to the death in his name?   I do not, and neither does the majority of the American people, and I  suspect that in their heart of hearts, neither do our colleagues on the  Republican side.   Mr. Speaker, three facts demonstrate why immediate action to remove  the President is essential.   First, the abject failure and refusal of the President to take care  that the laws be faithfully executed puts lives at risk.   When the U.S. Capitol was besieged last week by domestic terrorists,  the President obstructed and denied the request of the Mayor of the  District of Columbia to call out the National Guard to protect life and  property; it took the Vice-President, working with Speaker Pelosi and  incoming Senate Majority Leader Schumer to prevail upon the Department  of Defense to come to the defense of the Capitol and the people trapped  inside.   Instead of acting in accordance with his sacred oath to preserve,  protect, and defend the Constitution and to take care that the people  and property of the United States are protected against all enemies,  foreign or domestic, the President did nothing but watch the mayhem on  television, ebullient at the enthusiastic display of support from his  lawless loyalists.   Second, the current President's conduct stands in stark and marked  contrast to his conduct earlier this year when protests were sweeping  the country in response to the murder of George Floyd, when the  President dispatched law enforcement authorities to put down peaceful  protests led by moms and veterans in Portland, Oregon and social  justice activists in Washington, D.C.   Back then, the President mobilized a heavy police presence, many on  horseback and others using tear gas, to clear Lafayette Square of  peaceful protesters so he could walk across the street to have himself  photographed clutching a bible upside down in front of a church.   Third, the President's words, actions, and conduct betray a contempt  and hostility to the national value of equal justice under law, telling  the domestic terrorists, many of whom were white supremacists who  support him politically, who stormed the Capitol to derail Congress  from completing its constitutionally required duty of counting and  verifying the votes of presidential electors, that ``we love you.  You're very special,'' while referring to African Americans and other  persons of color protesting social injustice and inequalities in the  criminal justice system as ``animals,'' ``thugs,'' and ``anarchists.''   Mr. Speaker, the President's actions inciting insurrection against  the United States was the proximate cause of the horrifying siege of  the U.S. Capitol, the destruction and desecration of the Citadel of  Democracy, and the deaths of at least six persons, one of whom was a  uniformed officer to the United States Capitol Police, whom was  bludgeoned to death by the incited mob.   Abusing the powers and resources of his high office, Donald John  Trump has actively and continuously endeavored to undermine the  essential institutions and foundations of a democratic system of  government in the United States, engaging in a long train of abuses and  usurptions, pursuing invariably the same object, evincing a design to  make himself an authoritarian ruler unaccountable to, and independent  of, the people of the United States.   The utter unfitness of the President for the office he holds and his  contempt for the sacred oath he took before the nation with God as his  witness, was vividly on display on January 6, 2021.   But signs of his calumny were on display in plain sight, reflected by  his misbehavior and malfeasance from the earliest days of his  administration.   Abusing the powers and resources of his high office, this President  has actively and continuously endeavored to undermine the essential  institutions and foundations of a democratic system of government in  the United States, engaging in a long train of abuses and usurpations,  pursuing invariably the same object, evincing a design to make himself  an authoritarian ruler unaccountable to, and independent of, the people  of the United States by:   (1) Soliciting and welcoming the assistance of a hostile foreign  power to aid him in securing election in 2016 as President of the  United States;   (2) Refusing to acknowledge Russian interference in the internal  affairs of the United States, and then opposing responses by Congress  and the Executive Branch to protect the national security and interests  of the United States against future Russian interference and  aggression;   (3) Publicly conveying his interest and willingness to accept the  assistance of foreign powers in his attempt win reelection as President  of the United States;   (4) Refusing continuously to acknowledge to the American people that  he would accept and be bound by the verdict rendered in the 2020  Presidential election, instead claiming that any outcome in which he  was not declared the winner was fraudulent, rigged, and illegitimate;   (5) Taking active measures to impede and undermine the ability of  American citizens to convey their disapproval of his continuance in  office by exercising their rights as voters, including misusing the  United States Postal Service to prevent the timely delivery of mail-in  ballots;   (6) Instituting frivolous lawsuits to overturn the results of the  2020 Presidential election, falsely alleging wide-spread voting fraud  but producing no evidence in support of his spurious allegations;   (7) Exhorting and inciting his supporters to believe falsely that  victory in the 2020 Presidential election had been stolen from him and  [[Page H160]]  that constitutionally required Joint Meeting of Congress for the  purpose of counting the votes of electors and announcement of the  result by the President of the Senate was illegitimate and intended to  complete the theft of his victory; and   (8) Failing to take action to protect and defend Federal officers and  personnel, property, buildings, and institutions on January 6, 2021, at  the U.S. Capitol that was besieged by supporters of Donald John Trump,  resulting in extensive damage to the property of the United States and  the deaths of at least four persons.   This is why multiple Members of Congress, introduced resolutions of  articles of impeachment; joined by dozens of original cosponsors, I  introduced H. Res. 26, impeaching the President for the High Crimes and  Misdemeanors of (1) Abuse of Power and (2) Willful Refusal And Failure  To Protect And Defend The Constitution Of The United States.   Mr. Speaker, Donald John Trump has acted in a manner contrary to his  trust as President and subversive of constitutional government, to the  great prejudice of the cause of law and justice, and to the manifest  injury of the people of the United States.   He must be impeached, convicted, removed from office, and  disqualified from ever again holding and enjoying an Office of honor,  Trust or Profit under the United States.   My love and reverence for the Constitution compels me to vote to  impeach this President and I urge all my colleagues who revere the  Constitution and our democracy, which has endured for more than 240  years, to join me in voting for the rule for H. Res. 24, so we can vote  to impeach Donald John Trump for High Crimes and Misdemeanors against  the United States.    Madam Speaker, I was on that floor just 1 week ago.  So, today, the insurrectionist in chief will be impeached for  insurrection.   It is because he failed to defend this Nation against all enemies,  domestic and foreign. And he stood down near the White House and told a  mob of domestic terrorists to go and show your strength, be strong, you  can't gain anything because of weakness.   We must hold him accountable. We can heal this Nation, but he must be  impeached today. We must impeach Donald J. Trump as an insurrectionist.   Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary  and on Homeland Security, as the descendant of patriotic and heroic  veterans who risked their lives to defend our nation and our freedoms,  as a parent with the fervent hope and determination to pass on this  great democracy to the next generation, and as a citizen of the  greatest republic in world history, I rise in strong support of H. Res.  24, a resolution impeaching the current President of the United States  for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, warranting his conviction and removal  from office and, in accordance with Article I, Section 3, clause 7,  disqualification from ever again holding and enjoying an Office of  honor, Trust or Profit under the United States.''   I strongly support the impeachment and removal of this President  because after the horrifying events of Wednesday last, January 6, 2021,  another day that will live in infamy, the continuance in office of this  President for even one moment longer represents a clear and present  threat to the security of the United States, its people, institutions,  and democratic form of government.   To put it in the words of the Framers, the current President's  conduct reflects and reveals a person ``whose character is thus marked  by every act which may define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a  free people.''   To put it in contemporary terms, the current President can rightly be  said to be perhaps the leading cause of state-sponsored domestic  terrorism.   Every minute this President remains in office represents a minute of  maximum peril to the American people and the American Experiment.   Unrepentant after his perfidious and treacherous conduct of Wednesday  last, the President just yesterday went to Alamo, Texas, without giving  any advance notice or consultation to the leaders of that community.   Does anyone really doubt that the President's true purpose in going  to Alamo was to signal to his band of disloyalists his desire that they  make a last stand and fight to the death in his name?   I do not, and neither does the majority of the American people, and I  suspect that in their heart of hearts, neither do our colleagues on the  Republican side.   Madam Speaker, three facts demonstrate why immediate action to remove  the President is essential.   First, the abject failure and refusal of the President to take care  that the laws be faithfully executed puts lives at risk.   When the U.S. Capitol was besieged last week by domestic terrorists,  the President obstructed and denied the request of the Mayor of the  District Columbia to call out the National Guard to protect life and  property; it took the Vice-President, working with Speaker Pelosi and  incoming Senate Majority Leader Schumer to prevail upon the Department  of Defense to come to the defense of Capitol and the people trapped  inside.   Instead of acting in accordance with his sacred oath to preserve,  protect, and defend the Constitution and to take care that the people  and property of the United States are protected against all enemies,  foreign or domestic, the President did nothing but watch the mayhem on  television, ebullient at the display of support from his lawless  loyalists.   Second, the current President's conduct stands in stark and marked  contrast to his conduct earlier this year when protests were sweeping  the country in response to the murder of George Floyd, when the  President dispatched law enforcement authorities to put down peaceful  protests led by moms and veterans in Portland, Oregon and social  justice activists in Washington, D.C.   Back then, the President mobilized a heavy police presence, many on  horseback and others using tear gas, to clear Lafayette Square of  peaceful protesters so he could walk across the street to have himself  photographed clutching a bible upside down in front of a church.   Third, the President's words, actions, and conduct betray a contempt  and hostility to the national value of equal justice under law, telling  the domestic terrorists, nearly all of whom were white and who support  him politically, who stormed the Capitol to derail Congress from  completing its constitutionally required duty of counting and verifying  the votes of  [[Page H185]]  presidential electors, that ``we love you. You're very special,'' while  referring to African Americans and other persons of color protesting  social injustice and inequalities in the criminal justice system as  ``animals,'' ``thugs,'' and ``anarchists.''   Madam Speaker, the President's actions inciting insurrection against  the United States was the proximate cause of the horrifying siege of  the U.S. Capitol, the destruction and desecration of the Citadel of  Democracy, and the deaths of at least six persons, one of whom was a  uniformed officer to the United States Capitol Police, who was  bludgeoned to death by the incited mob.   Abusing the powers and resources of his high office, Donald John  Trump has actively and continuously endeavored to undermine the  essential institutions and foundations of a democratic system of  government in the United States, engaging in a long train of abuses and  usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object, evincing a design to  make himself an authoritarian ruler unaccountable to, and independent  of, the people of the United States.   The utter unfitness of the President for the office he holds and his  contempt for the sacred oath he took before the nation with God as his  witness, was vividly on display on January 6, 2021.   But signs of his calumny were on display in plain sight, reflected by  his misbehavior and malfeasance from the earliest days of his  administration.   Abusing the powers and resources of his high office, this President  has actively and continuously endeavored to undermine the essential  institutions and foundations of a democratic system of government in  the United States, engaging in a long train of abuses and usurpations,  pursuing invariably the same object, evincing a design to make himself  an authoritarian ruler unaccountable to, and independent of, the people  of the United States by:   (1) Soliciting and welcoming the assistance of a hostile foreign  power to aid him in securing election in 2016 as President of the  United States;   (2) Refusing to acknowledge Russian interference in the internal  affairs of the United States, and then opposing responses by Congress  and the Executive Branch to protect the national security and interests  of the United States against future Russian interference and  aggression. (3) Publicly conveying his interest and willingness to  accept the assistance of foreign powers in his attempt win reelection  as President of the United States;   (4) Refusing continuously to acknowledge to the American people that  he would accept and be bound by the verdict rendered in the 2020  Presidential election, instead claiming that any outcome in which he  was not declared the winner was fraudulent, rigged, and illegitimate;   (5) Taking active measures to impede and undermine the ability of  American citizens to convey their disapproval of his continuance in  office by exercising their rights as voters, including misusing the  United States Postal Service to prevent the timely delivery of mail-in  ballots;   (6) Instituting frivolous lawsuits to overturn the results of the  2020 Presidential election, falsely alleging wide-spread voting fraud  but producing no evidence in support of his spurious allegations;   (7) Exhorting and inciting his supporters to believe falsely that  victory in the 2020 Presidential election had been stolen from him and  that constitutionally required Joint Meeting of Congress for the  purpose of counting the votes of electors and announcement of the  result by the President of the Senate was illegitimate and intended to  complete the theft of his victory; and   (8) Failing to take action to protect and defend Federal officers and  personnel, property, buildings, and institutions on January 6, 2021, at  the U.S. Capitol that was besieged by supporters of Donald John Trump,  resulting in extensive damage to the property of the United States and  the deaths of at least four persons.   This is why multiple Members of Congress, introduced resolutions of  articles of impeachment; joined by dozens of original cosponsors, I  introduced H. Res. 26, impeaching the President for the High Crimes and  Misdemeanors of (1) Abuse of Power and (2) Willful Refusal And Failure  To Protect And Defend The Constitution Of The United States.   Madam Speaker, Donald John Trump has acted in a manner contrary to  his trust as President and subversive of constitutional government, to  the great prejudice of the cause of law and justice, and to the  manifest injury of the people of the United States.   He must be impeached, convicted, removed from office, and  disqualified from ever again holding and enjoying an Office of honor,  Trust or Profit under the United States.   My love and reverence for the Constitution compels me to vote to  impeach this President and I urge all my colleagues who revere the  Constitution and our democracy, which has endured for more than 240  years, to join me in voting for H. Res. 24, impeaching Donald John  Trump again for High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the United States.   