 Madam President, it has been nearly 100 days since  President Biden delivered his inaugural address, promising our Nation  ``unity, not division.'' He called on all of us to ``listen to one  another,'' noting that unity ``requires more than words.''   I was there, and I was listening. I was hopeful that he actually  meant what he said. But that very same day, as soon as he reached the  other end of Pennsylvania Avenue, President Biden seemed to forget his  own words as he began signing a record number of Executive orders.   With the stroke of a pen, he unilaterally created a new migrant  crisis by reversing the previous administration's successful policies  and ceasing construction of the wall.   He also killed thousands of jobs for American workers by canceling  the XL Pipeline. And that was just his first day on the job.   Since then, the President and his Democratic allies in Congress have  used a partisan process to fast-track trillions of dollars of new  spending for their pricey pet projects.   Despite the President's call for us to listen to one another, the  Democrats are planning to, once again, fast-track another $2.2 trillion  package being sold as an ``infrastructure'' bill, even though it spends  less on roads and bridges than it does on parts of the Socialist Green  New Deal and other progressive priorities.   And then right after that, they want to ram through another $1  trillion for so-called human infrastructure.   The Democrats are threatening to end the right of Senators to debate  by abolishing the filibuster so they can shove through their extreme  agenda. This would fundamentally change the Senate, which has long been  known as the world's--not just America's but the world's greatest  deliberative body, in which every State has equal representation and  every Senator is given a voice in our national conversations.   It is an interesting twist for the party that just a year ago proudly  resisted nearly every effort put forth to address the problems facing  our Nation.   For purely partisan political reasons, Democrats even filibustered-- yes, they filibustered--the JUSTICE Act that would have provided police  reform following the deaths of George Floyd and others.   This week, the Nation will have the opportunity to hear from the  author of that bill, my dear friend Senator Tim Scott of South  Carolina, who is delivering the Republican response to the President's  address this evening. No one better represents the type of positive  leadership we need to unify our Nation than Tim. He truly is the  perfect voice for the American dream.   Growing up in a poor, single-parent household, Tim's mother worked  hard  [[Page S2272]]  to make ends meet. Despite some early challenges and setbacks, Tim  successfully started his own business and was chosen, time and again,  to serve in public office.   As a Senator, Tim is focused on creating opportunities for others by  tapping into the potential of individuals and communities. Tim listens,  and he works hard to bring people together.   Folks, that is what President Biden promised to do, but he is not  living up to that promise. Frankly, the President only seems to be  listening to the far-left progressives within the Democratic Party who  live on their own liberal ``Fantasy Island.''   He and his liberal allies on the left are pushing tax hikes on  working Americans, while giving tax breaks to wealthy coastal elites.  They are bringing back corrupt and costly earmarks.   Democrats want to defund our police and abolish ICE. They want to  remake nearly every aspect of our economy with their radical Green New  Deal. The Democrats are plotting to pack the Supreme Court with  ultraliberal Justices and destroy that institution. And to pad their  numbers in Congress, Democrats are attempting to make Washington, DC, a  State.   Does that sound like the unity and bipartisanship we were promised on  day one? It sure doesn't, folks.   If President Biden actually listened to the voices of Americans who  live outside of the DC swamp, he wouldn't be hearing a demand for any  of those radical proposals.   The Senate is split 50-50, while Democrats hold a razor-slim majority  in the House of Representatives. And according to a recent Gallup poll,  an overwhelming two-thirds of Americans say they are dissatisfied with  the way things are going in the United States. Based upon those  responses, it sounds like the Democrats' radical agenda is dividing,  not unifying, our country.   Iowans want Democrats and Republicans to set aside partisan  differences and work together on our national interests. They want  students to be able to safely return to their classroom and for folks  to go back to work.   Iowans want us to fix our roads and bridges and expand broadband to  rural areas. They worry about the growing global influence of Communist  China and the humanitarian and national security crisis on our southern  border. They want us to protect the American dream for future  generations.   Folks, we can do this.   President Biden, if you are listening, please hear me out. Giving  into the deafening demands of the loudest on the left and attempting to  silence half of the country will not solve our problems. It will only  divide us more.   To succeed, we need to consider the voices of all Americans and speak  to what unites us so we can overcome our challenges. And we can  overcome these challenges together.   I yield the floor.   