 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3797, the Medical  Marijuana Research Act. I advanced this bipartisan bill through my  Health Subcommittee and I'm proud to support it on the Floor today.   According to the Department of Health and Human Services National  Survey on Drug Use, 44 million Americans reported using cannabis in the  past year. Thirty-three states now allow the medicinal use of cannabis  and 11 states and the District of Columbia have legalized cannabis for  adult use.   But state laws and federal policy are a thousand miles apart. As more  states allow cannabis, the federal government still strictly controls  and prohibits it, even restricting legitimate medical research.   The Medical Marijuana Research Act addresses these restrictions on  research and alleviates a burdensome, out-of-date process for  scientific researchers. First, it creates a new, less cumbersome  registration process specifically for marijuana, reducing approval wait  times and costly security measures. Second, this bill makes it easier  for researchers to obtain the cannabis they need for their studies  through reforms in production and distribution regulations.   Under this bill, scientists will no longer be forced to wait more  than a year to become federally-approved to conduct cannabis research.  They will also not be forced to use the cannabis grown by a government- authorized farm at the University of Mississippi. This cannabis lacks  the properties and potency of commercially-available cannabis and leads  to inadequate research.  [[Page H7083]]    This is a commonsense bill that will update federal policy to advance  research on cannabis and its compounds. I urge my colleagues to support  this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1570, the Removing  Barriers to Colorectal Cancer Screening Act. I advanced this bipartisan  bill through my Health Subcommittee and I'm proud to support it on the  Floor today.   This legislation was introduced by Representatives Payne, Davis,  McEachin, and McKinley to remove financial barriers to life-saving  colorectal cancer screenings and treatment for Medicare beneficiaries.   Currently, Medicare covers a colonoscopy without out-of-pocket costs  for beneficiaries, but if the colonoscopy results in a polyp removal,  patients are stuck with an unexpected copayment. This small distinction  could mean hundreds of dollars of out-of-pocket expenses for seniors on  Medicare who are often living on a fixed income.   This bill would waive that cost-sharing and give millions of Medicare  beneficiaries the peace of mind that they can receive the preventive  care they need without being stuck with unexpected costs.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1966, the Henrietta  Lacks Enhancing Cancer Research Act. I urge my colleagues to support  this bill in honor of two Baltimoreans who changed the world--Henrietta  Lacks and Representative Elijah Cummings.   Representative Cummings introduced this legislation to help address  the barriers facing minority, low-income, and underrepresented groups  when it comes to enrolling in federally-funded clinical cancer trials.  He named it after Henrietta Lacks to honor the role she and her tumor  samples played in breakthroughs for cancer, HIV/AIDS, leukemia, polio,  and Parkinson's disease. Henrietta Lacks' tumor samples were used  without her or her family's knowledge or consent and her contribution  has been overlooked for decades. This legislation will begin to correct  that wrong, while also improving access to medical research for African  Americans and other underrepresented groups.   Representative Cummings dedicated his Congressional career to  ensuring underrepresented groups had access to health care. He  championed policies to improve health equity by lowering drug prices  and improving maternal care for African American women. I'm pleased  that this bill will be added to his legacy and I thank Representative  Mfume for ensuring the advancement of this bill.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   