 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to support the  nomination of Pete Buttigieg to be Secretary of Transportation.   We all know the nominee as Mayor Pete--a man who basically came on to  the national stage as a Midwest mayor who had lots of enthusiasm for  making investments in America's future. So today we are considering his  nomination to be Secretary of Transportation at a time when we need a  lot of work done on transportation. In my opinion, he is a young,  energetic mayor who is going to help us usher in a new era of  transportation. That means there is going to be a lot of bipartisan  dialogue about how we get there. But this job should not be  underestimated in terms of the importance of the transportation sector  and the investments for the future that we need.    Our transportation system serves as a backbone of our economy, and  when it is not doing well, the consequential impact of that affects our  economy. It affects how our businesses compete in a global economy. It  affects how people get to and from work, and it affects their home life  as well. So it is a big job that we have, and I know that this mayor  and future Secretary of Transportation understands how big this  challenge is.   We have underinvested in our infrastructure for decades. In the past  10 years alone, we have underfunded our infrastructure needs by $1.5  trillion. The American Society of Engineers estimates that we need to  invest $5.6 trillion in our infrastructure over the next two decades,  or the United States stands to lose about $10.3 trillion in GDP. I know  this because my State knows this. I think the Presiding Officer knows  this as well. If the transportation infrastructure doesn't work, goods  and services don't get through your ports, they don't get to their  destination, and businesses choose other vehicles or other avenues for  the products to be delivered. America needs to be competitive.   The American public also knows that poor infrastructure and the  problems they see in their communities have to be addressed, whether  that is concrete crumbling off of bridges, delayed trains, buses,  congestion, railroads, or any of many issues. Just this week, a highway  in California slid into the ocean, disrupting traffic along the famous  Highway 1, and this could be a delay for months. I know, again, the  Presiding Officer understands this as well as the State of Washington.  Mother Nature doesn't always comply with our transportation needs.   So while these investments and numbers may seem huge to people, it is  what this investment will enable that we need to keep focused on. We  need to focus on the fact that the United States makes and grows  things, and we need to get them to their destinations. We need people  be able to get to their places of employment. So we need someone at the  Department of Transportation who is enthusiastic about taking on these  challenges and helping President Biden administer a new era of  transportation and the challenges that we face.   Mayor Buttigieg--a Harvard graduate, Rhodes Scholar, former U.S.  Reservist who I believe served in Afghanistan--also understands the  challenges of smalltown mayors and the impacts that transportation  systems can have. He knows the challenges we now face because of COVID- 19, that there is a new burden on our transportation system because of  the impact of lost revenue.   State departments of transportation estimate $50 billion in lost  revenues over the next 5 years. Airports have lost $23 billion because  of people no longer flying. Transit agencies will have lost an  estimated $50 billion by the end of 2021. These losses will continue to  compound until we find the best way to protect our transportation  workers, our travelers, and to continue to help with personal  protective equipment, testing, vaccines, and clear, health-based  protocols to help return safety to our transportation system and to  build public confidence. That is one of the reasons why we are fighting  so hard for this next package of investments.   President Biden took decisive action by mandating that people wear  masks, which is a giant step forward in our transportation system. I  think there is more we can do, and hopefully our colleagues can work  together on that.   The long-term revenue outlet for transportation also is changing, and  so it will be a long time before its recovery.   So I believe that Mayor Pete Buttigieg is the right choice for this  job because he was mayor of South Bend. He dealt with infrastructure  where the rubber meets the road--managing State, Federal, and local  resources to help build infrastructure in his community.   He also helped facilitate public-private partnerships to make the  dollars go farther, an important model for future investments in  transportation. One of those projects, the South Shore double-track  project, whose full funding grant agreement was signed earlier this  month, is like many other State and local projects. The South Shore  double track demanded impressive coordination between Federal, State,  and local governments to bring it to fruition.   Mayor Buttigieg's Smart Streets Initiative also shows he knows how to  operate and succeed in the current environment and will be able to help  communities around the country replicate the success he had in South  Bend.   He won't be the first mayor to be the Secretary of Transportation,  but I think we can say that when you have a mayor in that job, they are  going to pay attention to local transportation infrastructure  investments to help our communities continue to grow and be  competitive.   We have a major opportunity, I believe, to now deliver on the  infrastructure needs of many of those communities. We should start  immediately by talking about infrastructure packages and working on a  transportation infrastructure plan for the 21st century because it is  clear we have opportunities this year, with the surface transportation  programs expiring in September.   Communities everywhere are demanding that we help work on these  important issues for their communities, but Mayor Buttigieg will also  be called on to think about the new era of transportation and how we  maintain ou competitiveness. He will have to think about issues of  ensuring safety with new autonomous vehicle technologies and unmanned  aircraft. He will have to promote stronger emission standards for  automobiles, aviation, and the maritime industry. He will have to  support the continued growth of electric vehicle infrastructure. He  will have to make big investments in game-changing projects that will  help us move freight more cost-effectively through our Nation. People  will want to know and understand what our reliable passenger rail,  transit systems, roads, and investments in bridges are going to be for  the future.    So all of this is a big challenge, but I know that this nominee is up  to that challenge. He did well at the committee in making sure that  people understood that he believes that those challenges need to be  addressed in order for America to continue to move forward.   From my perspective, just in the State of Washington, before COVID  had really hit, we saw 78 hours per year of delayed traffic; that is,  the average commuter spent 78 hours in delayed traffic. A recent study  in my State estimated that Washingtonians lost more than $7.4 billion  each year in lost time  [[Page S222]]  and wasted fuel due to congestion, deteriorated roads, and safety  problems. As America starts to head back to the office, no one wants to  spend time back in that world of congestion, and so we need to make  critical investments.   People in Puget Sound know that we need to fix the West Seattle  Bridge. They know in Southwest Washington that the Columbia River needs  a new bridge across I-5. In Eastern Washington, they know that we need  a north-south corridor. In Everett, they know that the trestle needs  replacement if goods from Eastern Washington are going to get to the  Port of Everett and out the door.   All of these things are investments, and with them come the  structures of things like at-grade crossings, passenger rail systems,  and safety that are huge, I believe, infrastructure investments that  have not been quite appreciated. I was very pleased to get Mr.  Buttigieg's commitment during our session with him that these things-- at-grade crossings, port competitiveness, and moving products safely-- should be a big priority for the future.   The Lander Street project in Seattle, which was an investment of the  new freight program, is just a few blocks, but literally, congestion  for hours had stopped traffic from getting from I-5 to the Port of  Seattle. The Lander Street project in a lot of ways represents what it  really is: a bridge to the future, a bridge to get people moving where  they need to go, and the right investment, being competitive for the  future. We are going to face many more delays if America doesn't remain  competitive.   So I look forward to working with Mr. Buttigieg on all of these  issues. He also, during the committee hearing process, committed that  he will continue to work with Senator Wicker and me on important issues  of aviation safety. He committed to us that he understood that aviation  safety and the FAA need to continue to make reforms. I believe that if  you want to be the leaders in aviation, you have to be the leaders in  aviation safety. I think Mayor Buttigieg understands that will be a  very big job of the Department of Transportation as well.   I enthusiastically support this nominee. I look forward to the type  of focus he can give to the Department of Transportation. This area of  our government right now needs to address the COVID crisis. It needs to  help us plan for a better transportation system of the future. It needs  to understand that this transportation infrastructure and investment in  these changes in these sectors--cars, planes, and passenger systems are  all very dynamic, changing industries, and so our competitiveness will  be at stake as well.   So I encourage my colleagues to support this nominee. I am sure we  will hear a lot of discussion from him and a lot of bipartisan effort  to help get our transportation system fully funded.   I yield the floor    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   