 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 8294, the  National Apprenticeship Act of 2020.   The programs being addressed in this bill support on the job  training, mentoring, and other assistance to help individuals gain  employment and build careers in high paying and/or high skilled  occupations. Registered Apprenticeships are our nation's most  successful federal workforce training program. According to the DOL, 94  percent apprentices are employed after completing a Registered  Apprenticeship and earn an average starting wage of $70,000. That  success is to be applauded.   Yet, this powerful tool can be improved. Just consider these two  facts: Registered Apprenticeships only account for 0.3 percent of our  workforce and nearly two-thirds of active apprentices are employed in  just one industry, construction. It's long past time we bring these  federal efforts into the 21st Century and expanding access to  apprenticeship opportunities is now especially important as we work to  build back our economy from the lasting effects of the COVID-19  pandemic.   Key provisions to me in this bill are the calls to strengthen equity  and promote equal opportunity to participate in youth apprenticeships,  pre-apprenticeships, and apprenticeships, especially for nontraditional  apprenticeship populations. Who are they? These are individuals who  have traditionally faced barriers to accessing these opportunities,  including low-income individuals, those with disabilities, foster youth  and former foster youth, and the formerly incarcerated, among others.   I don't have to tell you that low-income workers frequently face  barriers . . . as do those who were previously or recently  incarcerated. But we might remind ourselves ``[a] history of  incarceration does not disqualify a person's skills, initiative, or  humanity.'' Thanks to Chairman Scott and the sponsor of this  legislation, Chairwoman Susan Davis, among others for their efforts  that have resulted in the legislation before us today.   It recognizes that we need to keep working to ensure equal  opportunity for all to participate in these programs. Pre- apprenticeships and apprenticeships are key gateways to potentially  good paying careers. It's critical that we work to ensure that  populations that have barriers to entry into these programs and are  underrepresented. Inclusive workforce development practices will help  us achieve a more diverse workforce that leverages each individual's  talents, skills and abilities to determine their success, rather than  the barriers they may face.   My amendment, which is included in this en bloc, builds on the base  bill to ensure we do not forget populations that have traditionally  been underrepresented in these programs. This includes requiring  regular reviews by the federal government of participation by  nontraditional populations in these programs and assessing how these  programs increase participation of these populations, especially in  occupations where we know that their involvement is underrepresented.  My amendment would also ensure that federal coordination among a host  of programs serving low-income individuals helps to promote their  participation in the efforts supported by this bill.   It is estimated that the efforts in this bill could create nearly 1  million new apprenticeship opportunities in addition to expected growth  in the apprenticeship system. But it's not enough just to increase the  number of opportunities. We must expand access to the opportunities.   Truly expanding access to these opportunities for all, including  women, minorities, and other underrepresented and nontraditional  populations, will benefit not only the workers who we connect to  stable, good-paying jobs but also their communities.   I urge my colleagues to support this en bloc and the underlying bill.   