 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of a meaningful  and consequential piece of legislation, the Build Back Better Act.   This bill will strengthen our economy, create good-paying jobs, and  make extraordinary investments that will improve child care, education,  health care, child nutrition, and housing. Importantly, the legislation  will take critical steps to address the climate crisis.   This legislation is a significant victory for children, families,  caregivers, and early childhood educators. According to data from  Oregon State University, every county in my home state of Oregon was a  child care desert for infant and toddler care before the coronavirus  pandemic, meaning that there is only one spot for every three children  who need care. The $390 billion investment for early childhood care and  universal preschool in the Build Back Better Act is fundamental to the  long-term success and health of our kids and economy. These investments  will help millions of parents, overwhelmingly women, return to work.  Additionally, we will finally recognize the critical role of early  childhood educators by making sure they are paid a living wage.   We have also provided substantial investments in our students by  making higher education more affordable, including by increasing the  value of the Pell Grant and expanding federal financial aid to eligible  students with Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), temporary  protected status (TPS), and deferred enforced departure (DED) status.  To help students succeed in school and transition into a rewarding  career, the Build Back Better Act provides funding for retention and  completion grants. The bill also supports our teaching workforce by  investing in grant programs to help train new teachers and address the  teacher shortage. Additionally, the legislation also supports  communities of color through targeted investments in Historically Black  Colleges and Universities, Tribal Colleges and Universities, Hispanic- Serving Institutions and other Minority Serving Institutions.   As Chair of the Education and Labor Committee's Civil Rights and  Human Services Subcommittee, I know students will be better equipped to  succeed when they are no longer  [[Page H6665]]  worrying about their next meal. The Build Back Better Act provides nine  million more students free school meals through improving the Community  Eligibility Provision, which is a significant step toward ending  childhood hunger.   The Build Back Better Act provides for greater access to high- quality, affordable health care and lowers costs for many Americans,  especially our nation's seniors. The bill extends the enhanced  Affordable Care Act premium tax credits that were included in the  American Rescue Plan, and lowers the cost of prescription drugs by  finally allowing Medicare to negotiate prices for some drugs. The bill  expands Medicare to cover the cost of hearing aids and makes home  health care for elderly parents or loved ones with disabilities more  affordable and accessible. It also includes significant resources for  Older Americans Act meal programs and other senior services that I have  long championed, particularly those supporting LGBTQ+ seniors and other  underserved communities.   The bill will allow work authorization and provide important  protections from deportation for many immigrants who have been building  lives in this country and contributing to our communities for more than  a decade. The legislation will not provide the crucial path to  citizenship that I have been advocating for, but this is significant  progress that we can continue to build on.   Importantly, we are facing a code red climate emergency and the Build  Back Better Act is the most significant climate bill to come before the  U.S. House of Representatives. It provides long-term extensions for  renewable energy tax credits, and for the first time, energy storage  projects will qualify for investment tax credits. This bill also  invests $29 billion in nonprofit, state, and local institutions that  support rapid deployment of low- and zero-emission technologies, with a  particular focus on low-income communities that historically have not  received these types of investments. This legislation combats methane  emissions, which account for one-fifth of global greenhouse gas  emissions, by creating a methane emissions reduction program to  incentivize oil and gas companies to reduce their methane leaks.   The health of our ocean reflects the health of our planet. The Build  Back Better Act makes a significant investment by providing $6 billion  for habitat restoration projects to conserve, restore, and protect  coastal and marine habitats, increasing these ecosystems' resilience to  climate change. It also provides $500 million for National Oceanic and  Atmospheric Administration climate research to improve our  understanding of the interdependence of our nation's coasts, ocean,  weather, and climate. Although there is still tremendous work needed to  prevent national and global climate disaster, the Build Back Better Act  makes transformational and unprecedented investments in combating  climate change.   The Build Back Better Act will also improve conditions for working  Americans. It provides nearly $20 billion in funding for education and  career training opportunities for underemployed and dislocated workers  and fosters greater collaboration between industry, labor, nonprofits,  and educational institutions to equip workers with skills training and  post-training employment opportunities.   This bill will also support families when they need to take leave  from work. Currently, the U.S. is one of only six nations in the world  without a national paid leave program. The Build Back Better act brings  the United States in line with every other OECD country by providing  workers with four weeks of paid family leave for childbirth, major  illness recovery, and family caretaking responsibilities.   Oregonians have long experienced pronounced challenges from the lack  of affordable housing. The Build Back Better Act includes $150 billion  to build and upgrade affordable housing stock and enhance rental  assistance for low-income Americans. It also includes critical updates  to and expands the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit, which will further  incentivize affordable housing development. This funding will improve  housing affordability, support people experiencing homelessness, and  shrink the homeownership gap for people of color.   Data reported by the United States Census Bureau found that the Child  Tax Credit expansion that was included in the American Rescue Plan has  already slashed taxes for millions of families and contributed  significantly to reducing child hunger and housing insecurity. The  Build Back Better Act builds upon this success by extending the  enhanced Child Tax Credit for another year.   And finally, The Build Back Better Act is fully paid for by making  sure the wealthiest Americans and large corporations pay their fair  share in taxes.   The Build Back Better Act's historic investments will improve the  lives of families and individuals, create thousands of good-paying  jobs, and help our country rebuild after the devastating COVID-19  pandemic. And with the provisions to address the climate crisis, it  will help bring about a better, healthier, and more secure future for  Oregonians and Americans. For these reasons, I look forward to voting  in favor of this bill.   