 Then I would like to emphasize real-life activity  that comes about through the apprenticeship: HCC apprenticeship  students help build a new hospital.   Mr. Speaker, I don't think we are doing anything better today and  this week by providing for $3.5 billion in apprenticeship programs and  $10.6 billion in return to the United States. I ask my colleagues to  support this legislation and put Americans back to work.   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary,  on Homeland Security, on the Budget, and as a cosponsor, I rise in  strong support of H.R. 8294, the National Apprenticeship Act of 2020,  which invests more than $3.5 billion over 5 years in expanding  opportunities and access to Registered Apprenticeships, youth  apprenticeships, and pre-apprenticeships.   I thank my colleague and good friend, Congresswoman Susan Davis of  California and Chairman Bobby Scott for introducing this important  legislation that has the potential to yield $10.6 billion in net  benefits to U.S. taxpayers in the form of increased workers'  productivity and deceased spending on public-assistance programs and  unemployment insurance and which bring America's investments in  apprenticeship more in line with countries around the world.   Mr. Speaker, the Registered Apprenticeship (RAs) system is America's  most successful federally authorized workforce development program.   According to the Department of Labor, 94 percent of people who  complete RAs are employed upon completion, earning an average starting  wage of above $7,000 annually.   Yet, according to the most recent data, only 0.3 percent of the  overall workforce in America have completed an apprenticeship.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation could not be more timely because during  a time of record unemployment, the National Apprenticeship Act of 2020  invests more than $3.5 billion over 5 years in expanding opportunities  and access to Registered Apprenticeships, youth apprenticeships, and  pre-apprenticeships.   This legislation also creates an additional 1 million new  apprenticeship opportunities on top of the current expected growth of  the apprenticeship system, an investment that not only will pay off for  workers and employers, but also benefit the taxpayers.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is critical to expanding the nation's  workforce development system during our country's deepest economic  downturn since the Great Depression.   Specifically, the National Apprenticeship Act of 2020 Authorizes $400  million for fiscal year (FY) 2021, increasing $100 million annually to  $800 million for FY 2025, to support the creation or expansion of  registered apprenticeships, youth apprenticeships and pre- apprenticeships programs, including in non-traditional apprenticeship  occupations and for nontraditional populations.   This funding will also attract and encourage employer participation  and recruitment for individuals with barriers to employment, including  individuals impacted by the criminal justice system.   Additionally, to ensure that apprenticeship agreements and program  registration to ensure consistency in quality standards and worker  protections, H.R. 8294 codifies and streamlines standards for  registered apprenticeships, youth apprenticeship and pre-apprenticeship  programs.   Also, codified are the existing regulations and practices to ensure  that all individuals have an equal opportunity to participate in  programs under the national apprenticeship system, and to increase  diversity in the occupations offered and the individuals participating  in programs, especially in high-skill, high-wage, and in-demand  industry sectors and occupations.   The legislation institutionalizes, and establishes by statute, the  Department of Labor's (DOL) Office of Apprenticeship, and vests it with  the following roles and responsibilities:   1. Increasing participation in programs under the national  apprenticeship system through technical assistance and program  recognition activities;   2. Bringing together industry sector leaders and experts, including  employers, industry associations, joint labor-management organizations,  labor organizations, education and training providers, credential  providers, and apprentices to establish national frameworks to expand  apprenticeships to new occupations and sectors; and   3. Improving the data infrastructure to improve reporting and  publicly disseminating information about apprenticeship programs.   Another strong feature of this legislation is that it codifies the  roles and responsibilities of the State Apprenticeship Agencies (SAAs)  by:   1. Authorizing annual funding for State Apprenticeship Offices and  SAAs at $75 million for fiscal year (FY) 2021, increasing by $10  million annually to reach $15 million for FY 2025, with one-third of  funds equally distributed to all States and outlying areas, and two- thirds of funds distributed via formula to SAAs; and   2. Requiring SAAs to submit plans for registered apprenticeship  activities, which generally mirror existing state requirements under  the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act and the Carl D. Perkins  Career and Technical Education Act.   My concluding reason for supporting this important legislation is  that it strengthens the connections between the Department of Education  and Department of Labor through an interagency agreement to support the  creation and expansion of youth apprenticeships, college consortiums,  and data sharing agreements.   I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me  in voting for its passage.   