 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1192.  I was proud to introduce this bill with bipartisan support in the  House.   I would like to take this opportunity to thank Speaker of the House  Nancy Pelosi and Chairman Jerry Nadler for bringing this legislation to  the floor, and Mr. Bishop, the ranking member of the subcommittee, and  Senator Bob Menendez for introducing a companion bill in the Senate.   The Puerto Rico Recovery Accuracy in Disclosures Act of 2021, or  PRRADA, eliminates a double standard currently facing Puerto Rico.  Under U.S. Code and Federal bankruptcy procedure, any conflicts of  interest, or even the perception of such conflict, between those  working on the bankruptcy and the debtor are required to be disclosed.  However, a loophole in the current law prevents this requirement from  being extended to the people of Puerto Rico.   In 2016, Congress passed the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and  Economic Stability Act, or PROMESA, to set up an orderly bankruptcy  process to restructure its debt, stimulate economic development, and  put the island on a path to financial recovery. This bill will extend  current U.S. law, requiring disclosures of conflicts of interest to  Puerto Rico, thereby improving transparency and restoring confidence in  the island's future.   Puerto Ricans should be confident that the board's bankruptcy  advisers do not have their thumb on the scale to favor certain debts  where they have a self-interest. This bipartisan bill ensures integrity  of the PROMESA process.   While we can have different opinions on how effectively the oversight  board is carrying out its mission, one thing should be clear: The  island's residents should be entitled to the same rights and  protections as any debtor on the mainland.   Once more, I would like to thank Chairman Nadler, the staff, and the  bipartisan cosponsors of the bill. I strongly encourage all Members to  vote ``yes'' on this critical piece of legislation. I also would like  to recognize the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon),  who is a cosponsor of the bill.   