 Mr. President, I come to the floor to defend a woman's  right to choose. I am beyond frustrated that this debate is even  happening tonight. According to statistics from the Rape, Abuse, and  Incest National Network, there are over 433,000 victims of rape and  sexual assault on average  [[Page S6475]]  each year in the United States of America. They have found that every  73 seconds an American is sexually assaulted.   When someone wants to chip away at the rights of American women to  have access to healthcare, my State is going to take it personally. My  State has codified Roe v. Wade into law. They have fought for these  rights in a vote by the people of our State in the 1990s. So with a  process today that is unfolding here in the Senate where someone wants  to roll back those rights and propose a different way of life in the  United States of America, we women are going to fight back.   The truth is, the majority of Americans support a woman's right to  choose. The majority of States support a woman's right to choose, in  what their public believes. It is a minority and a minority on this  floor who does not support that and would love to have a judicial  process that shortcuts active debate about the issues that are in the  mainstream views of Americans. These statistics and these issues are  almost 50 years of law about a healthcare delivery system that allows a  woman to make this choice. It is from those statistics I just read you.  There are darn good reasons they want to make those choices.   The fact that people have been out here characterizing this debate  and going back in history and talking about all of these things that  have happened to previous judicial nominees--yes. Yes, there has been a  lot of back-and-forth. But the main point is, the other side of the  aisle wants to nominate people who are out of the mainstream view of  America.   Any of my colleagues who came here and tried to argue that Judge  Barrett and her views are in the mainstream, I guarantee you, the  judiciary process that we had with the Senate Judiciary Committee  definitely did not prove that. In fact, the President's words and the  actions of this body in nominating people whose views are out of the  mainstream--because this is 50 years of settled law, and you are trying  to override it by putting somebody on the Supreme Court who will say  otherwise.   Adding insult to injury to this whole process is the fact that we are  not really doing our day job. We are not dealing with the economic  crisis that is facing America. I am a little tired of that too. I am a  little tired of every time we have a debate about our economy--whether  it was the fiscal cliff or the big budget deal or last year's budget  deal or any budget deal--we never can deal with our economy because the  other side of the aisle wants an amendment to take away a woman's right  to choose and limit it.   I couldn't even get language in the last COVID package to get Boeing  workers more training programs because the Republicans were so  concerned that the definition of a new healthcare proposal had to have  a Hyde amendment attached to it because otherwise they couldn't support  it because it is so Richter scale on our side of the aisle.   I will give my colleagues on the other side of the aisle--there are  about 10 States that basically have a population that only 40 percent  or maybe even less support a woman's right to choose. I get it. That is  a hard State to come and represent here if the courts have already  determined that this is settled law. It might be hard for you. But the  majority of Americans and the majority of the States and the courts  have already decided this.   Yes, you are going to continue to pursue judicial nominees who are  out of the mainstream of the American people, and you are doing so  instead of your day job--focusing on the economy of the United States  during a COVID pandemic.   It wasn't surprising that this summer, as we were on recess, the  Seattle Times said: What is happening? Wall Street is flourishing, but  Main Street is struggling.   Basically, they raised a question while everyone was at home: What  are we going to come do about the economic situation? We know we have  had tremendous loss. Forty percent of restaurants are at risk of  remaining closed and remaining closed permanently. We know that one in  five small businesses could be closed by 2021--a devastating impact to  our economy--and we know that 25 percent of those businesses need  additional resources to survive.   All of those things were known, and they were known all summer long,  and nobody wanted to discuss them because the other side didn't want to  get serious about a robust package. The package they put on the floor  so they could go home and say a week before the election ``Here is what  we tried to vote on'' did not take care of small businesses that got  left out.   It certainly didn't talk about the minority businesses that needed  access to capital. The last bill did a decent job of helping businesses  that had a connection to a banker, but if you didn't have a connection  to a banker, you didn't get as much help. We should have sat down and  fixed this.   We should have sat down and made sure that we were fixing what needed  to be fixed to help our economy in the midst of a COVID pandemic, but,  no, true to form to the other side of the aisle, it is way more  important to go after a woman's right to choose. That is way more  important than these economic issues   I am going to tell you that we are not going to lower our voices on  the importance of our economy or how important it is to help women. We  are not going to sit silently and talk about a minimal economic package  to help American businesses. We are going to talk about what American  businesses need, and we are going to talk about how we can help protect  a woman's right to choose.   The nominee before us--I have listened to many speeches today. She  has tremendous intellect. She does have tremendous intellect.  Apparently, that is a strong suit of the President of the United  States. He has strong intellect. Yet I have seen the most major assault  on the rule of law by anybody in an administration in my time in the  U.S. Senate--throwing out fact-based decisions, not guaranteeing due  process, not making sure that we have freedom of the press, corrupt  government officials whom they won't even get rid of, not supporting  civil rights that should be enforced at the Federal level. It is not an  issue to be left to the States. The Attorney General of the United  States and the Members of this body should enforce the civil liberties  of Americans. It is not an issue to ignore, and you certainly don't  call out the military when they want to express their opinion and  concern about this issue.   The President of the United States has a long record. He has great  intellect, but he has run over the rule of law, and he has set a  precedent for other people in his administration also not to follow the  rule of law.   What I find so challenging about Judge Barrett's record and the  issues before us is that women's issues and these issues that we face  that are so important for us to get done are about a woman's access to  healthcare. I can't even imagine going back to Griswold v.  Connecticut--a time when we had to fight just to have contraception.  That is what the privacy rights were all about. It was about a Court  that decided and found in our Constitution that in multiple places,  there are a penumbra of rights that give a privacy right to a woman to  control her own body. Those privacy rights are about my constitutional  rights. They are about what is guaranteed to me in the Constitution. It  is about our finding out whether a nominee is going to hold them up,  particularly at a time when we have had almost 50 years of laws that  have protected those rights.   People want to have a rushed 30-day session--beginning to end--speed- court nominating in the Mansfield Room instead of hearing from groups  and organizations about their concerns on this nominee. That is just  not good for our overall system, it is not good for the issues that we  face moving forward, and it is certainly not good for women in the  United States of America.   I do not appreciate the rush to confirm Judge Barrett. Given my  State--yes, my State codifying Roe v. Wade into statute in 1990 makes  me a pretty active person who wants to see a judiciary that upholds  that. I want to see and understand where this nominee is.   But anyone who comes to the floor and says that she is in the  mainstream views Americans when we know what her views have been in  opposition to Roe v. Wade and, as I said, having Griswold v.  Connecticut be a correctly decided decision--even Justices Thomas,  [[Page S6476]]  Alito, and Roberts have said it was correctly decided. Judge Barrett is  out of the mainstream by not saying that.   She has been critical of the Affordable Care Act and its issues that  we want so much to cover preexisting conditions. She refused to say  whether Medicare and Social Security were constitutional; this issue of  same-sex marriage, where two in three Americans support this; and  refusing to say whether she thinks the Lawrence v. Texas decision,  which struck down a law criminalizing consensual gay sex, was correctly  decided.   These are issues about whether we are going to move forward as a  nation with laws that people have come to expect and that they planned  their lives around.   There are healthcare institutions all across the United States--even  in States that don't fully support a woman's right to choose--that are  delivering healthcare to women, and we are going to start down a  process of taking those away?   Then there are some people who represent, on the other side of the  aisle, States that are at 50 percent or 60 percent in support of a  woman's right to choose. They are going to rationalize in their head  that, oh, well, somehow I don't know where exactly Judge Barrett is  going to be on these issues, or, I didn't get a confirmation that she  truly believes that they are settled law, and I believe in the penumbra  of rights in the Constitution.   When you say you believe in the penumbra of rights in the  Constitution, you are saying you believe in my constitutional right to  privacy. You say you believe that I have the right to make my own  healthcare decisions.   With a few days before the election and a Supreme Court case in  California v. Texas, where the ACA and other healthcare decisions are  going to be on the table, it is not good enough to not understand the  judicial philosophy of this nominee and whether that is in the  mainstream views of people in the United States of America. Too much is  at risk--too much that we deserve to know the answers to.   I am glad my colleague from Delaware brought up Justice Ginsburg's  quote because that says it all. Everybody keeps saying that she didn't  have to say anything, that she didn't take notes, that she is all good,  that she didn't have to say anything. That is not what it is all about.  That is not what Judge Ginsburg said. Judge Ginsburg told people  exactly what she believed. She told people that she believed in a  woman's right to choose. As my colleague from Delaware said, she told  people that these issues were too important to a woman. So I don't  understand, when Justice Ginsburg basically clarified what she  believed, why Judge Barrett wouldn't clarify what her judicial  philosophy is.    It is worth reading again.   Justice Ginsburg said that the decision of whether or not to bear a  child is central to a woman's life, to her well-being, to her dignity.  It is a decision she must make for herself, and when government  controls that decision for her, she is being treated as less than a  full human who is responsible for her own choices.   These women who have been the subject of the most heinous acts--and  all women--deserve to make their own healthcare choices. We in this  body should not be making this decision at this moment. We should be  taking care of our COVID problem, moving forward with solutions that  will help the American people, and letting them respond to this issue.  This issue will continue.   I just ask my colleagues to think about what has already happened  with the Affordable Care Act. Those States that didn't want to support  the Affordable Care Act and didn't support the Affordable Care Act  later, after it passed, then implemented it. A few States, just  recently, made the switch and covered more people under Medicaid.   What you are really doing is holding your States back from having  access to healthcare. Eventually, as I said, the general public in the  majority of States will support a woman's right to choose. Eventually,  this will be settled, with every State supporting this. The question  is, How long are you going to hold up the healthcare choices of people  in the United States?   I ask my colleagues to turn down this nomination. I ask my colleagues  to stop nominating people who are out of the mainstream of the American  view on healthcare, which is so important to their daily lives.   I yield my remaining postcloture time to the Democratic leader.   