 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him and Mr. Thornberry for their leadership in bringing this  legislation to the floor in a strong bipartisan way.   I am proud to support the 2021 National Defense Authorization Act  that honors our values, strengthens our security, and advances our  leadership in the world.   I, again, salute Chairman Smith. I congratulate Ranking Member  Thornberry for his service in the Congress. I know this legislation is  named for him. That is pretty exciting for all of us. I don't know if  it is for him, but it is exciting for the rest of us.   I thank the members of the committee for their patriotic, persistent  leadership on this legislation; it reflects the brilliance and the  collaboration we can have. Nearly half the members contributed to parts  of this bill.   While we would have liked to have seen the House version of this  legislation, we can all take pride that the NDAA, again, will  strengthen our national security for years to come.   I am particularly pleased with some of the issues in the bill that  are supportive of our troops. This NDAA, Mr. Speaker, incorporates key  Democratic priorities, including supporting our troops' financial  security, authorizing a long-overdue pay raise and hazard duty pay,  extending paid parental leave to civilian employees who had not been  included, and providing long-overdue benefits to Vietnam-era veterans  exposed to Agent Orange.   This issue has been an issue for a long time in our country and in  this Congress, and it needed some expansion. I am glad in this  legislation the exposure extends to hypothyroidism, bladder cancer, and  Parkinson's. If you are there and you have this, it is connected.   Mr. Speaker, I am personally interested in this because many years  ago, before I was in Congress, in our community in California, we had a  big--in LA, actually, we had a big hunger strike by Vietnam vets over  Agent Orange. This was, like, 35 years ago, long before Congress acted  on this. They were on a hunger strike, and I went to be sympathetic and  show support. I was chair of the California Democratic Party at the  time.   Dick Gregory came. Dick Gregory had been on many hunger strikes for  one thing or another, civil rights, this and that. He taught them that,  if you are on a hunger strike, you must shower, you must hydrate,  hydrate, hydrate; telling them how not to make themselves sick because  they were on a hunger strike, but to control that damage.   I was particularly pleased to be there with Dick Gregory because my  brother and he served in the Army in Texas together. In those days-- that was in the fifties, a long time ago--my brother was Dick Gregory's  friend, at a time when there wasn't so much, shall we say, integration  among the troops. So we had that personal connection.   Then, once again, with our Vietnam-era vets, when it came to Agent  Orange. So I commend you all personally, patriotically, and in every  way for taking care of our vets there.   Then the families, defending their health and well-being and that of  their families, improving housing and access to childcare, improving  pandemic response, protecting military communities from dangerous PFAS  chemicals, and addressing sexual assault in the military.   Jackie Speier has been such a champion on that issue, and I thank her  for that.   Combating our adversaries and investing in our allies with important  tools to deter China and Russia, fight transnational threats, and  further strengthening our partnership with Israel.   Bringing our defense further into the 21st century with reforms to  make the Pentagon more efficient and innovative, important bipartisan  provisions on artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and key  investments in military construction and base realignment.   This NDAA is momentous in this respect, as Congress comes together on  a bipartisan and bicameral basis to begin the process of changing the  names of military bases and infrastructure named after individuals who  served in the Confederacy.   Mr. Speaker, it is important to know that this isn't names of things  that, oh, my gosh, later we found out that so-and-so did this and that,  that was so wrong. This was a decision made to name these bases after  people, White supremacists, and those who were part of the Confederacy.  The men for whom these bases were named are not heroes. They are named  for traitors who took up arms against America and killed American  soldiers in defense of slavery.   As I have said before, there is no room for celebrating the violent  bigotry of the men of the Confederacy in any place of honor across our  country, whether in the hallowed Halls of the United States Capitol or  on our military bases.   Changing the hateful names of these bases is supported by an  overwhelming majority of the American people, by our Active Duty  servicemen and -women, and by top military leaders.   And now the President has threatened to veto this legislation. I hope  not. I hope not. This bipartisan policy bill has been signed into law  for 59 consecutive years. Let us urge the President to a show respect  for the work of the bipartisan, bicameral Congress, and for the  sacrifice of our military.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan vote for this legislation,  which upholds our values, honors our troops, and keeps the America  people safe. And I hope that it will be swiftly signed into law.   I just want to make the further point that the strength of our  Nation, of course, depends on our strength that we are talking about  here, but it also depends on the health and well-being of the American  people. So as we have our budget debate and the rest, let us recognize  that the health and well-being of the American people, whether it is  the education of our children, the security of our economy, and the  rest, and so many other aspects of our budgeting here, that this is one  element of the strength of our country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote. I congratulate Mr. Thornberry for  his namesake bill, and I acknowledge the great leadership of our chair,  Adam Smith. I want to also acknowledge Anthony Brown, who did such a  tremendous piece of work on the base renamings.   