 Mr. Speaker, I rise today during National Police Week to  honor the life U.S. Capitol Police Officer Howie Liebengood. Howie  served as a Capitol police officer for 15 years and before that as a  Senate page. He continued a 50-year family legacy of service to the  Senate, following in the footsteps of his father, a former Senate  Sergeant at Arms.   Howie died by suicide on January 9, after working around the clock in  the days following the January 6 insurrection, defending our Capitol  and the Members, staff, workers, journalists, and others inside of it.  There is no doubt that Howie would still be with us today but for the  events on and immediately following January 6.   And yet, the leaders Howie served under at the Capitol Police still  refuse to acknowledge his tragic loss as a line-of-duty death, despite  his heroic sacrifice on that day and in the days that followed. Howie's  widow, Serena, and his family deserve better.   Our Capitol Police deserve better, too. The PTSD and trauma of  January 6 and April 2 are still prevalent for U.S. Capitol police  officers. The reluctance many officers feel asking for help is real as  well. Leadership is failing these officers when they refuse to validate  the pain of that trauma and the tragic consequences it can lead to.   That is why we must provide U.S. Capitol police officers with the  resources they need to take care of themselves and to fight the stigma  not only for them, but for law enforcement officers around the country  to know that it is okay to ask for help.   According to a report from the nonprofit Blue H.E.L.P., the number of  officers who died by suicide in recent years has outpaced those killed  in the line of duty.   It is incumbent on us as lawmakers to end the stigma around law  enforcement mental health and to give these officers the support they  need in times of crisis. We must thank them not just with our words,  but with our actions.   I have been working with my colleagues and with the Liebengood family  to honor Howie's legacy of service to our Capitol community. To Serena,  his family, and all those who knew and loved Howie, I hope it brings  you some solace to know that Howie's life and sacrifice will never be  forgotten by those of us here who he gave his life to protect.   