 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Jackson  Lee for yielding and also for her tremendous work in advancing this  bill to the floor, and also to Chairman Nadler and his support for this  legislation. Also, I want to thank and acknowledge Representatives  Richmond, Fudge, and Pressley for their tremendous leadership and  vision for putting this bill together, and I am in strong support of  it.   Mr. Speaker, this morning I thought about our beloved John Lewis and  how he made good trouble all of his life. He was an original cosponsor  of this bill, and this bill is an example of how we make good trouble  to end discrimination.   This bill will prohibit, finally, discrimination based on an  individual's style or texture of hair, commonly associated with the  race or national origin in the definition of racial discrimination. It  is really hard for me to believe that we have to introduce this bill in  the 21st century, and so I just want to thank our advocates who have  worked so hard to bring this bill to the floor.   As one who has worn her hair as I chose, including natural, I have  had many unpleasant encounters with people who told me I did not look  like a Member of Congress because of my hair, over and over again.  Discrimination against African Americans in schools and in the  workplace is real, and it is a continued barrier to equality in our  country.   Black men and women continue to face workplace stereotypes and are  pressured to adopt White standards of beauty and professionalism. Our  daughters are penalized in school for natural hairstyles deemed as  messy and unruly in juxtaposition to the treatment of their White  counterparts. That is a fact.   Students have been humiliated and suspended for having beautifully  braided extensions or forced to cut their locks before a high school  wrestling match because it was a violation of some dress code. And  across the country people of African descent have been required to cut  or change the natural style or texture of their hair just to get a job.   Now, when I was in college, in the day, I was told that I looked too  militant and should change my hairstyle if I wanted to be successful in  the workplace.   In 2014, the women of the Congressional Black Caucus urged the Army  to rescind Army regulations--and Congresswoman Jackson Lee signed my  letter--this was regulation 670-1, which prohibited many hairstyles  worn by African-American women and other  [[Page H4596]]  women of color. After months of building support, I led an amendment  and it was included in the fiscal year 2015 Defense Appropriations Bill  to ban funding for this discriminatory rule. A few years later, the  United States Navy removed their discriminatory policy.    Mr. Speaker, with reference to the amendment  that I got into the fiscal year 2015 Defense Appropriations Bill  funding, to deny funding for this discriminatory rule. We moved  forward, and later the U.S. Navy removed their discriminatory policy.  They knew it was discriminatory, and finally permitted women,  specifically women of color, to wear their hair in dreadlocks, large  buns, braids, and ponytails.   This laid the groundwork for my home State, California, to become the  first State to ban discrimination against African Americans for wearing  natural hairstyles at school or in the workplace with the passage of  California's CROWN Act. And I am thankful and so proud of Senator Holly  Mitchell for her bold leadership in getting this done.   We owe it to our children to take action in Congress to break down  these barriers and make sure that they know that, yes, Black is still  beautiful. And, yes, Mr. Speaker, Ms. Jackson Lee's crown and braids  are beautiful.   Our young people see that with this bill we don't want them to be  penalized. And they are being penalized if they wear their hair like I  wear my hair or like Congresswoman Jackson Lee wears her hair, they are  penalized.    Mr. Speaker, I want to make the point how  important this is to let our young children know that it is okay and  that we honor them for being who they are by wearing their hair the way  that they choose. They won't be penalized. They won't be kicked out of  school. They won't be dehumanized or demeaned by just doing that. It is  finally time, in this 21st century, to say enough is enough.   