 Mr. Speaker, as we continue the fight to help our  constituents and all Americans as they face the devastating coronavirus  crisis, I am voting today in strong support of H.R. 266, The Paycheck  Protection Program and Healthcare Enhancement Act, to help protect  American families, workers, and small businesses.   Democrats successfully fought to improve today's interim emergency  relief package by ensuring greater access for small businesses in  underserved areas, and by successfully adding billions more in funding  for testing, hospitals, and the PPE for health care workers who are  caring for those infected by the coronavirus.   For small businesses, this final agreement strengthens the Paycheck  Protection Program with $310 billion in additional funding, more than  the $250 billion initially requested. Democrats were able to set aside  $60 billion to help unbanked and underserved businesses get access to  PPP funding, including minority-owned businesses, urban and rural  businesses, small ``mom-and-pop'' businesses,  [[Page H1952]]  and smaller nonprofits. This $60 billion includes $30 billion for  community-based lenders and small banks and credit unions, and another  $30 billion for medium-sized banks and credit unions. The agreement  also expands small business support beyond PPP by securing $50 billion  for Small Business Administration disaster lending, which translates  into more than $350 billion in loans, and $10 billion in SBA disaster  grants.   For hospitals and health care workers, Democrats secured $75 billion  to help pay for Personal Protective Equipment and other resources. The  Trump Administration has also agreed to key improvements to be made in  CARES 2, including significantly lowering the interest rate on advance  payments, lengthening the repayment schedule, and distributing payments  from general revenues instead of the Hospital Insurance Fund.   For all Americans, we added $25 billion for testing, which is pivotal  to reopening the economy and resuming our lives. The Trump  Administration has agreed to a national strategic testing policy  focused on increasing domestic testing capacity, including testing  supplies.   I am also voting today to establish a bipartisan House Select  Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis, which will help ensure we fight  this pandemic with an efficient, effective, and science-based federal  response which saves lives and spends taxpayer dollars wisely.   The legislation we pass today will protect countless American lives  and livelihoods.   However, we have much more to do. Next, we must pass a CARES 2 Act  that builds on the bipartisan CARES Act we passed last month, so we can  keep helping our families, workers, and small businesses to stay safe,  stay healthy, and make ends meet.   And because the Trump Administration made the unconscionable decision  to reject more funding for state, local, and tribal governments so they  can pay their essential workers, we must redouble our commitment to  include that funding in CARES 2. If governments cannot pay first  responders, transportation personnel, and other crucial workers, we are  all put at grave risk.   In these troubling times, the American people are looking to Congress  for support, guidance, and leadership in the fight against the  insidious COVID-19 virus. Today, tomorrow, and every day, I will  continue to do all I can to keep my constituents and my country safe,  and to provide the resources needed for the development of a vaccine  that will defeat this virus for good.   