 Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleagues for  joining me on the floor today. It is clear that America is facing two  separate, very different paths.   Last Thursday, the Democrats in this Chamber blocked much needed  assistance to families and small businesses struggling to make ends  meet amidst the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, and they did it for one  reason only--politics. Our friends across the aisle didn't want to  provide $15 billion in childcare, more than $250 billion of additional  Paycheck Protection Program loans for small businesses, $105 billion  for schools, and $20 billion for farmers.   While this aid is vital to my fellow Iowans, it would have helped  families and communities all across the Nation, in red and blue States.  There is no denying that the damage being caused by this pandemic is  real. Businesses are being shut down, schools are being closed, and  lives are being lost. Yet this toll is apparently not enough for the  other side to set politics aside, even momentarily, to come together  and help our fellow citizens with their daily struggles.   This senseless obstruction is leaving Iowa families to fend for  themselves when they most need a helping hand. In so many ways, this  represents the distinct difference between the two political parties at  this very moment.   While Senate Republicans are leading efforts to get America back up  and running and guarantee opportunities for everyone, Democrats are  embracing obstruction and anarchy.   Following the murder of George Floyd by Minneapolis police, my friend  Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina introduced legislation to tackle  police reform in a meaningful way. The bill he proposed would have  enacted long overdue policies, such as finally making lynching a  Federal crime, ending the use of police choke holds, expanding the use  of body cameras by law enforcement, and increasing other forms of  transparency and accountability.   Yet despite the impassioned pleas of Americans across the country  demanding justice for George Floyd and other African-Americans who have  died in police custody, Democrats blocked the Senate from even debating  Senator Scott's thoughtful police reform bill this past summer.   Shouldn't we all be able to agree, regardless of our party  affiliation, that Congress needs to take action to guarantee that no  American should fear walking on the streets, especially in their own  neighborhood? That guarantee should include people of color and  peaceful protesters, as well as our law enforcement officers doing  their jobs.   As a consequence of the Democrats' obstruction, the streets in some  of America's great cities have descended into a state of chaos and  lawlessness, immersed in violence and vandalism, arson and murder.   When taxpayers turn to their elected leaders--whether for assistance  to provide for their families during a pandemic, for protection from  unfair policing practices, or for simple safety when walking down the  street--the Democrats have responded with silence and inaction.   Even when I attempted to call up a bill to reauthorize the Violence  Against Women Act--a bill that is very personal to me and that also had  bipartisan support--the Democrats objected to that bill as well. And  the same was true for my commonsense bill, Sarah's Law, which would  hold illegal immigrants who harm or murder an American citizen  accountable.   It is no wonder that folks across this country are so frustrated with  Washington and fed up with politicians. Folks, just one friendly  reminder: Our country's direction will soon be decided by her people.  America must now choose between two paths to take into the future, and  that choice could not be starker.   At a time when we need leadership and reassurance, the Democrats are  instead offering obstruction, lockdowns, and anarchy. Our friends  across the aisle are actually promising--folks, they are promising--to  increase taxes on hardworking Americans and even promising to defund  the police. That is right, folks. You get to pay more taxes in exchange  for less safety and security. That doesn't sound like a good deal to  me.   Speaking of bad bargains, you can expect the Democrats to pass their  Green New Deal if they are given the chance.  [[Page S5634]]  This radical environmental plan would destroy our very way of life in  Iowa.   The roadmap offered by Republicans is much brighter, to say the  least: reopening America safely; real reforms to end excessive use of  force by police without putting the safety of everyone at risk by  defunding the police; building upon the successful pro-growth policies  that created the greatest economy and historically low unemployment  rates for every demographic; and bringing the jobs that were exported  under the previous administration back to America and ending our  dependency on foreign nations like Red China.   Folks, with our country and the world facing one of the greatest  health and economic emergencies in history, we simply cannot risk our  recovery on the radical designs of the Democrats. Let's pursue the path  towards a renewed United States of America that guarantees safety and  greater opportunities for every citizen to pursue the American dream.   I yield the floor.   