 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2420, as  amended.   H.R. 2420 would establish the National Museum of the American Latino  in the Smithsonian Institution and begin the process of bringing bricks  and mortar reality to the dream of having a museum dedicated to telling  another part of the American story.   The genesis of this museum dates to 1994 and a Smithsonian task force  report titled ``Willful Neglect: The Smithsonian Institution and U.S.  Latinos.'' This report found a serious underrepresentation of Latinos  and their contributions to our history at the Smithsonian.   In 2008 a commission was established to study the need for a museum.  In 2011, the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of the National  Museum of the American Latino issued its report. The Commission  reported that ``the time has come for the creation of a new museum on  the National Mall'' that ``reflects the contributions of Latinos to  every aspect of American History and Culture.''   In February, I was pleased to chair a hearing examining this and  other opportunities for growth at the Smithsonian. At that hearing, our  colleague and sponsor of this legislation, Representative Jose Serrano  testified that ``Latinos have left an indelible mark on our nation's  history and helped shape it in ways that most Americans, and even many  in our own community, are unaware. We have served in every war since  the American Revolution, fighting bravely and paying a heavy price on  behalf of our Nation. We write award-winning Broadway plays and films.  We are sports heroes and legends. We have been on the frontlines of the  fights for civil rights. We have shaped the music we all dance to, the  food we eat, and countless other staples of American life.   But Latino art and history is noticeably absent from recognition in  many cultural institutions across the Nation, including the  Smithsonian. To deny the telling of these stories not only does a  disservice to our contributions and sacrifices, but also renders  American history incomplete. There is no doubt that without the  significant contributions of Latinos, the country we know today would  be much different.''   Passage of the measure before us is just the next step in this  journey. But it is a critical one. I will remind my colleagues that  these projects, even once authorized, take many years to complete. The  legislation authorizing the National Museum of African American History  and Culture was enacted in 2003, and that wonderful museum opened its  doors in 2016.   At the hearing in February I noted that I represent San Jose and  Santa Clara county. San Jose is home to northern California's largest  Mexican American community. For years, I have seen firsthand how this  community, and all of the communities in my district embody the  American experience, and the stories that each tell make the story of  America richer and more complete.   Later today we will say honor the life of our colleague, the late  Representative John Lewis. At the 50th anniversary of the March on  Washington, John said ``We are one people; we are only family. We are  all living in the same house--not just the American house but the world  house. And when we finally accept these truths, then we will be able to  fulfill Dr. King's dream to build a beloved community, a nation, and a  world at peace with itself.''   Telling the stories of Latino Americans is necessary part of building  a beloved community.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2420 and take the next step in  this important journey.   