 Madam President, I come to the floor to talk about the  civil rights of all Americans and ask my colleagues to vote for a  process today that will lead to laws that will protect those civil  rights. Unfortunately, the motion to proceed to predetermined  legislation is just a predetermined outcome for a weak bill.   There is no agreement today by the majority leader and the minority  leader on a bipartisan bill. Everyone around here knows the way to get  good bipartisan legislation. It starts with a committee process that is  open and public and an amendment process. You can, and we have, done  things like we did with COVID, where we get a bipartisan group of  members together to discuss legislation and put something before  Congress. Or you could bring up a bipartisan bill on the Senate floor.  But that is not what is happening. That is not what is happening.   What is happening is a predetermined process to get a bill that is  not good enough for the American people. Voting yes is just an attempt  to dictate a weak outcome when what America wants more than anything  else is justice. They want justice, guaranteed by a strong Federal  response. Leader McConnell said, in talking about the Republican  efforts, ``it would encourage smart reforms of law enforcement without  steamrolling states and local communities' constitutional powers.''  Elsewhere, he said Democrats want to overreach, ``Federalize all of the  issues.''   Well, with all due respect to the majority leader, it is called the  Federal Civil Rights Act for a reason. It wasn't right to deny Rosa  Parks a seat on a bus when she was fighting for her Constitutional  rights. It wasn't right to deny African Americans access to hotels or  lunch counters when they were fighting for their civil rights. It  wasn't right to use police dogs on Black women trying to register to  vote in 1964 in Mississippi when they were fighting for their voting  rights. I guarantee you, it is not good enough and would not be good  enough to give them 75 percent here. Rosa Parks was not looking for 75  percent; she was looking for someone to uphold her rights.   I spoke last night with one of my constituents, Stan Barer, who  worked for Senator Warren Magnuson. As a staffer, he drafted the  Accommodations Clause of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as one of his  first jobs on the Senate Commerce Committee. Can you imagine coming to  the U.S. Senate as a young lawyer and getting a job on the Commerce  Committee and the first thing you have to do is draft the  Accommodations Clause of the Civil Rights Act of 1964?   I can tell you what he told me. He said: Advocates then tried to  minimize the Federal role. That is what we are hearing today, minimize  the Federal role. Where would we be if President Kennedy had taken that  approach? He fought for equal protection under the law for access to  education and to end discrimination and segregation when Southern  Governors wouldn't do so. There is a Federal role in protecting the  civil liberties of all Americans, and we should not be abdicating it  today with this vote.   Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1871 after the Civil War when  Black Americans faced violence from the KKK and White supremacists in  Southern States. It gave them the right to seek relief in Federal court  when their Constitutional rights were deprived by someone acting in  official capacity. It is those same civil rights that we should be  upholding today, upholding those rights--making sure that there is not  police brutality. That is what the U.S. Department of Justice is  supposed to do. It is supposed to fight to uphold those rights. But we  know we have a problem because President Trump and Attorney General  Barr have repeatedly abdicated those responsibilities, have failed to  uphold those civil rights. Because as the top law enforcement officer  in the land, Attorney General Barr could be directing and supervising  U.S. attorneys and prosecuting those Federal crimes as violations of  civil rights.   Well, I know that that is what President Obama did. I know that he  worked hard to make sure the U.S. DOJ Civil Rights Division oversaw  pattern and practices of police abuses and entered a number of consent  decrees with major cities, including in my State. Yes, the Attorney  General is supposed to uphold the Fourth Amendment protections against  unreasonable seizure and the civil rights laws that protect against  excessive use of force. But that is not what is happening. Under the  Trump administration and Attorney General Barr, the U.S. Department of  Justice Civil Rights Division police practice group has been reduced to  half. It has not opened a major pattern or practice investigation, and  Trump and his administration have been pulling away from this important  role. It started with Jeff Sessions. Jeff Sessions made it harder to  reach consent decrees with cities. So instead of playing the Federal  role that we are supposed to play, we have an administration that is  enabling bad practices to continue by not stopping them.   So, yes, there is a Federal role, there is a Federal role here today,  just as there is with voting rights, just as there is with access to  public places, just as there is with education and fighting  discrimination. In fact, I think that is the central question of this  debate. Are we going to have a strong Federal role in protecting the  Constitutional rights of all Americans to prevent excessive force by  police? It is pretty basic. We want to see a law that says that choke  holds should be banned. We are not looking for 75 percent, we are not  looking for study and analysis, we are looking to protect the  Constitutional rights of all Americans.   So it is no surprise that the NAACP and Urban League have said that  this legislation that our colleagues have proposed on the other side of  the aisle does not meet the moment to end racial justice. I ask my  colleagues, when are we going to? Maybe the information age has laid  bare for us and all our eyes to see that this problem has to be  resolved.   Are we going to uphold the Fourth Amendment rights against  unreasonable seizure and the civil rights protecting against excessive  use of force  [[Page S3168]]  by police? Are we going to uphold the rights of all Americans, or just  some Americans? I would say to my colleagues, if we are not upholding  all the Americans' rights, then we aren't really upholding America's  civil rights. We have to ask ourselves, what moment are we living in  when somebody thinks 75 percent is enough, and it is study and  analysis, when we are talking about protecting the rights of all  Americans?   My mom has been ill and so I've been spending a lot of time with her  talking about family history, talking about this moment in our history,  and she told me a story of how she was a young girl. She was born in  1932, so you can imagine the era that she lived through. But she told  me when her older brother got to go to school, she got to stay home and  ride his tricycle, so she thought that was the best. You know, he  started kindergarten, she could ride his tricycle up and down the  alley. And she met a woman, an African-American woman, who became her  friend--her first real friend as a young child.   And she got to know that woman so well that my grandparents, in the  neighboring building, helped with an election and saw that people were  lining up to vote. White people were allowed to come into the building  and be warm, but the African-American people had to stay outside in the  cold and wouldn't be allowed to come into the building to vote, a great  discouragement. Thank God my grandfather went out and built a bonfire  and then left to go to work.   But when you look at the history of our country--and we still see  voter suppression issues today--that is why we have to ask ourselves  the fundamental question. When it comes to the civil rights of  Americans, a report, 75 percent, is not enough. A clear line ending  excessive abuse and declaring choke holds illegal is where we need to  be.   I ask my colleagues to turn down this measure on a weak,  predetermined path and get a real bipartisan effort and uphold the  civil liberties of Americans because, I guarantee you, America really  is watching.   I yield the floor.   