 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlemen for allowing me  the privilege of joining my brothers and sisters in the Hispanic Caucus  for really a moment of history in this historic legislation authored by  our dear friend, Congressman Serrano from New York, the National Museum  of the American Latino Act.   Madam Speaker, I have watched Congressman Serrano for all the years  that he has served, and I do want to take this moment to say what an  honor to have been able to serve with him.   He walked among giants as a civil rights activist in this Congress.  You could always count on his voice for upholding civil rights and  justice, and his leadership on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and  Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee is well evident. I thank  him again for his leadership.   In the opening findings of this legislation, it says: ``The United  States is a symbol of democracy, freedom, and economic opportunity  around the world, and the legacy of Latinos is deeply rooted in the  very fabric of the history, democracy, freedom, and economic  opportunity of the United States.''   It is long overdue for our memory to be able to reflect that that is  true across this Nation.   I have had the privilege in Texas to count as some very dear friends  the entire Hispanic-Latin community, and it is in their name so many  heroes and sheroes in our community walked alongside so many of us for  justice of any kind.   I have had the privilege of going with members of the Hispanic Caucus  to fight against the devastation and dastardly acts of children in  cages and human beings in cages and disrespecting those who would want  to be equal in this Nation.   In addition, I have seen the soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan who  wore the uniform whose family members were yet not citizens of the  United States.   I fight along with my brothers and sisters against the dastardly act  of this administration to not count undocumented persons.   We know that this Nation was formed in the Constitution by the words  to ``form a more perfect Union.''   How do you have a perfect Union without the historic recognition of  the Latino community and how they built the pillars of this Nation?   Let me say how exciting it will be for children and others to be able  to come there.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for this legislation having  scholarship opportunities for African Americans, Hispanics, and others  to do their work in the arts.   I want to conclude my remarks by highlighting the respect and  friendship of Caesar Chavez and Dr. Martin Luther King. I do that in  the recognition of my good friend Dolores Huerta, as well, who was  mentioned previously. What a fighter for justice. What a traditional  mother, if you will, in her fight and embracing the fight. She never  gave up and never gave in.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me  the additional time.   These words are from Dr. Martin Luther King: ``I am deeply moved by  your  [[Page H3871]]  courage in fasting as your personal sacrifice for justice through  nonviolence. Your past and present commitment is eloquent testimony to  the constructive power of nonviolent action and the destructive  impotence of violent reprisal. You stand today as a living example of  the Gandhian tradition with its great force for social progress.''   They never met, but I honor both of them, and I honor this museum.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlemen for giving me the opportunity to  speak, and I ask for support of the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her  leadership, and I particularly rise today to thank all of my colleagues  who joined in this historic moment with Congresswoman Frederica Wilson.  Let it be known how hard and consistently she worked and with much  perseverance and determination. We give her tribute today. We thank  Senator Rubio for joining and helping with the Senate, because it is a  bipartisan bill. We, likewise, acknowledge the Commission on the Social  Status of Black Men and Boys. We acknowledge these words that she said  to me this morning: It will help save lives.   That is why we stand on the floor today, because we recognize that  systemic racism exists and the encounters of our young boys with people  who determine that they are not human or equal wind up in the great  loss of life or their encounter with each other. So I am delighted that  members of the Judiciary Committee, members of the Education and Labor  Committee, and other committees focus on how we can do well.   This Scripture reminds me of where we are today: `` . . . this is the  kind of fasting I want: Free those who are wrongly imprisoned; lighten  the burden of those who work for you. Let the oppressed go free, and  remove the chains that bind people. Share your food with the hungry,  and give shelter to the homeless.''   This is a time where we are doing what we need to do for Black boys  and men. This is a time when we stand up and be counted to end systemic  racism as it impacts them and this Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I ask support for this outstanding and historic  legislation.   