 Mr. Speaker, in the traumatic year since the  COVID-19 pandemic attacked our country and the world, countless  families have experienced heart shattering personal losses.   Parents, children, friends, neighbors, and colleagues have lost their  lives fighting the virus. Businesses have shuttered, schools have  closed, and our way of life with family and friends has nearly  disappeared.   President Biden's American Rescue Plan is a courageous and positive  step to address the destructive tragedy of the coronavirus pandemic.   I applaud my democratic colleagues who crafted this bold and  unprecedented response in support of the American people.   I am proud to vote for the American Rescue Plan on behalf of my  constituents and the nation as a whole.   This bill will provide individuals and families, including those of  mixed status, with an economic impact payment of $1,400 dollars to help  pay for essentials such as food, utilities, rent, medicine and other  life-saving essentials.   This bill will ensure unemployed workers can continue to receive  unemployment benefits during our emergency economic shut down. And it  will ensure the continuation of critical food assistance for those in  need.   The legislation also will provide much needed assistance to  homeowners struggling to make their mortgage payment and it provides  resources to help families pay their backrent to prevent eviction and  homelessness.   And finally, The American Rescue Plan, recognizes the dignity of work  by raising the national minimum wage to 15 dollars an hour by  [[Page H849]]  2025. This wage increase is critical to ensuring all working families  are earning a living wage to meet their most basic of needs.   Beyond vital pocketbook issues, the legislation also reinforces the  primary responsibility of our federal government to respond effectively  to the pandemic by activating the Defense Production Act to ensure a  more prolific means by which to guarantee the materials we need to  manufacture the vaccine and the hardware needed to inject it into the  arms of individuals to prevent further spread of the virus.   To address the weaknesses in our public health infrastructure's  ability to respond to the crisis, the legislation also provides funding  to support critical community health centers, so vital to meet the  health care needs of my constituents and all residents of the United  States.   This pandemic is unlike anything our world has encountered in over a  hundred years. This robust package is a testament to the strength of  our country and its responsibility and ability to meet the challenge of  any crisis.   I heartily commend President Biden and my colleagues in the House and  Senate who have worked so hard on behalf of the American people to  address the catastrophic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic which has  taken the precious lives of over 500,000 Americans.   