 Madam Speaker, this is the 10th anniversary of the  Affordable Care Act. Over the past 10 years, our country has made  significant progress in improving access to affordable healthcare-- despite the Trump administration's constant assault on the ACA.   Now, in the middle of an unprecedented global health crisis, the  administration is in court trying to get rid of the ACA, including its  critical protections for people with preexisting conditions. This  threatens the health coverage of more than 20 million Americans, nearly  half a million of them Oregonians.   The coronavirus pandemic has been devastating for those with  underlying conditions, disproportionately harming Black and Latinx  people in communities of color. We should be doing all we can to expand  access to affordable healthcare for everyone, not take it away.   I strongly support the Patient Protection and Affordable Care  Enhancement Act. This bill will increase coverage, lower costs, and  make quality care more accessible for all.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important  legislation to keep millions of Americans covered and build on the  legacy of the Affordable Care Act.    Mr. Speaker, this week another month's rent or mortgage  is due for millions of Americans who are out of work or barely making  ends meet. Without swift action, many struggling Americans will soon  face eviction or foreclosure.   I rise in strong support of the Emergency Housing Protections and  Relief Act to help desperate families maintain stability by providing  additional financial support and expanding protections that were  included in the bipartisan CARES Act.   A family of five living in Sherwood, Oregon, wrote to me and said:  ``It feels cruel to be facing eviction during a pandemic that stripped  our family of its only income.'' It feels cruel, because it is cruel.  And thousands more families will face the same cruel reality unless the  President and Senate join us in acting swiftly.   Today, I led many of my colleagues in calling on HUD Secretary Carson  to immediately extend protections for tenants in federally supported  housing until the comprehensive solution before us today is signed into  law.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her leadership, and I urge  all of my colleagues to support this important legislation.   