 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this budget resolution  because small businesses need help now. This pandemic has already  darkened hundreds of thousands of storefronts on Main Streets  throughout America. A recent study found that 800 businesses closed  daily between April and September last year.   Every day without Federal relief, this pandemic shutters businesses,  destroys lives, and wipes out good-paying jobs. COVID is devastating  Black and Latino entrepreneurs, dropping the number of businesses by 41  and 32 percent, respectively. Small businesses do not have time for  drawn-out negotiations nor debates over process. They need help  immediately.   Mr. Speaker, today's budget resolution gives us a critical tool to  deliver urgently needed aid to small firms and the American people by  passing President Biden's American Rescue Plan.   This resolution will grant us the means to provide small businesses,  particularly those that are underserved, with billions in new funding  for loans, grants, and support programs.   This resolution will enable us to appropriate desperately needed  funds for the national strategy to crush the virus.   This resolution would allow us to make a difference in the lives of  millions of Americans who have lost their jobs by expanding  unemployment benefits and extending the eviction moratorium.   I welcome Republican support for these efforts.   Mr. Speaker, what we are proposing are commonsense measures to offer  a lifeline to struggling Americans. We must prepare to move forward.  The price of inaction is too steep. The longer we wait, the more lives  COVID will take. The longer we wait, the more businesses this pandemic  will destroy. The longer we wait, the more people in my district  suffer.   We need a big, bold package. That is why I strongly encourage my  colleagues to support this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I wish that the other side would care about the $2  trillion tax cut package.    Mr. Speaker, when we look at how much businesses in  this country are suffering today and how many businesses are shutting  their doors, it is our responsibility to help them get whole. The only  way that consumers are going to go into the malls and the restaurants  is when they have peace of mind that we have done everything to protect  them.   