 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I just want to express my incredible gratitude, first of all, to  Congresswoman Judy Chu for her tireless leadership on this issue, and  to the Muslim community in my district for their tireless work and  advocacy on this issue.   I remember the day well when President Trump issued this Muslim ban  right at the beginning of his administration. And I remember running  out to the airport immediately, to the international terminal. And  shortly after I got there, there ended up being literally thousands of  people who had gathered, at the shame on the United States of America.  The people who came that day all had some documentation. They had  visas. At first, even people with green cards were being held and  oppressed.   Who are we? Who are we as the United States of America?   And I know that, finally, President Biden has said: No Muslim ban.   But we want to make it the law of the land so no other President can  do such a thing that, based on religion, people would be banned from  the United States of America.   I want to tell you, I take this personally as a Jew, myself. You  know, I am a first-generation American. Neither of my parents was born  in this country. They were able to emigrate to the United States.   But I also remember the story of our history as Jews, when the St.  Louis, a boat that came to protect people from annihilation, was turned  away from the American shores; was told to go back to where it came  from; and many of those people then perished in the Holocaust.   Who are we?   This bill is about who we are, and I urge a ``yes'' vote.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Access  to Counsel Act.   Thousands of immigrants lawfully come to our country, come through  our ports of entry, daily. They come in order to reunite with families,  in order to receive lifesaving medical help, in order to pursue their  educational dreams. They come because they are allowed to come, and  they come for really good purposes.   When they arrive, all too often they are subjected to grueling  inspections and relentless questioning by our Customs and Border Patrol  agents, and often they have no help to turn to.   H.R. 1573 will ensure that these individuals can communicate with a  family member, an attorney, or other party who can help them navigate  what is going on at the port of entry if they are held over an hour.   This is important. We are not saying that there shouldn't be any  inspections whatsoever, that there shouldn't be any questioning. But  sometimes people have been held up to 30 hours without any access to  help. It is not right.   This is critical to ensuring that immigrants are treated fairly and  with dignity.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the Access to  Counsel Act and to support due process for all.   