 Madam Speaker, in New Mexico, one in three women  have experienced domestic violence. We must act swiftly to reauthorize  the Violence Against Women Act. The protections in this bill are a  matter of life and death.   My State has one of the highest suicide rates. My amendment will help  prevent suicide among survivors of sexual assault.  [[Page H1471]]    It also recognizes that our diverse communities must receive  culturally relevant legal aid and outreach programs.   Let's work to end gender-based violence in all of our communities.    I thank Mrs. Lawrence so much for gathering us  all here tonight in celebration, because celebration is what we must  do. We must celebrate not just Women's History Month, but everything we  did today. We must celebrate that we passed the extension of the ERA,  that we passed the Violence Against Women Act, that we passed the  American Rescue Plan with all of those wonderful provisions that will  lift women and children out of poverty.   I come from a place where for many years they didn't give us the  vote, they didn't give us statehood, and there was much discrimination.  But it was also a place where women and women of color have a long and  proud history of transformative leadership, and I honor a few of them  today.   One hundred years ago the suffragist Adelina Otero-Warren helped lead  the charge to ratify the 19th amendment in New Mexico. After her  success, she became the first Latina to ever run for Congress.  Unfortunately, she wasn't successful, but 100 years later I am the  first Latina to represent my district.   In my family, my grandmother, Isabel Lopez Leger helped to integrate  the segregated city of Las Vegas, New Mexico, refusing to move when the  neighbors realized she was a small, Brown, Spanish-speaking Hispana.   My big grandma, as we called her Ganga, Abelina Romero Lucero,  understood how central the vote was to achieving equity and  representation for our communities, making calls to mobilize voters  from her hospice bed. She was a Democrat until she died.   My mother, Manuelita de Atocha Lucero Leger, was punished for  speaking Spanish in the schoolyard. She took this bigotry and turned it  into advocacy, and she and my father helped pass the 1973 New Mexico  Bilingual Multicultural Education Act because she knew that language  was so essential to ``our culture and heritage,'' ``nuestra cultura y  herencia,'' and identity.   New Mexico also claims Dolores Huerta, who proudly taught us that,  ``yes, it can,'' ``si, se puede.''   I close with New Mexico's beloved daughter, Secretary Deb Haaland of  the Pueblo of Laguna. New Mexico has shed tears of joy over her  confirmation. She takes to the Department of the Interior a fierce  voice borne of resilience and the love of community and our Earth which  she inherited from the 34 generations of New Mexican women before her.   Women's history is still unfolding, for we have hard work ahead of  us, don't we? Women of color, especially, are disproportionately  impacted by the pandemic, health disparities, and economic hardship. So  I am so thankful to be here with my ``sisters,'' ``hermanas'' to  celebrate our history and to recommit ourselves to the hard work we  have ahead of us.   