 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this bill.   Unfortunately, by considering this bill today, we are abandoning a  spirit of bipartisanship that has allowed us to work across the aisle  four times this year to pass critical coronavirus relief legislation.  This bill was crafted without input from Members on our side of the  aisle, and it does not have the support needed to pass the Senate or be  signed by the President.   There are some things included that I support, such as helping small  businesses that are desperate for a lifeline, enabling the airline  industry to continue to pay its employees, providing additional  assistance to help schools continue reopening, and increasing testing  for the virus.   Yet, I cannot overlook, nor can I overstate, the significant problems  I have with this bill.   First, it totals more than $2 trillion, which is more than we  appropriate for an entire year.   But what may be even more concerning is that buried in the more than  2,000 pages of text are partisan provisions that are unrelated to the  pandemic. These additions will not move us any closer to defeating this  virus. In fact, they will only further divide us.   For example, there is language in the bill that encourages State and  local governments to release violent criminals in order to get more  funding. It prohibits immigration laws from being carried out and  enforcement actions to be taken. It enables illegal immigrants to  receive direct payments.   It stalls the Census that is required by the law to occur every 10  years.   It imposes sweeping changes to elections and provides more than $3  billion in election assistance grants.   Including so many unnecessary items just to cater to the demands of a  few could result in gridlock at a time when compromise and real results  are still in reach.   After all the good work we have done together to provide relief and  hope to the American people, I am very disappointed that this is the  bill that the majority has chosen to bring to the floor.   I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will come back to  the negotiating table and work with us to put the needs of the American  people first, just as we have done four other times since the beginning  of this devastating pandemic.   It is time for our leaders to come together rather than take a vote  on this damaging partisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis), the ranking member of the House  Administration Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Rutherford), who is a member of the Appropriations  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Zeldin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New York an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Allen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the Republican whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), the ranking member of the Education and  Labor Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Rice).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Ohio an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy), who is the Republican leader.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   