 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1053, I call  up the bill (H.R. 7027) making additional supplemental appropriations  for disaster relief requirements for the fiscal year ending September  30, 2020, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of my bill to save the  childcare industry: The Child Care Is Essential Act.   Let me recognize my colleagues who join me here this morning,  especially the Chair of the Committee on Education and Labor, Chairman   Bobby Scott.   To make clear our fight and our purpose, I quote The Washington Post  from July 4.   The title of the piece: ``Lack of childcare slowing recovery. Working  Parents Swamped At Home. Productivity slump pinned on school, center  closures.''   ``The childcare crunch triggered by the pandemic has rapidly become a  crisis for many workers and companies that is hindering the economic  recovery, disproportionately harming women and threatening to leave  deep scars for years to come.''   The Labor, Health and Human Services and Education Appropriations  Subcommittee has been central to our response to this pandemic and has  provided much-needed funding to deal with the crisis--providing $3.5  billion for childcare in the CARES Act, and $7 billion in the House- passed HEROES Act.   But, to be frank, $7 billion in the HEROES Act is not enough to save  the childcare sector. It could take at least $9.6 billion per month to  keep current childcare providers in business. This is a crisis. More  than half of childcare programs could close if we do not act quickly.   The biggest worry of the providers in my State of Connecticut are the  loss of revenue, how to pay non-payroll business expenses, and they are  concerned that families will not return after the public health  emergency. Affordable childcare was a significant and a severe issue  before the pandemic and will be after this pandemic is over.   This is not about going back to normal. We cannot afford to do that  either. If we cannot make families feel safe that their kids are going  to be in a safe and secure environment, we are not going to get our  economy back on track. Parents are not going to send their children to  unsafe places or they have no place to send them.   Mr. Speaker, the Childcare Is Essential Act creates a $50 billion  childcare stabilization fund within the existing Childcare and  Development Block Grant Program. The bill provides grant funding to  childcare providers to stabilize the sector and support providers so  that they can be safely reopening and running.   This legislation helps childcare providers and working families by:   Ensuring that the grants adequately support providers' operating  expenses and funding gets to them quickly;   Requires that providers continue to pay their staff;   Providing tuition and copayment relief for working families;   Promote health and safety through compliance with public health  guidance;   Prioritize providers that serve underserved populations;   Ensuring grants are awarded equitably across childcare settings; and   Conducting oversight through robust reporting requirements.   Mr. Speaker, we bailed out the airlines--almost $60 billion--and we  thought that that was necessary to do for our economy.   Corporations have received $522 billion for PPP loans, and we knew  that that was important to undergird our economy.   Hedge fund managers and real estate developers got a $135 billion tax  break completely unrelated to the pandemic. We did not need that.   We need to save the childcare industry. It is a matter of values, of  right and wrong, and it is a matter of the values of who we believe  needs to be protected: Our children? Our families? Or special  interests?   It is a matter of economic security for women and families, and lack  of childcare has been cited as a reason why women are still highly  reflected in the unemployment rolls.   Small businesses are concerned. One half of all essential workers in  this country are women. Who are the essential workers? Grocery store  workers, public transport, cleaning and sanitation, healthcare, retail  workers. They have to go to work. Where do they put their kids?   And it is a matter of addressing racial disparities, which this virus  has further exposed, particularly when providers in communities of  color continue to struggle to access small business loans, like those  through the PPP because of systemic discrimination in banking  practices, the wealth gap, higher debt. We must help now.   Mr. Speaker, to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I say: Let  us move boldly in this historic moment for women, for families, for  children, for small businesses, for communities of color. Let us  stabilize the childcare sector. Childcare is essential. There is no  reopening of our economy without it. So let us provide that $50 billion  today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I ask for unanimous consent that all  Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on the measure under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New Jersey (Ms. Sherrill).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Virginia (Ms. Wexton).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Panetta).    Mr. Speaker, can I inquire about the amount of time  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is an extraordinary time in our Nation's history.  We are watching families today who are in the most serious economic and  healthcare crises of their lives. What this pandemic has exposed are  the serious, serious inequities that exist, the racial inequities that  exist.   What is becoming clear, from my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle, is that there are two classes of people. We have essential  workers, who I pointed out are the grocery workers, the transit  workers, the sanitation people, the retail workers who clock in and out  every single day and who have to be on the job, and they have been told  if they don't show up, they don't get paid. But they have kids; they  have families.   What is the main responsibility of a parent? The pride you take in  making sure that your children are safe, that they are secure, that you  are doing all you can for them to be able to survive.   So, what is your choice? Leave your kid by themselves? You can't take  them to work. You know, I had a lengthy conversation, almost 2 hours,  on the phone with farmworkers in our country. Know what they do without  access to childcare? They leave their kids home alone, or they take  them to the fields.   Who are we? This is the United States of America. Where are our  values? What do we care most about?   Let me just tell you about that $135 billion that is in the CARES  bill. I will just say that the Democrats took it out in the HEROES  bill. But as I see the bill that our Republicans colleagues put forward  in the last 24 hours, it is still in there. It is a tax break for  43,000 people in this country, and they get a $1.6 million tax cut.  They claw back to 2018, 2019. No one knew the word ``coronavirus'' in  2018 and 2019. It has nothing to do with this pandemic.   I will mention those essential workers again to you today because  there are 17.9 million children under the age of 13. Their parents are  frontline workers, as I have laid out.   I will also add, in full disclosure, that two-thirds of these  children do not require emergency care because they  [[Page H3902]]  have another parent. They have a family member or an adult caregiver  available to them. But this implies that we have 6 million kids who  need emergency care at 45 hours per week.   There are 6 million children who need to be in childcare. The  providers that remain open are providing emergency care to these  workers, and they are incurring costs, including paid premiums for  staff, substitute workers for staff who are out on paid sick or family  leave, higher prices for food and materials, including recommended  personal protective and sanitation equipment and supplies.    You know, public safety demands that each center or home-based  provider serves fewer children than they normally do. Why? For safety  reasons.   Understand, people want to talk about the economy reopening. Are  parents going to send their kids to--first of all, we are talking about  schools where the CDC has said that the worst situation is 5-day, in- person. Yet, what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to  do is to tie their education funds to whether they do that, which is  outrageous to begin with, and now they do not want to provide any  funding for childcare providers.   In the HEROES bill, it is $5 million and $10 million in grants. The  National Women's Law Center has told us it will be about $9.6 billion a  month to deal with this issue.   Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable. All I can say is, if we can bail  out the airlines, if we can bail out the business community, we should  be done with the $135 billion. Let's move forward: $50 billion for  childcare legislation today.   