 Mr. President, when I traveled to Israel in 2019, I saw  with my own eyes the Iron Dome system up close and in person. I met  with the brave soldiers who operate and protect it--young men and  women, in many cases, no older than 18 or 19 years old.   Iron Dome is a missile defense system that has successfully  intercepted thousands of missiles fired by terrorist groups, like  Hamas, at Israeli population centers. It has protected Jews,  Christians, and Muslims. It has protected them all from harm and saved  countless lives, Israelis and Palestinians alike.   This incredible feat of defense technology is a shining example of  the unbreakable U.S.-Israel security partnership. The U.S. Army is in  the process,  [[Page S6961]]  as well, of acquiring Iron Dome batteries, and it tested the system as  recently as August, meaning this lifesaving technology could also  protect American men and women in uniform from a variety of missile  threats.   Let me be clear. I want to emphasize the word ``defense.'' Iron Dome  is a purely defensive system. It is a shield--a miraculous shield-- against death and destruction, one that America should be proud to help  support and has supported across both Democratic and Republican  administrations and in Democratic and Republican Congresses for over a  decade. Iron Dome saves lives; Iron Dome prevents an escalation of  violence; and Iron Dome provides a critical window for diplomacy.   This past May, terrorist organizations launched over 4,400 rockets at  Israel. That is right--4,400 rockets. Iron Dome was key to preventing  90 percent of these rockets from reaching their targets, saving the  lives of innocent Israeli citizens. We should be proud to support this  technological feat that has protected countless lives and will continue  to do so.   My trip to Israel and my visit to see Iron Dome, well, is on my mind  today because Israel needs our help, and they need it now.   This summer, following the barrage of rocket fire--those 4,400  missiles that Israel had to endure and which the Iron Dome protected  Israel against--Israel made an emergency request to the United States  for security assistance in order to replenish and repair the Iron Dome  defense system to defend against future potential conflicts.   To Israel's north, on the border with Lebanon, which I went to see  just 2 years ago, Hezbollah, an Iranian-backed terrorist organization,  is estimated to possess over 100,000 missiles. Those 100,000 missiles  are pointed at Israel, including thousands of precision missiles. If  war were ever to break out again between Israel and Lebanon, as it did  in 2006, Iron Dome would play a crucial role in protecting civilians-- all civilians in Israel.   Just a few months ago, I joined Democratic and Republican colleagues  in urging the continued support for Iron Dome. Support for Iron Dome is  about the integrity of the U.S.-Israel relationship. There has always  been strong bipartisan support for the U.S.-Israel defense partnership.  That bipartisan support continues today.   The failure to fund this critical defensive tool would be  catastrophic for Israel and would result in lives lost. It would lead  to more conflict, and it would weaken the bond between the United  States and our greatest ally in the Middle East. We must take action to  ensure that this program remains fully operational.    The House of Representatives has already passed legislation on an  overwhelmingly bipartisan basis to fund Iron Dome. It was a vote of 420  for, and only 9 against. So now it is the Senate's turn to act.   Earlier this week, my colleague Senator Menendez, Chairman of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said this: ``There is no  conceivable reason why anyone in this Chamber or on either side of the  aisle should stand in the way of U.S. support for this lifesaving  defense to be fully ready for the next attack.''   He is exactly right. Opposition to Iron Dome is contrary to U.S.  national security interests and violates the commitment that the U.S.  Government made to Israel.   We have an opportunity to rebuild the Iron Dome shield, to support  the security of our most important ally in the Middle East, and to save  lives. But we must take action right here and right now.   So as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that at a  time to be determined by the majority leader, following consultation  with the Republican leader, the Senate proceed to consideration of  Calendar No. 140, H.R. 5323; that there be up to 2 hours for debate;  that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill be considered read  a third time, and that the Senate vote on passage of the bill without  intervening action or debate.    Mr. Paul's objection is unacceptable. He knows it is  unacceptable. This is no time for political games. It could jeopardize  the support for our allies and people in need of lifesaving assistance.   I challenge all my Republican colleagues to let us take up the House- passed bill, passed 420 to 9, and fund Iron Dome for our national  security--our national security--as well as Israel's.   I yield the floor.   