 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from New  Mexico for his remarks just now.   I rise today to join him and my other Democratic colleagues in  opposing Amy Coney Barrett's nomination to the Supreme Court.   I want to begin by acknowledging the nature of the moment that we are  in right now. We are mere days from an election day, during an election  period in which tens of millions of Americans have already voted. We  are grappling with a global pandemic that has taken the lives of more  than 220,000 Americans, and millions are out of work.   Yet, rather than focusing on providing the comprehensive relief that  lives and livelihoods are depending upon, Republicans have instead made  pushing this nomination through their top priority.  [[Page S6547]]    The American people deserve better.   One of the most solemn responsibilities of a U.S. Senator is  providing advice and consent with regard to a Presidential Supreme  Court nomination. This is a lifetime appointment to the highest Court  in our land, which will impact the lives of every single person in this  country. The consequences of this nomination are far-reaching, and  right now there is perhaps no more consequential issue than healthcare.   The Trump administration and Republicans in Congress have been  relentless in their attempts to sabotage our healthcare system, repeal  the Affordable Care Act, and eliminate the healthcare protections that  millions of people depend on.   But for years, Republicans have failed legislatively to repeal this  law. So now, instead, they have turned to the courts. President Trump  said he wants to ``terminate'' the Affordable Care Act, and has said  that he would nominate judges who would do just that.   One week after this election, just 9 days away, the Supreme Court  will hear the lawsuit supported by the Trump administration to repeal  the entire Affordable Care Act and its protections for people with  preexisting benefits.   It is no secret that this is why Senate Republicans have rushed Judge  Barrett's nomination through.   For some of my colleagues, this nomination is a means to an end, a  way to finally repeal the Affordable Care Act, a law that has helped so  many. For the American people, however, this isn't a game.   Over the course of the last several weeks, people in my home State of  New Hampshire and across the country have spoken out about what the  repeal of this law would mean for them, just as they have spoken out  each time that Republicans have tried to take coverage away.   I recently heard from Michelle and Joe O'Leary of Atkinson, NH.  Michelle and Joe's son Matty was diagnosed with a rare brain condition  at the age of 4. Right now, Matty is doing well, but he requires a  lifesaving brain infusion treatment at the hospital, from 4 to 6 hours  every 2 weeks.   His father said that the minute that they miss an infusion, Matty's  health would begin to decline rapidly.   Joe and Michelle said that on top of all of the challenges that their  family experiences on a day-to-day basis, they still have to wake up  each morning fearing the implications if the Supreme Court overturns  the healthcare law--fearing what will happen if coverage is taken away  and they can't access the treatment that their beloved Matty needs.   Joe and Michelle shared the details of this deeply personal  healthcare story in order to preserve healthcare for their son and  millions of others. They shouldn't have to. No one in America should  have to plead with their legislators to not take their healthcare away.  No one should. But they do, in the wealthiest country on Earth.   Joe and Michele are not alone. If Judge Barrett is confirmed and  becomes the Court's deciding vote to overturn the Affordable Care Act,  an estimated 20 million Americans could lose their healthcare coverage.   Making matters worse, in pushing this nomination through, my  colleagues could undermine healthcare in the midst of a devastating  pandemic.   And just as we are learning that the long-term effects of this virus  will likely mean that treatment for some will be ongoing for a  lifetime, the Senate Republicans are moving to overturn the Affordable  Care Act--just when it is needed most. It is unconscionable.   Potentially ripping away healthcare from millions of Americans is  just one of the many things at stake. Women's reproductive freedom is  at risk. President Trump has said that he will only nominate judges who  would overturn Roe v. Wade, and Judge Barrett has repeatedly criticized  this landmark ruling that provides women with the freedom to make their  own healthcare decisions, control their own destinies, and be full  citizens of the United States of America.   Equality for LGBTQ Americans is also at risk. Just this month, two  Justices on the Supreme Court indicated their desire to overturn the  decision Obergefell v. Hodges, which delivered marriage equality to so  many. Judge Barrett has previously defended the dissenting opinion in  that case.   And voting rights are at risk. Judge Barrett refused to acknowledge  the fact that communities of color face disproportionate obstacles in  voting. Nor would she acknowledge what every lawyer and, really, most  high school students know--that voter intimidation is illegal and  antithetical to our basic principles.   Judge Barrett would not even give a straight answer when asked if  Presidents should commit to a peaceful transition of power, an  essential element of our democracy and one that we have held up as an  example to the rest of the world throughout our history.   And despite asserting that she is independent and not swayed by  politics, Judge Barrett's refusal to acknowledge that climate change is  real--after acknowledging other scientific facts, such as the  infectious nature of COVID-19 and that cigarettes can cause cancer-- reveals her alignment with and responsibility to a far-right, climate- change-denying agenda.   Our founding documents gave us the flexibility and the tools to grow  in our understanding of what individual freedom means and who is  entitled to it. These tools have given us the power to create change  and move forward, to unleash the talent and energy of previously  marginalized citizens.   Our country has prospered, thrived, and led as a result. But Judge  Barrett's views and her judicial philosophy are not rooted in that  belief. She, instead, would constrain individual liberty and empower  corporations and put the progress that so many have fought for at risk.   Republicans have moved this nomination forward in contradiction of  the rules that they themselves invented in 2016. Our society and our  democracy rely on the idea that all sides of political debate will play  by the same rules. That means, when any faction loses, it does so  knowing that it will have a fair chance in the next round. When that  understanding is disrupted, it destabilizes our democracy, and it sows  confusion and chaos. My Senate Republican colleagues' actions make it  clear they believe that the rules do not apply to them and that they do  not care about destabilizing our democracy in this way.   We should not vote on a Supreme Court nomination while an election is  actually underway. For the first time in American history, we are  voting on a Supreme Court nominee just days before election day. My  Republican colleagues have shown they will stop at nothing to get this  nominee through no matter how many rules they break and no matter how  many Americans' rights are threatened. They are doing so all while  people across the country are pleading with us to come together to  provide more support amid a public health and economic crisis. My  Senate Republican colleagues' priorities are clear, and they are an  outrage.   I cannot support a lifetime nomination of an individual who puts the  healthcare and basic civil rights of millions of Americans at risk. I  will oppose Amy Coney Barrett's nomination to the Supreme Court, and I  urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   