 Mr. Speaker, I rise as a proud original cosponsor and  supporter of H.R. 4300, the VIP Act, offered by my friend from Iowa,  Congresswoman Miller-Meeks.   This legislation would codify into Federal law an initiative put into  place by the Trump administration last year that grants free passes to  visit our national parks, national forests, and wildlife refuges to  those who deserve them most, our Nation's Active-Duty servicemembers,  veterans, and Gold Star families.   Our national parks and public lands are an essential part of our  history and provide great recreational opportunities for the American  people. Recreating in the most beautiful places our Nation has to offer  brings needed healing and relaxation for those who have and still do  put it all on the line to protect the freedoms each of us take for  granted as Americans.   As a Member of this body from southern New Mexico, I have the  privilege of representing two of the most iconic landmarks in the  Nation, White Sands National Park and Carlsbad Caverns. These  irreplaceable components of the National Park System welcome thousands  of visitors every year and provide a strong economic boost to their  surrounding communities.  [[Page H3868]]    Providing greater access to our public lands, as this bill does, will  only enhance economic opportunity for gateway communities that surround  our public lands and provide even greater benefits for our Active-Duty  servicemen, veterans, and Gold Star families.   This legislation enjoys the support of a wide cross-section of  organizations representing all strains of political opinion and areas  of interest, such as the National Association of Counties,  Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation, and National Wildlife Federation.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this  legislation, and I once again congratulate and thank my colleague,  Congresswoman Miller-Meeks, for her hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill.   