 Madam President, I have come to the floor this evening  to speak in support of the nomination of Joshua Kindred to be a U.S.  district court judge for the District of Alaska. We were able to move  forward with the first step toward the confirmation of Mr. Kindred, but  I just wanted to take a couple of minutes and speak as to why I believe  he is well qualified to serve in this capacity and deserves to be  confirmed by the Senate with, hopefully, broad bipartisan support.   I am glad and I am pleased that he has been willing to step into a  new role for our State. Josh Kindred comes from Anchorage, where I am  living. He currently serves as Alaska's regional solicitor for the  Department of the Interior. He has been doing a good job, a strong job,  for us there. Before joining the Department, Mr. Kindred served as the  environmental counsel for the Alaska Oil and Gas Association, as well  as an assistant district attorney and violent unit supervisor for the  State of Alaska. He also served as a law clerk to Chief Justice Paul De  Muniz of the Supreme Court of the State of Oregon.   One way that you know that Mr. Kindred has good judgment is that he  went to the same law school I did. So it can't be all bad there. He  earned his juris doctorate from Willamette University College of Law.  He served as editor in chief of the Willamette Law Review and certainly  demonstrated great skills and abilities at that level.   I think it is important to speak to Mr. Kindred's biographical  details to illustrate that his experience is both considerable and is  really relevant. It is directly relevant for this new role that he is  seeking. It is that experience in a host of different areas that  matters for our State, and I believe that will help him as a Federal  jurist.   Mr. Kindred's experience in civil, criminal, and administrative law  at both the State and the Federal levels, in both the public sector as  well as the private sector, is exactly what we should be seeking in a  nominee for a court of original jurisdiction, such as the U.S. District  Court for the District of Alaska.   Josh Kindred is no stranger to the courtroom. He has extensive trial  experience, which is, of course, important for operating in the  courtroom. His background also brings a welcomed and valuable  understanding of Alaska's unique Federal laws and landscape. He has  extensive experience in Federal lands, mining, natural resources, oil  and gas laws, and environmental laws and permitting. These are all  things--all things--that are constantly litigated back home and that  apply to so many of the important priorities that we have in Alaska.   You often hear me talk about the fact that Alaska is different. It is  unique, and, certainly, some of our laws--many of our laws--reflect  that. Not many are truly knowledgeable about ANCSA, about ANILCA. These  are critically important to understand, and Mr. Kindred certainly  understands them. That skill set, that operational base of knowledge on  Alaska-specific laws and matters, is really vital for our State.   In addition, and perhaps of equal importance, Mr. Kindred has long  called Alaska home. He was raised in our local schools. He is raising  his young family there. He comes from good family. He married into good  family. He is a good Alaskan. He knows Alaska. He understands our State  well.   I am proud of Mr. Kindred's continued commitment to public service  and his willingness to serve our State. So, again, I would urge the  Senate to confirm Josh Kindred. I know that he will do well in his new  role, as he has done in all his others.   I yield the floor.   