 Madam Speaker, it is my honor to rise today in  support of H.R. 4, the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act. I'd  like to thank Congresswoman Sewell, a daughter of Selma, for  introducing this bill and for being a fierce and relentless advocate of  the right to vote.   How wonderful is it, Madam Speaker, that this bill bears the name of  our late colleague, one of the greatest Americans to ever walk these  halls, Congressman John Lewis. His legacy--and the legacies of other  civil rights leaders who dedicated their lives to ensuring free, fair,  and equitable access to the polls--lives on through this legislation.   For Texans, this fight for voting rights is personal. We have  witnessed, over the past several months, a systematic and antiquated  effort to strip the right to vote away from millions across the state.  This effort is built upon the decades and decades of unfair voting  practices in the history of Texas. In fact, I remember having to pay a  poll tax when I voted in my first election in Dallas. And although  these new efforts are not as blatant as a poll tax, they are equally as  obstructive.   Texas is Just one of many states battling waves of restrictive voting  legislation spurred by Republican majorities at the local level. These  attempts at our rights are not new--and neither is the vigorous,  concerted opposition to them. From Martin Luther King, Jr. and John  Lewis's march on Bloody Sunday to the Texas Democrats risking arrest to  filibuster the passage of these laws, there are always people who are  willing to fight. And as long as there are generations of people who  are willing to fight, our cause will never perish.   But now, Madam Speaker, it's time for Congress to meet the moment. We  must pass H.R. 4--not only because it would prohibit the implementation  of strict voter requirements and reductions in polling locations and  hours; not only because it would restore the originals provisions and  intent of the Voting Rights Act; but because it is also fundamentally  the right thing to do in our democracy.   As a proud cosponsor of H.R. 4, I would urge all of my colleagues,  Democrat and Republican, to support this legislation and, in doing so,  express your support of the right to vote for all Americans.   