 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the COVID- 19 Hate Crimes Act.   Since the start of this pandemic, Asian Americans have been terrified  by the near-daily attacks in our communities. Shocking videos like the  fatal assault of 84-year-old Vicha Ratanapakdee, and the horrific  shootings of eight people at three Asian-owned spas in Georgia brought  national attention to this issue, but it also showed that our national  response to combating hate crimes is lacking.   That is why today's vote is so important. The bill would create a new  position at the U.S. Department of Justice to better track and address  COVID-19 hate crimes. It also includes the text of the bill I co-lead,  the NO HATE Act, which improves hate crime reporting by law enforcement  and provides grants for community-centered solutions to fight hate.   After a year in which we have seen over 6,600 anti-Asian hate crimes  and incidents, finally we are helping the Asian-American community  fight back.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my  resolution, H. Res. 275, to condemn the horrific shootings in Georgia  and to reaffirm the House of Representatives' strong commitment to  combating anti-Asian hate, bigotry, and violence.   As we commemorate Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month  this May, the Asian-American and Pacific-Islander community continues  to be terrified by the alarming rise in anti-Asian hate and violence  that have become near daily tragedies.   The bigotry and xenophobia were fueled by former President Donald  Trump and his followers, who used racial slurs like China virus, Wuhan  virus, and Kung flu to direct blame and anger at innocent Asian  Americans, who have put lives at risk despite the fact that the CDC and  World Health Organization said not to name a virus after geographical  locations because of the stigma it would cause.   In fact, to date, there have been over 6,600 anti-Asian hate  incidents reported in just the past year alone, and two-thirds of those  have targeted Asian women.   In March, the fear that many Asian Americans were feeling reached a  crisis point when a gunman targeted three Asian-owned spas in Georgia,  killing eight people, including six Asian women. This killer, so  motivated by hate, intentionally sought out Asian immigrant women.   In response, I organized a congressional delegation to Atlanta to  meet with the victims' families, as well as local AAPI leaders. We went  there with a purpose: to follow the murderer's steps to show how  deliberate he was in targeting three Asian-owned businesses that were  nearly 30 miles apart from each other.   Local sheriffs have tried to diminish these crimes by saying that the  shooter had a sex addiction and a bad day. But he had plenty of other  places to go in that time. Instead, he chose three places where Asian  women would be killed.   There is no doubt in my mind that this was a hate crime. That is why  I am glad that Georgia prosecutors announced last week they will be  seeking enhanced hate crime charges against the murderer.   The victims of these tragic shootings were hardworking mothers and  grandmothers, many in their fifties, sixties, and as old as 74. I met  with the families of two of these women.   Xiaojie Tan was the owner of one of the spas and a mother, who worked  7 days a week to provide for her family. Her daughter, Jami, spoke to  us through tears about how unfair it was that her mother's life was cut  short on her 50th birthday.   Then there was Young Ae Yue, whose son, Robert, told me about his  mother and how she adored her children and loved being a Har Mul Ni, or  grandmother. She would share her love through cooking and karaoke. But  amid his pain, Robert was angry, too--angry that it happened, angry at  a narrative that tried to justify it by victim blaming, and angry that  people moved on so quickly.    Madam Speaker, we will not move on, and that is what today's  resolution is about. We must remember Young Ae Yue, Xiaojie Tan, and  other victims of these horrific shootings in Georgia. We must stand up  for all of those who have been terrorized by anti-Asian hate and  violence.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the  resolution.   