 Mr. President, I deployed to Washington to be a  pragmatic problem-solver, and for the past 5\1/2\ years I have made it  my mission in Congress to better the lives of hard-working Arizonans.  In a time of toxic partisanship, this is no easy feat. It requires me  to go across the aisle to find where the Venn diagram overlaps.   Well, today I am calling on my Senate colleagues to be pragmatic, to  meet in the middle on what we should agree on. I am asking Senators to  simply extend expanded unemployment benefits for 7 days while Congress  comes up with a solution. Who could be against that?   With the 1st of August approaching, Americans out of work are  counting on us for cash so they can pay their rent and put food on the  table for their families. While some States will get the expanded  checks, we understand, for the next week or two, Arizonans have gotten  their last expanded check. These Arizonans are in my neighborhood, live  on my street, and worked paycheck to paycheck before this once-in-a- century pandemic hit.   Well, I am here to tell them that Washington, DC's dysfunction and  bickering is alive and well. Congress, once again, is using hard- working Americans as pawns in their political games.   For the many Arizonans out of work right now, this is not a game.  Americans, Arizonans are calling out for help, and it is time we  deliver it.   What I am offering today is a simple 7-day extension of the extra  $600 a week for unemployed Americans while we work through our  differences on how to move forward and see Americans through this  first-in-a-century crisis. This is a reasonable proposal. Who could  possibly be against this?   I understand, as we work to defeat this virus--which we will--and  support the economic recovery for our country, we need to incentivize  people to return to work safely, when they are able. And there are  disagreements in this  [[Page S4619]]  Chamber on what that looks like, what the ultimate dollar figure or  percentage will be, where we land and for how long.   I know today Congress needs to do their job and to prevent this  desperately needed, extra lifeline from fully expiring. In this  uncertain time, everyone is doing the best they can to make ends meet,  to help each other, to help our neighbors, to stay safe--everyone, that  is, except Congress.   Americans who have lost their livelihoods through no fault of their  own due to this cruel virus should not be the collateral damage of  political maneuvering. I am calling on the Senate: Let's do what we  were sent here to do. Let's do our job.   In the face of the virus, we have asked millions of Americans to go  back to work when they can safely, to make hard decisions, to do what  they were hired to do. It is time for the Senate to do the same.   This is a reasonable request. It is simply a 7-day extension of the  expanded unemployment benefits while we continue to work out our  differences. Who could possibly be against this?   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of my bill at the desk. I further ask that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, this is disappointing and a political  stunt and a game. For all the normal people watching out there who  don't understand why Washington is so dysfunctional, we are just  looking for a 7-day extension so they can get another check and pay  their rent.   I asked the question: Who could possibly be against this?   Well, we found out. It is the Senator from New York. So you can clip  the tape or put his picture on your refrigerator when you open it up  because it is the minority leader who is against this, on his path to  try and become the majority leader. And that is unfortunate. Arizonans  deserve better.   