 Madam President, I rise today to honor someone whom I  have had the good fortune of working with both in the U.S. House and  the U.S. Senate. Senator Udall and I spent a long time together, and I  am very, very grateful.   I want to take a step back just for a moment and say that in American  political history there are certain names that carry a legacy. There  are the Roosevelts, a family of great means who, nonetheless,  understood the deeply personal pain of the Great Depression and helped  bring a nation through it. There are the Kennedys, a family that for  generations has been near the center of American power and popular  culture. And there are the Udalls.   Now, the Udalls have never been flashy. They might not be the  equivalent of political royalty. You might find the Udalls more likely  to be in cowboy boots and jeans than expensive suits, but they are a  family that is deeply rooted in public service, protecting the people  and the places of the West, and just being some of the kindest, hardest  working, most decent folks you could ever meet, period.   Senator Tom Udall has certainly lived up to his family's legacy  during his long career in public service. New Mexico is so fortunate to  have been represented by him, and I feel so fortunate to have him as my  friend.   Tom, it has been such a pleasure to work with you on so many  different issues. You talk about the land, and I talk a lot about  water. And even though you are not surrounded by the Great Lakes, as we  are, you have been as passionate in working with us to protect our  beautiful water, as you have with other natural resources. So thank you  for protecting the funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.   Also, I thank him for ensuring that our community health centers  receive full funding, for strengthening rural communities, and for  improving services for our veterans.   I appreciate so much your leadership in the bipartisan efforts, and I  was proud to support you and help on tax reform. I have been so  impressed by your work on clean energy and on protecting the wild  places that make our States so special, and, of course, your work on  reforming the Senate and shining the light of day on money and  politics.   I am so grateful for your strong leadership on the Indian Affairs  Committee and your hard work and advocacy--so effective in advocating  for our Nation's Tribes.   You have also set yourself apart through your work on Foreign  Relations and on keeping our Nation safe. I will never forget our trip  to Vietnam and South Korea last year. We were, over the Easter weekend,  flying in Southeast Asia, and it was such a wonderful moment when Jill  organized a Passover Seder for everyone on the plane--what a special  moment on this bipartisan trip. It brought everybody together to focus  on our common humanity and what we are each called to do, which is to  serve others.   Whatever the future holds for you, I have no doubt that you will  continue serving the people of New Mexico and this Nation, and I  believe we have more than benefitted from your leadership. Public  service, that is what Udalls do.   Senator Udall, congratulations on your retirement. Thank you for a  job well done, and so many best wishes to you and your life partner  Jill and your entire family. You have been a real blessing not only to  New Mexico but to our country.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise this evening with my colleagues  from Maryland and with Senator Reed from Rhode Island to pay tribute to  someone whom I was lucky enough to have as a mentor when I first  entered the Senate. And I want to associate myself with all of the  wonderful words of my friends from Maryland.   With any new job, there is a learning curve. There are certainly  things that you don't know and that you don't even know enough to know  you don't know. That certainly is true in the Senate.   In 2001, I was a former Member of the House who had just been elected  to the Senate. It was an exciting time--a lot of new people to meet,  rules to learn, and procedures to follow. One of my new assignments was  the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee, where Senator  Sarbanes served as the chairman.   By that time, Senator Sarbanes was already an institution. As my  colleagues have mentioned, he introduced the first article of  impeachment against President Richard Nixon, as a junior Congressman.  And as a freshman Senator in 1978, he was a forceful advocate for  treaties that gave control, among other things, of the Panama Canal to  Panama. So it felt a little surreal to find myself at the table with a  brilliant leader like Senator Paul Sarbanes.   But he could not have been more gracious and more generous with his  time for me as a freshman Member. He was always willing to answer my  questions. He was a wonderful mentor. We, of course, worked on banking  issues together, including the crafting of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,  where I was able, up close, to watch his legislative mastery.   We also worked on public transit provisions in our transportation  bill, which was very important for us in Michigan.   We shared a passion for protecting our water. My colleagues have  talked about the Chesapeake Bay. For me, it was the Great Lakes, and we  often talked about the beauty of the lakes, as well as the bay.   Senator Sarbanes gave his final speech on the Senate floor on this  very day, 14 years ago. He was a humble man, and his remarks were quite  brief. He closed, in part, with this: ``I want my colleagues to know  how deeply I appreciate their friendship and [their] counsel and how  highly I value the privilege of having been their colleague.''   Today, I can say exactly the same words about Senator Paul Sarbanes.  He was a statesman, and I was lucky enough to call him my friend. I  value the privilege of having been his colleague.   I want to offer his family, including Congressman John Sarbanes, all  of Paul's friends, and the entire State of Maryland my deepest  condolences. We have lost an incredible leader and public servant.   I yield the floor.   