 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the  National Defense Authorization Act.   As written, this legislation authorizes $778 billion in defense  spending just for next year alone. That is more money than we spent on  defense during the Korean or Vietnam wars. It is even more money than  we spent at the height of the extraordinary Reagan defense buildup in  the 1980s.   Now Congress is set to pass this bill with virtually no debate and  with virtually no discussion about how much money we are spending.  Congress keeps the spigot of cash wide open so long as it is for  defense. And please note that not one single dollar of this huge  defense budget will be offset either with new taxes or with new  spending cuts someplace else.   Meanwhile, do you know how much money the President's Build Back  Better plan will cost, on average, each year if Congress passes it?  $175 billion. That is about one-fifth the size of this Defense bill.  And unlike this Defense bill, every single dollar of the President's  plan will be offset with new revenue or savings.   But here is the thing: When we want to invest $175 billion a year on  childcare and paid family leave and expanding access to healthcare and  fighting the climate crisis, and when we are going to offset every  single dollar for those new expenses, everybody suddenly becomes so  very concerned about spending. When we want to make investments that  directly benefit people across this country, we are told ``that costs  too much'' or ``that is socialism.'' But when we spend nearly five  times that amount of money in the Defense bill, it is just a shrug of  the shoulders. Look around this Chamber. It is empty.   And let's be clear where most of this defense money is going. It is  largely going to the defense industry. The Pentagon will take this  money and give approximately $400 billion to contractors. And nearly 40  percent of that will go to a handful of giant contractors.   This is a huge amount of money in an ordinary year, but 2 years into  a global pandemic that has killed 765,000 Americans, it is  irresponsible to spend this much money on stuff that isn't saving  Americans from what is actually killing them. America's spending  priorities are completely misaligned, and the threats Americans  actually are facing, the things that are quite literally endangering  their lives--like COVID-19 and the climate crisis--don't get this kind  of attention.   Let me be clear. We can spend far less money on defense and still  protect Americans and American interests. And you don't have to take my  word for it. The Congressional Budget Office recently published a  report outlining three different avenues for cutting $1 trillion in  defense spending over the next decade. None of the three proposals were  even close to radical. And, by the way, none of them achieved any  savings from nuclear modernization, contract spending, and closing  bases.   And before somebody cranks up the outrage machine, let me say I do  not believe that we should spend nothing on defense. There are real  threats to our Nation and real interests that we must defend. There are  some situations that may require military solutions. But this Defense  bill goes far beyond that threshold. This bill continues to feed into  the wrongheaded idea that America's strength can only be measured by  our military domination.   This bill is another example of Congress granting the Pentagon  virtually unlimited resources while, at the exact same moment, pinching  pennies on things that will make the American economy work for our  children and for our seniors, for workers and students and retirees,  for everyone who isn't part of a tiny little slice at the top.   These misplaced priorities chip away at the strength of our Nation,  and, ironically, they undermine the foundation upon which our military  is built. If we don't come to recognize this soon, then all this money  will have been wasted, and the world's most powerful military will rest  on a foundation of sand.   There are important and valuable provisions in this Defense bill.  There are even places where we should spend more money, like on cyber  defense, but it is long past time for us to rationalize the Pentagon's  budget and align it with the threats we actually face. And this Defense  bill, like so many before it, fails miserably to do that. For that  reason, I will vote against it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   