 Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. And I  listened to my colleague from Maine on her remarks and I take her at  her word. If there would be any chance to work on these election issues  in the future, I guarantee we are all ears.   I say that because I come from the State of Washington, and we have a  very high election turnout. We have a very high election turnout rate  because we have a vote-by-mail system that has been developed over a  long period of time. My colleague knew my predecessor, Slade Gorton,  who was a three-term Senator. In the 2000 election, I won by 2,229  votes, and I am forever grateful to Senator Gorton for having faith in  that election. That election that included provisional ballots and  signatures and all sorts of things that people really understood. I  think that is the principle here. Our election in the State of  Washington is based on your signature.   That is the way it is now when you vote in person, and it is the way  it is when you vote by mail. So our system has a lot of security in it,  and this legislation that is before us today is to make sure that these  rights--these civil rights and constitutional rights of individuals-- are upheld throughout the United States of America.   Now, I understand some of my colleagues may not like the ethics  reform or campaign finance reform in the underlying bill. I support  those provisions. But at the heart of this debate is  [[Page S4679]]  whether we are going to fight to make sure that the Federal Government  does its job on constitutional rights. I feel like there is a little  bit of hiding going on in this discussion about whether we have a role,  that this is somehow left up to the States. It reminds me of when Rosa  Parks was sitting on a bus. We didn't say it is just up to those  individual States. Or when people were denied equal accommodations at  hotels, we didn't say it was just up to those States. And we certainly  didn't say, when people used police dogs trying to intimidate women to  vote in the 1960's, that it was just up to those States.   No, no, no. We did something about it. We passed the 1964 Civil  Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act. We did that because  intimidation was happening, and we needed to correct for it. So I hope  that our colleagues will think about this issue because to me, it is  the same debate we are having on criminal justice reform. So many  people on the other side of the aisle said: You know what, this is up  to local police departments, and it is just up to the local  governments, and that is all there is to it.   No, that is not all there is to this. This is about whether we do our  job in upholding these constitutional rights when certain States don't  do that.   And so these American voting rights are guaranteed by our  Constitution. The 15th Amendment provides that voting rights cannot be  abridged on the account of race, color, or previous condition of  servitude. The 19th Amendment, which turned a hundred years old last  year, provides that voting rights cannot be denied on account of sex.  The 26th Amendment provides that Americans 18 years of age or older  cannot be denied the right to vote on account of age.   Generations of Americans fought for these rights over many decades,  and they didn't come easy to us as a Nation. Nor should we overlook,  now, these issues as we think that these rights, these constitutional  obligations that we should be fighting for and should uphold, are  facing challenges at the local level.   I know that my colleagues say that these are State rights to hold  these elections. Article I, section 4 of the Constitution empowers  Congress to make or alter rules for Federal elections. The U.S. Supreme  Court has repeatedly upheld this authority as broad and comprehensive.  The U.S. Supreme Court has held that the election clause gives Congress  the authority to ``override state laws to regulate federal elections.''   Now, this was in a pretty famous case in 2015. In the majority  opinion in the Arizona State Legislature v. the Arizona Independent  Redistricting Commission, Justice Ginsburg wrote, ``The dominant  purpose of the elections clause, the historical record bears out, was  to empower Congress to override state election rules. The clause was  also intended to act as a safeguard against manipulation of electoral  rules by politicians and factions in the States to entrench themselves  or place their interests over those of the electorate.''   So these issues are very clear. It is calling on us to make sure that  we uphold those constitutional rights. But according to the Brennan  Center for Justice at New York University School of Law, at least 14  States, from Georgia, Florida, Oklahoma, and many others, have enacted  voting rights since the 2020 election to restrict individuals. My  colleagues have been out here talking about some of those restrictions,  and I think those that place undue burdens on individuals are something  that we should be addressing. Yes, States have been at a different pace  in allowing vote-by-mail, but we should be empowering people. We should  say that we want to empower more people to vote under a system that is  fair and gives them those opportunities to do so.   So there are at least 64 bills restricting voting rights moving  through 18 State legislatures, and I think that we should be making  sure here that we have clarity on what will help us continue to empower  the public to cast their vote.   The For the People Act, S. 2093, is a comprehensive bill that makes  voting easier. It also authorizes $1.7 billion in new federal grants to  help secure the security of our voting system. Again, I like our vote- by-mail system in Washington State. It is based on my signature to the  ballot that is checked at the ballot. I can tell you in the last  election because of the ruses and various things that went on, 13  different people said that they voted on my behalf. But they didn't.  And our election system caught that. They knew that it wasn't me, and  they checked the signature on the ballot, and they knew that it was me.  So even though the system has had people who are trying to cause  distrust and discord about whether we have the right system, it is  working. And the more we empower people, the better our democracy.   This legislation requires the Director of National Intelligence to  report on threats to election infrastructure, including cyber threats,  and requires the President to develop and implement a national strategy  for protecting U.S. democratic institutions. I know that these are  things that we should be updating. Throughout our history, following  the civil war and reconstruction, there were localities that used  discriminatory tactics like poll taxes and literacy tests to keep  African Americans from voting. The Black community endured both of this  kind of intimidation.   And in the years that followed, Americans have protested and marched  for these voting rights. And out of this struggle, Congress passed, and  President Johnson, signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting  Rights Act to make sure that we kept these promises of our  constitution. So the Federal Government has had to intervene and we  have done so I am glad that we did.   So I hope that we will continue to say that these provisions that are  so important to guaranteeing the right to franchise for Americans, are  there, and that they are continuing to be modernized. I hope that what  we will do today is the start of an effort to focus on this.   I take my colleague at her word. I am sure she is sincere about  wanting to vote to help do something on election and our democracy. We  need to start that process today. We need to move forward, we need to  address these issues. We can't live in a world where we are not allowed  to move forward on a very close election in Washington State. That  wasn't the only one we had. We had another one, I think, was decided by  probably, you know, a few hundred votes. And were there issues? Yes.  And guess what. The system resolved it. The system found any mistakes.   I keep mentioning, you know, a gentleman who basically when it got  down to that somebody thought this was a Governor's race that was going  to get down to 10 or 15 votes, basically decided to say that he had  voted for his wife who had passed away, and admitted it because he knew  in the end that they were going to find out. And he thought it was  better to come forward and say I made a mistake. She had already  passed. I sent in her ballot. It wasn't something I should have done,  and we have a system that can work based on our signatures. It can and  does today. When you go in to vote in person, you sign your name, and  that is the signature, and that is the security of the system. And it  has allowed us to trace and find and now expand to vote-by-mail. And it  is time for us to say: Let's not make voting harder in the United  States of America through a system that basically disenfranchises  people, but make a system in the United States of America that is about  giving people these opportunities so that people can feel this  enthusiasm that we see when we successfully pull this off.   And what we need to be doing here is to show States that an 83  percent voter turnout in the State of Washington is a great victory. A  high turnout is a great participatory system, and that is what we  should be striving for with these reforms that are about security and  about our constitutional rights. I hope our colleagues will support  them.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following Senators be  permitted to speak prior to the scheduled vote: Blunt, for up to 15  minutes; Merkley, for up to 15 minutes; Klobuchar, for 10 minutes; and  Senator Schumer, for 5 minutes.   