 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  American Rescue Plan. This bill provides needed relief for our  communities.   Since Congress acted on the last COVID-19 package in December, over  100,000 Americans have died from this deadly disease. Economic growth  remains stagnant, millions of Americans remain unemployed, and many  worry that their jobs may have disappeared forever. And, even as  vaccine distribution efforts ramp up, it is clear that our nation is  not out of the woods yet. Metrics of housing insecurity, hunger,  poverty are all trending in the wrong direction.   While I have concerns about some of the changes made in the Senate,  overall, the package still delivers key aid to hurting communities,  individuals, and businesses that continues to be needed. This package  helps support child care, a key employment enabler--without which so  many women have dropped out of the workforce during this pandemic,  according to a growing body of evidence. It provides rental and housing  relief to prevent a wave of evictions and resulting hardships in our  community. In the long run, it costs the government less to keep people  housed than dealing with the consequences that follow eviction.   The American Rescue Plan gives critical support for our state and  local governments, which have been on the front lines of this fight  while their revenues have fallen. As a result, they have shed public  employees at high rates in the last year--a disturbing consequence that  must be reversed.   The bill helps put money in the pocket of hurting families, with  another round of stimulus checks which if the past is any precedent,  will be spent to meet immediate needs. It extends UI, funds SNAP,  provides additional help to get health insurance which is even more  critical during a public health emergency. It refills FEMA's disaster  assistance fund, provides funding so that schools can reopen safely or  continue to do virtual learning effectively, provides assistance to  public transit systems, and provides pension relief, among many other  provisions.   Does this bill do all the things I would want? No. I would love to  have gone further to deliver greater relief. But it is a good enough  start and helps address some key challenges and will help expedite  recovery in our communities on the long and challenging road ahead.   I thank the President for his leadership, as well as the Speaker, and  Chairman Neal.   