 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Perlmutter for yielding me the  time.   I am proud to rise in support of this rule and the underlying  legislation. I believe that each of the underlying bills that we  consider in this rule will benefit not only people across the country  but, in particular, residents of Pennsylvania's Fifth Congressional  District in a meaningful and tangible way.   The NDAA provides a 3 percent pay increase for our servicemembers and  their families, expands paid family leave, and makes long-overdue  changes in how the Department of Defense addresses the needs of  servicewomen.   The NDAA also makes necessary investments in our ability to handle  future deadly infectious diseases and key investments in military  infrastructure to support our troops overseas, but for the residents of  my district, the benefits go even further.   More than 4,600 people in my region are proudly employed in building  the Chinook helicopter, our country's premier heavy-lift aircraft, as  well as the Osprey, one of the Navy's most innovative and invaluable  assets. Our neighbors who build these incredible aircraft are immensely  proud of both their record of producing these aircraft on time and on  budget and their craftsmanship, which correctly supports our national  security around the world. I am proud to continue our region's  bipartisan tradition of Federal support for this critical program.   This bill is also important to the brave Federal firefighters in our  region who protect some of our country's most valuable assets.   Two of the first people who visited my office after I was sworn in  were firefighters Joe Love and Brian Collison. They told me that they  love their jobs, but the schedule imposed on firefighters in our region  was unworkable, leading to low morale, high rates of divorce, high  requests to transfer to other stations, and difficulty filling  vacancies. I have worked with my friend and colleague Congressman  Don  Norcross to secure language in this bill that will allow our local  Federal firefighters to adopt the alternative work schedule already  being used by the vast majority of their peers across the country.   Today's rule also provides for the Great American Outdoors Act, which  the House will send to the President's desk this week. This bill  benefits every region of the country by permanently funding the Land  and Water Conservation Fund and investing heavily in the maintenance  backlog at our national parks, both of which are important to our  regional economy.   I regularly visit many of the special places in Pennsylvania's Fifth  District that will directly benefit from this legislation, including  the Heinz Wildlife Refuge and Bartram's Garden.  [[Page H3104]]    Funding for the LWCF does not come from taxpayer dollars. It relies  on offshore drilling royalties. For every million dollars invested, the  program supports 16 to 30 jobs.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all the Members who worked so hard on  crafting these critical bills.   