 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  and rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 4502, a package of seven  fiscal year 2022 appropriations bills that will be considered this  week.   I wish the circumstances were different and I could support this  important piece of legislation that funds critical programs.  Unfortunately, after months of committee hearings and markups, this  year's bills have too many fatal flaws.   First, there is no agreement between Republicans and Democrats on the  top-line spending level for appropriations.   Second, there is no bipartisan agreement on the funding level for  each individual bill. To put it simply, nondefense spending is too high  and defense spending is too low.   Third, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have included  the most alarming policy changes I have ever seen.   While acknowledging the hard work of Chair DeLauro and her  subcommittee chairs, this package does not reflect the type of  bipartisan agreement that we must have to complete the appropriations  process this year. Instead of crafting legislation both sides of the  aisle can support, the bills included in the package were written to  address the most extreme views in the majority party.   At a time of record-high deficits and debt, now is not the time to  double down on increasing domestic spending.   Here are just a few examples of the excess spending included in this  package: a 36 percent increase for the Labor-HHS bill; a 39 percent  increase for the White House; and a 22 percent increase for the Vice  President's office.   All of this comes at a time when we are seeing inflation rise at the  fastest pace in 13 years. For the sake of generations to come, we can't  afford to spend like this.   In addition to these unrealistic spending levels, the majority has  made questionable policy decisions that will complicate any attempts to  come to a bipartisan agreement. For example, their funding priorities  will reverse the gains in energy independence that we have made over  the past decade and will actually increase our dependence on China for  critical minerals.   Another area that is particularly concerning is that this bill fails  to include longstanding language prohibiting the transfer of detainees  currently at Guantanamo Bay to the United States. These detainees are  the worst of the worst, and we need assurance that they will not be  moved to our soil.   Finally, the most startling position taken in this bill is the  deliberate removal of the Hyde amendment and other longstanding  bipartisan provisions to protect life. The bill also provides funds for  the largest Planned Parenthood affiliate in the country, which performs  thousands of abortions each year.   This is not the way to do business if we want to enact full-year  appropriations bills this year. With the House only planning to be in  session and voting for 12 more legislative days before the end of the  fiscal year, we have a lot of work to do and little time to do it. We  must develop top-line spending levels that both sides can support.   We have countless policy differences that will take time to resolve,  and protecting the lives of unborn children must be the first step.   If we want to avoid a long-term continuing resolution--or worse, a  government shutdown--we must get serious and do the work our  constituents sent us here to do.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this package, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Idaho (Mr. Simpson), who is the ranking member of the Energy and Water  Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Womack), who is the ranking member of the Financial  Services and General Government Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), the vice ranking member of the full Committee on  Appropriations, and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Labor,  Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Carter), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart), the ranking member of the Transportation and  Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Fortenberry), the ranking member of the Agriculture,  Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Joyce), the ranking member of the Interior and Environment  Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline), who is a member of the Appropriations Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Alaska (Mr. Young), the dean of the House of Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Alaska.     Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.   Madam Speaker, the bills we are considering today have some fatal  flaws I simply cannot support. Again, there is no agreement on top-line  spending levels, and the bills include some of the most concerning  policy changes I have ever seen in an appropriations bill.   The package before us includes excessive spending, jeopardizes our  security, reverses the provisions that protect life, and adds  burdensome regulations. Moving this package is simply a wasted  opportunity.   This is a partisan measure. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote  ``no,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.   