 Madam President, I am joining my colleagues today to  highlight the real harm that the President's overreaching vaccine  mandates are causing the people of Wyoming and the United States.   While I am vaccinated and support others making the decision to get  the COVID-19 vaccine to protect themselves, I am very concerned about  unacceptable actions by the executive branch to force Americans to get  the vaccine. Frankly, I cannot stay silent about these blatant  violations of personal freedom.   Over the last several months, the President has signed numerous  Executive orders mandating vaccines for Federal workers, contractors,  and employers with over 100 workers. This is unacceptable. These  mandates are far-reaching and burdensome.   Additionally, these mandates will not achieve the desired results of  stopping the spread of COVID-19. Instead, they will only further  politicalize healthcare choices, sow greater discord across the Nation,  and exacerbate our employment crisis. I worry they will also further  harm our supply chain issues. All of these should concern every  American, particularly with the holiday season rapidly approaching.  Consumers are going to face empty shelves in stores, and for what is  available, prices will continue to rise.   In the freight industry, these mandates could mean that up to one- third of employees will be leaving their jobs. On Monday, POLITICO  noted that several trucking companies are looking to end their work  with the Federal Government as the vaccine mandate deadlines loom  closer. This doesn't only impact the shipping industry but also our  defense and law enforcement sectors as well. Former Deputy Under  Secretary for Industrial Policy William Greenwalt noted that ``even a  couple of welders or engineers who walk off their jobs on a highly  classified program could wreak havoc with our national security.''   Meanwhile, it is more than a couple of individuals who are looking at  leaving. Defense contractor Raytheon says they expect to lose thousands  of employees when the mandate goes into effect.   Finally, I would like to give an example of how this is impacting my  home State of Wyoming. Across the Nation, we are facing nursing  shortages, but in Wyoming, it is becoming critical. I have heard over  and over again from my hospitals, clinics, and nursing homes that they  just don't have the staff. Many have left the field, whether due to the  strain of COVID-19 or because they believe they can find better work as  traveling nurses. This has left our healthcare community shortstaffed.   If we lose additional nurses from these vaccine mandates, my State is  looking at losing healthcare capabilities. This means turning away  patients and potentially closing nursing homes. These patients, at the  end of their lives, frequently have nowhere else to go. If there is no  one else to care for them, the healthcare system will be at the end of  its rope trying to find ways to care for these patients.   For these reasons, I cannot support these mandates, nor should anyone  else. Knowing the damage these mandates will cause, the President must  immediately rescind these Executive orders and find a better way to  keep our Nation safe.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  interns in my office be granted floor privileges until November 4,  2021: Alyssa Burleson, Charlotte Holding, and Tanner Weekly.   