 Mr. President, we have a clear objective right now, which  is to get additional, immediate relief into the hands of the American  worker and to do it fast. That is what we are focused on, folks. That  is what we have been focused on since passing the phase 1 package, and  then the House-led phase 2 relief package last week.   The phase 2 bill was not perfect, but I was happy to support it  because it was the right thing to do. It was the support that Iowans  needed. Since President Trump signed that package last Wednesday-- nearly a week ago--I have continued to hear from Iowans--those in our  hospital industry, those in the restaurant industry, agriculture,  trucking, retail, childcare, biofuels. I have heard from all of them,  one-on-one conversations about the need for additional and immediate  relief--relief for the young families in Iowa right now who are feeling  very anxious about how they are going to make that end-of-the-month  rent payment come April 1; relief for the nurses, like my cousin, and  the doctors who are fretting about going into work because they don't  have the personal protective equipment they need to prevent them from  getting and spreading the coronavirus; and relief for the small  business owner who so badly wants to able to keep her employees on the  payroll so that when we get through this pandemic--and folks, we will  get through this pandemic--she can get her business up and running and  can keep sending her employees those paychecks. We have a lot of those  small business owners all across our Main Streets and all around our  squares in Iowa.   I also think about the seniors across my home State of Iowa who are  probably worried about access to the medical services and the care they  might need during these very challenging times or the middle-aged  couple who have been looking at the market and seeing those markets  spiraling down every single day and wondering, What does that mean for  our future and for our retirement plans?   Folks, the American people are hurting right now. They are very  anxious. And now, more than ever, they are looking to us. Iowans and,  of course, all Americans need to know that we have their back and that  their livelihoods are our top priority.   What we have seen over the past several days is a very sad attempt by  folks across the aisle to stall and exploit this crisis as an  opportunity to jam through their political wish list. Folks, we can  have those policy debates. We can have those another day. But with each  passing minute we waste, more lives are at risk, more jobs are lost,  and more communities are turned upside down.   We are not going to play games anymore in the U.S. Senate. The  American people have made it quite clear: They need relief, and they  need it now. This phase 3 relief package is not and will not be a  ``Christmas tree'' bill. In fact, folks, it has been the product of  hours and hours of bipartisan negotiations from five different groups.  Those working groups have worked late into the night and over the  weekend to come up with a good bill for the American people. This bill  is squarely focused on getting immediate relief to millions of hard- working Americans across our great United States.   Just a while ago, the Democratic leader was on the floor, and he was  touting a number of these provisions. As my colleague from West  Virginia pointed out, those provisions the leader is touting have been  in this package. These are not new provisions. These are not new  provisions, folks. We should have, and we could have, advanced this  bill days ago.   This bipartisan phase 3 package includes billions of dollars for our  Nation's healthcare workers and our healthcare system as a whole. This  has been a big priority of mine--something I have heard from time and  again from Iowa's hospitals and healthcare professionals and something  I have called on Congress to respond to: billions of dollars for  additional personal protective equipment and other materials.  Healthcare workers are depending on us to help increase the supply of  the PPE they need so that they can continue to battle the spread of the  coronavirus and care for their patients, some of whom are our most  vulnerable.   There are billions of dollars for small businesses across our States  to be able to keep employees on the payroll and pay their bills. Again,  that is a huge priority for Iowa. Again, as my colleague from West  Virginia stated, about 99 percent of her businesses in West Virginia  are small businesses. That is true in Iowa, as well, with 99 percent of  our businesses being small businesses.   There are billions of dollars to provide direct financial assistance  to individual Americans to ensure access to testing and a future  coronavirus vaccine is covered at no cost--at no cost--to the  individual and dollars going to expanded telehealth and to increase  care for our veterans and also to provide unemployment insurance and to  defer student loans.  [[Page S1988]]    Folks, the list goes on and on and on. This bipartisan phase 3 relief  package is focused on the American worker and our American family.   Again, many of these provisions have been in the bill since the  beginning. These are not new provisions. We need to stop these stall  tactics. It is not time for long, drawn-out policy debates on the floor  of the Senate.   Folks, now is the time for action. It is time for Congress to step  up, put aside our partisan wants, and show up for the people of our  States.   I am an eternal optimist, and I have hope that we will be able to  come together and reassure the American people that they are our top  priority.   Each and every one of us in this body has an obligation to the men  and the women who elected us to do our jobs, and right now our job is  to get Americans the relief that in some instances they are literally  crying for.   To my friends across the aisle, I believe you know what the right  thing to do is. Join us. Put the people ahead of party. Help us deliver  additional relief to the men, the women, and the children of our great  Nation. Let's pass this phase 3 relief package today.   Folks, we all want you to stay safe and stay strong. God bless you  all.   I yield the floor.   