 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, this economic boost is desperately needed as our  Nation sits on such a dangerous precipice.   The bill offers hope to millions and millions of Americans, our small  businesses, hospitals, and those on the front lines, yet I am troubled  by the limited insight into how the last $2 trillion was spent and why  so much has yet to be disbursed. It seems little went to those who need  it most, while those with access had their takings.   Unfortunately, today's bill drastically shortchanges America's local  communities and first responders as calls and pressure to reopen mount.  Without data, it is shortsighted. It also offers no assistance to our  postal service, whose jobs hang in the balance.   Madam Speaker, Congress must move America forward a step at a time.  Lives are at stake. I urge my colleagues to vote for this important  bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this economic boost  desperately needed by  [[Page H1950]]  our communities. Our nation is on a dangerous precipice, an experiment  with thousands of lives in the balance. This bill offers hope for  thousands more small businesses, hospitals, and perhaps most  importantly those on the frontline, with an infusion of $25 billion to  ramp up desperately needed means to advance widespread testing. Testing  is the key that offers containment of this virus.   I am troubled. Troubled by the little insight we have into how the  last two trillion dollars approved by these hallowed chambers was spent  by the Trump Administration. We must ask why so much has yet to be  disbursed. We must question why little help was provided to those who  need it most, while those with access had their takings.   I am proud of the work of my colleagues, particularly Small Business  Chairwoman Nydia Velazquez, Financial Services Chairwoman Maxine  Waters, and our dedicated Speaker, who fought for $60 billion in  community lending and a $310 billion infusion into the Paycheck  Protection Program. This bill provides a great step forward and a vital  lifeline to small businesses across Northern Ohio.   Unfortunately, this bill drastically shortchanges the localities now  forced with overwhelming burdens, huge losses of revenue, huge cuts to  budgets, forced decisions of laying off first-responders or cut back on  other life-sustaining services. It also offers no assistance to our  postal service workers whose jobs hang in the balance.   Calls to reopen without science and data are short sighted. Shame on  Republican elected leaders who lead their constituents into the fire.  What our constituents need is real leadership to keep them safe and  supported until a bridge to the future for America can safely lead to  reopening. Lives are at stake.   