 Mr. President, this is a difficult anniversary for  people in Nevada and across the country. Tomorrow marks 4 years since  the Route 91 Harvest Festival attack. And on that day 4 years ago,  thousands attended a concert on a late summer night in my hometown of  Las Vegas. They were at the festival to enjoy an evening with friends  and loved ones.   Fifty-eight of them never made it home. I will never forget waiting  with families at the Reunification Center in Las Vegas, where they  braced themselves for the worst possible news.   Two more people have died of their wounds since the attack. Over 800  people were injured in the shooting and in the chaos that followed, as  people fled for safety. And countless members of our community are  still dealing with the emotional scars left by the violence of that  night.   For those hundreds of concertgoers and for their loved ones, 1  October is a lingering presence--one that can return in a rush at the  faintest reminder, like the sound of sirens or fireworks.   The day remains the deadliest mass shooting in modern American  history.   While a nightmare unfolded around them, hundreds of people sprang  into action to save lives, even at the risk of their own. Brave first  responders rushed to the scene to direct people to safety and transport  the wounded. Healthcare workers jumped into action. Ordinary Nevadans  stood in line for hours in the days after the shooting to give blood to  those in need. And businesses all over the State and country provided  every imaginable support, from food to blankets, to airline tickets.   I think about that contrast every time I think of October 1, 2017,  between the darkness of the circumstances and the light of our  community coming together in the aftermath. In the midst of terror and  heartbreak, a whole city, a State, a country of people showed up to  help one another. And I am so proud of Nevadans, whose first response  to tragedy was to help their community heal these painful wounds.   On that horrible night and the days after, every selfless act, large  or small, made a difference. From bystanders who turned their pickup  trucks into ambulances, to the thousands of Nevadans who put ``Vegas  Strong'' signs in their windows to show survivors that they weren't  alone, Nevadans came together to help.   Now, we cannot undo the terrible actions or tragic events, but we can  always do something to lessen the weight of these events. And even  though years have passed, we still owe it to everyone touched by this  tragedy to continue moving through our grief toward healing, and there  is still so much that we can do.   Every time we reminisce about those we have lost, we help their loved  ones keep the memories alive. With every donation to the memorial  scholarships, we honor those affected by the shooting. We help  survivors deal with the impact of this tragedy when we talk about the  mental health toll that the shooting has taken and when we work to  decrease the stigma around mental health issues.   I have consistently worked to expand treatment options for mental  health and substance use issues, and I will keep pushing in the Senate  to support life-changing care for those facing mental health  challenges.   We make it better when we advocate for commonsense laws to prevent  gun violence as well, like the ones we have passed in Nevada.   It is unbelievable that I am standing here on the Senate floor 4  years after I first spoke about this tragedy and that we still have not  been able to pass background checks and commonsense gun safety  measures.   The majority of Americans are with us. We need to act because Las  Vegas deserves it and so do communities all across the Nation. We  cannot continue to stand by as mass attacks and shootings take a tragic  toll all over the United States.   To the people of Las Vegas who continue to grapple with the pain we  experienced on that day, know that I am with you. We will continue to  work to create a permanent memorial at the site of the shooting to be a  tangible reminder of what we know; that even in the darkest times-- especially in the darkest times--we can come together to help one  another and we can make a difference.   I yield the floor.   