 Mr. President, I come to the floor today as a Senator,  a veteran, and apparently, according to Donald Trump, a ``sucker'' and  a ``loser.'' Perhaps my presence here is uncomfortable for him. After  all, according to a number of reports, he thinks nobody wants to see  wounded warriors like me who have lost limbs fighting to keep other  Americans safe.   Unfortunately for him, I am here, and I am here because the ethos of  the U.S. military is the exact opposite of the selfish, craven, ``me  first'' mentality that Trump has shown every hour of every day of his  life.   In the Army, part of our soldiers' creed was to never leave a fallen  comrade behind, and the only reason I am speaking today, the only  reason I am breathing today--alive today--is that, on November 12,  2004, after Iraqi insurgents fired an RPG through the Black Hawk I was  copiloting, my buddies embodied that creed.   They thought I was dead, yet they risked their own safety to bring my  body back home to my family, only realizing I was still breathing when  they got me to the rescue aircraft. Then these heroes, wounded  themselves, refused care until the medic attended to me first.   If it had been Donald Trump in that dusty field with me, or in any  other battlefield, our wounded like me would have never made it home at  all. But he never would have been in Iraq that day because Trump  fundamentally cannot understand the notion of sacrificing for your  Nation. He can't comprehend the true meaning of courage, the idea of  fighting for something greater than yourself, greater than your bank  account or your poll numbers.   He doesn't understand service, so he doesn't understand America's  servicemembers, the heroes--most of them anonymous to all but those who  love them, who have allowed him to sleep soundly in his gold-plated  Fifth Avenue Tower throughout his privileged, gilded life. Instead,  Trump has reportedly called those who have died or have been wounded in  battle ``suckers'' and ``losers,'' while just today it was reported  that he used the most demeaning of terms to refer to the military  leaders he thinks of as his generals, echoing comments he has made  publicly time after time when he slandered war heroes like John McCain  and Gold Star families like the Khans, acting, yet again, as if  bleeding to defend your Nation is something to be ashamed of rather  than a badge of honor, too ignorant to understand that he is the one  who should be ashamed.   I spent this weekend reflecting on the words of another Republican  President, who in the midst of crisis reminded those sitting before him  at Gettysburg the duty our Nation has to those killed serving our  country. In that address we all know so well, he declared that it is  for us, the living, to dedicate ourselves to the unfinished work which  they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced; that cause for  which they gave the last full measure of devotion.   That cause was a new birth of freedom in this Nation, the bettering  of our democracy, bringing our Union  [[Page S5493]]  closer to perfection, even though we know we can never achieve it.   What Lincoln understood--and what Trump never will--is that to be  contemptuous of American warriors is to be disrespectful to the whole  of the American people. When those lucky enough to serve in Congress-- or in the White House--raise our right hands and swear to faithfully  serve this Nation in these ornate hallowed halls, it is on us to keep  faith with those who have raised their right hands and sworn to serve  this Nation in the most dangerous war zones imaginable.   There is an implicit contract between our country's leaders and our  warriors: They and their families have entrusted us with their care,  their training, and the decision to send them to war. That  responsibility is a grave one. They will march to do our bidding on  command. They will cross the line of departure and begin killing the  enemy at our behest, with no regard for their personal safety or the  toll on their mental health.   If our leaders regard our heroes as ``suckers'' and ``losers,'' what  damage will be done to America's sons and daughters who comprise the  terrible swift sword? I can tell you right now, it endangers every  single one of them, and it endangers our Nation's safety.   If you care about nothing else, if you care nothing about basic  decency or troop morale, it is bad for troop readiness as well. When a  warrior goes into combat, they need to know that their buddies to their  left and their right will follow that creed to never leave a fallen  comrade behind; that no matter what, no matter how, their buddies,  their Nation, will get them out of there, even if it is just bringing  their body home to rest at Arlington.   It is because our servicemembers uphold the values of the military-- in the Army, those are loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service,  integrity and personal courage--that they are willing to sacrifice  everything for this country and that we have the greatest fighting  force on the face of the Earth.   Donald Trump, by contrast, has shown active disdain for each of those  values in his 4 years in office. He has shown the exact opposite of  every one of those traits, displaying no sense of duty, a laughable  sense of loyalty, integrity and courage--no, not to be seen. He has no  respect for those in uniform, and selfishness is his trademark rather  than the selflessness of our troops.   But if Trump's toxicity starts to break down those values within the  military, if we start to question why we care about those who have been  wounded or killed for us, if we start leaving folks behind, then people  will begin to think twice about signing up to serve. Families will  reconsider supporting their loved ones' decisions to enlist.   Those few, few Americans who were ready to take on that mission--that  burden--will start to hesitate because they will not know if their own  crew will risk their lives like mine did to carry their limp body back  to safety, but this coward-in-chief in the White House today is too  ignorant in matters of both common decency and national security to get  that. He doesn't deserve to be Commander in Chief of this military for  another 4 minutes, let alone another 4 years.   So, yes, I am disappointed that my Republican colleagues will be  objecting to passing my Senate resolution honoring our troops,  veterans, and Gold Star families and that they will not be condemning  Trump's disgraceful behavior that denigrates military service that has  dishonored the office of the Presidency.   Does any Senator actually oppose affirming the part of what makes  America not only great but good is the service of Americans who have  always placed the mission first, never asking what is in it for them?  Does any Member actually object to the Senate resolving to always  respect the sacrifices and bravery of those who became prisoners of war  or went missing in action?   I am confident that no one here actually opposes the Senate declaring  that we will always care for service-disabled veterans who have borne  the battle in defense of our Nation, recognizing that wounds of war are  earned by patriots who put America's interests before their own.   So what is the problem? If Senate Republicans actually agree with  everything I just listed, why would they oppose my resolution stating  the same? I know some may dismiss the resolution out of hand, claiming  it is nothing more than just a partisan jab at Donald Trump. To those  people, I would simply ask that they not rewrite recent history and  stop pretending that outrage over Trump's disrespect of the military is  something new or one that just originated with the Democrat Party.  After all, some of the very first public officials to speak out against  it were Republican Senators who continue to serve in this very Chamber  today.   When then-Candidate Trump claimed the late Senator John McCain was  not a war hero because Trump ``like[s] people who weren't captured,''  it was the Senator's friend from South Carolina who wrote: ``If there  was ever any doubt that [Trump] should not be our commander in chief,  [this] should end all doubt.'' Again, it was the senior Senator from  Florida who said much of the same.   I can only say that it is shameful that no one on the other side of  the aisle has stood up to condemn this President for the comments he  has made, for the fact that he did not make his way to that cemetery to  honor those veterans of Belleau Wood laying at rest in that foreign  soil, who were there not just for us but for our allies, for everyone  that they may never even know.   Today, I am here to ask, as if in legislative session, unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S.  Res. 685, which was submitted earlier today. I further ask unanimous  consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to,  and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.     Mr. President, all I can do is to implore my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to reassert their  independence, actually put principle before party and support this  resolution, which simply recognizes a basic reality. Trump's  denigration of military service is even more disgraceful today than it  was 5 years ago, as he is now at least supposed to be our troops'  Commander in Chief.   Former chief of staff of the Army General Weyand once wrote that the  American Army really is the people's Army in the sense that it belongs  to the American people. When the Army is committed, the American people  are committed.   The Army is not so much an arm of the executive branch as it is an  arm of the American people. He may have been talking about the Army,  but the sentiment holds true for every military branch, every one of  which belongs to the American people. It is made up of their sons and  daughters, mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, all of whom have  dedicated their lives to serve in the Nation they love on behalf of the  people they love. When Donald Trump mocks our troops, he is mocking  every American in every part of this country. When he derides wounded  warriors, he is just providing further proof that to him the word  ``sacrifice'' is so foreign it might as well be in another language.   When he makes fun of those who have fallen in battle, he reveals not  only his ignorance of national security but his own personal cowardice  and insecurities as well. To him, service will never mean anything  other than someone else serving him.   Trump may not want to see me here today. He may not like to see  visible proof of my war wounds, but he will keep seeing me here because  it is my duty to honor the heroes who saved me by using my second  chance, using every extra minute, every extra moment that I have to  look out for our troops and veterans from here in the Capitol.   I will take advantage of every extra breath I get to breathe because,  unlike Donald Trump, our men and women in uniform know what courage,  sacrifice, and service truly mean.   With that, I note how grateful I am for my Democratic colleagues who  are here with me today to show support for our troops, veterans, and  Gold Star families.    I object.    I cannot support the incomplete Senate Republican  resolution for a simple reason: We are not honoring the service and  sacrifice of members of the U.S. Armed Forces, veterans, and Gold Star  families in this Republican resolution. We cannot do that if we stay  silent and meek when confronted with President Trump's disgraceful  denigration of military service, prisoners of war, and military  families continue.   We can't control the offensive comments and actions of the President,  but the Senate can make a clear statement that our Chamber rejects such  disgraceful sentiments.   Republicans' refusal to criticize President Trump speaks volumes when  you remember that the outrage over Donald Trump's disrespect of our  military is not a new concern. It actually originates with Republican  Senators who were among the very first public officials to speak out  against his denigration of military service and prisoners of war. I  remind you that the senior Senator from Florida spared no outrage when,  in responding to Candidate Trump's claim that Senator McCain was not a  war hero, he stated: ``It's not just absurd, it's offensive. It's  ridiculous. And I do think it's a disqualifier as Commander in Chief.''   The Republican resolution is incomplete if it does not condemn this  President's comments denigrating our troops. That is why I am  disappointed that Republicans won't join me in passing my resolution  that recognizes the sad truth that Donald Trump never changed and his  denigration of military service and sacrifice is as disqualifying today  as it was years ago.   I yield to the senior Senator from Illinois.   