 Madam Speaker, I rise in full support of the Build Back  Better Act.   This is a historic day for the American people and for the future of  our country because this legislation is the most transformative  investment in our people in more than half a century.   As Chairwoman of the Health Subcommittee, I'm proud that the bill  allows Medicare to negotiate the prices it pays for prescription drugs,  just as the VA has for many years. Our bill also caps out-of-pocket  drug costs for seniors at $2,000 annually, caps the monthly price of  insulin for patients with diabetes at $35, expands the Affordable Care  Act to lower insurance premiums by an average of $600 per person per  year, and brings health insurance coverage to four million uninsured  Americans.   We're voting to tackle the climate crisis with the largest clean  energy investment in our country's history. Climate change poses an  existential threat to our country and our planet, and this bill  recognizes the scale of these problems by putting the U.S. on a path to  cut greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2030 and meet our climate goals  under the Paris Agreement.   This legislation dramatically lowers the cost of childcare and makes  pre-K universal for all three and four year olds in our country. Under  the bill, the vast majority of American families will pay no more than  seven percent of their income on childcare. We also improve elder care  by investing $150 billion to provide quality home-based care for  seniors and people with disabilities.   Every American family with an income of less than $150,000 will  continue to receive monthly payments from the expanded Child Tax Credit  for another year. This tax credit has already lifted three million  children out of poverty.   Very importantly, the bill restores deductibility of state and local  taxes (SALT). Prior to the harmful $10,000 cap that was put into place  in the 2017 Trump tax cut law, my constituents claimed an average SALT  deduction of $63,083. This bill raises the cap to $80,000 until 2030,  without adding a cent to the deficit.   All of these policies are fully paid for without raising taxes on  anyone earning less than $400,000 per year. Revenue is raised through a  new 15 percent minimum tax on businesses that report more than $1  billion in profits to shareholders. This ends the shameful practice of  large, profitable businesses paying zero in income taxes. It also  raises taxes on the wealthiest 0.02 percent of Americans with a five  percent surtax on incomes of more than $ 10 million and a further three  percent on incomes over $25 million. Finally, the bill provides robust  funding for IRS tax enforcement to crack down on tax cheats which the  Treasury Department estimates will raise $400 billion in revenue.   I came to Congress to solve problems and better the lives of the  American people. The Build Back Better Act is an economic launching pad  for the middle class and working families. Let history record that  House Democrats came together to pass legislation to drastically  improve the lives of the American people and that sadly, not one  Republican chose to join us.   