 Mr. President, the decision I make today is not an  easy one, nor should it be.   I have approached this serious task with an open and impartial mind,  as my trial oath required. I have studied the facts and the evidence of  the case before me.   I have been an attorney for over two decades, and I was the attorney  general of Nevada for 8 years. And I keep coming back to what I learned  in the courtroom. The law is a technical field, but it is also based on  common sense.   You don't have to study the law for years to know that stealing and  cheating are wrong. It is one of the first things we learn in our  formative years.   And you don't have to be a law school professor to realize that a  President should not be using the job the American people gave him to  benefit himself personally.   Abraham Lincoln reminded us that our Nation was founded on the  essential idea of government ``of the people, by the people, for the  people.''   As I sat on the Senate floor thinking about President Lincoln and  listening to the arguments in President Trump's impeachment trial, I  thought of the awesome responsibility our Founding Fathers entrusted to  each Senator.   I also thought about all of the Nevadans I represent--those who voted  for President Trump and those who did not. For those who did, I put  myself in  [[Page S935]]  their shoes and considered how I would respond if the President were  from my political party.   The removal of a sitting President through impeachment is an  extraordinary remedy. It rarely occurs, and no Senator should rush into  it.   Yet impeachment is a key part of our constitutional order. When our  Founding Fathers designed the Office of the Presidency, the Framers of  the Constitution had just gotten rid of a King, and they didn't want  another one.   They were afraid that the President might use his extensive powers  for his own benefit.   To prevent this, the Framers provided for impeachment by the House  and trial by the Senate for ``treason, bribery, or other high crimes  and misdemeanors.''   They didn't have to do things this way. They could have left it up to  the courts to hold the trial of a President accused of wrongdoing.   But they wanted to make sure each branch of government could be a  check on the other, which would bring balance to our system of  government.   And the Framers were specifically concerned with the idea of an all- powerful Executive who might abuse his power and invite foreign  interference in our elections.   This concern is reflected in the Articles of Impeachment laid out by  the House managers.   Putting aside the biases I heard coming from both political parties,  I focused on getting to the truth of the case--like any trial attorney.   The truth in any case that I have been involved with starts with the  facts.   For 2 weeks I listened to the arguments presented by both sides, took  notes, posed questions, and identified the facts that were supported  and substantiated and those that were not.   With a heavy heart and great sadness, I became convinced by the  evidence that President Trump intentionally withheld security  assistance and a coveted White House meeting to pressure Ukraine into  helping him politically, even though Ukraine was defending itself from  Russia.   This wasn't an action ``of the people, by the people, for the  people.''   President Trump used the immense power of the U.S. Government not for  the people but, rather, for himself.   We know these facts from President Trump's own words in a phone call  to Ukrainian President Zelensky in July and in statements to the press  in October.   We also know it through the testimony of 17 American officials--many  of them appointed by the President himself.   Those officials indicated that over the spring and summer of 2019,  through both his personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, and through American  diplomats, President Trump asked Ukraine to publicly announce  investigations that would influence the 2020 elections in his favor.   We also know through testimony provided during the House  investigation that President Trump tried to pressure Ukraine to  announce those investigations, first by conditioning a visit by  President Zelensky to the White House on them and later by denying $391  million in security assistance to Ukraine.   Some of my colleagues don't dispute these facts.   President Trump's actions interfere with the fundamental tenets of  our Constitution. Citizens do not get to govern themselves if the  officials who get elected seek their own benefit to the detriment of  the public good.   The Framers knew this. They were very aware that officials could  leverage their office to benefit themselves.   In Federalist No. 65, Alexander Hamilton explained why we had the  impeachment power in the first place: it was to respond to ``those  offenses which proceed from the misconduct of public men, or in other  words, from the abuse or violation of some public trust.''   With the undisputed facts condemning the president, I listened to the  President's counsel argue that the Articles of Impeachment were  defective because abuse of power and obstruction of Congress are not  crimes.   However, many constitutional scholars soundly refuted this argument,  and precedent supports them. The Impeachment Articles in President  Nixon's case included abuse of power and obstruction of Congress.   During this impeachment investigation, the President blocked all  members of his administration from testifying in response to  congressional committee requests and withheld all documents.   This action is absolutely unprecedented in American history. Even  Presidents Nixon and Clinton allowed staff to testify to Congress  during impeachment investigations and provided some documents.   The executive branch has no blanket claim to secrecy. It works for  the American people, as do Members of Congress.   In the Senate, the President's counsel argued that the House  investigators should have fought this wholesale obstruction in court.  Yet at the same time, in a court down the street, other administration  lawyers contended that the courts should stay out of disputes between  Congress and the President.   The President's counsel also argued that the American people should  decide in the next election whether to remove President Trump for his  actions. But if this were the standard, then the impeachment clause  could only ever be utilized in the second term of a Presidency, when no  upcoming election would preserve the country.   Most importantly, isn't the impeachment clause pointless if a  president can abuse his power in office and then completely refuse to  comply with a House impeachment investigation and a Senate trial in  order to delay until the next election?   The Framers themselves actually argued about whether Americans could  rely on elections to get rid of bad presidents. They decided that if  they didn't put the impeachment power into the Constitution, a corrupt  President would be willing to do anything to get himself reelected.   James Madison said that without impeachment, a corrupt President  ``might be fatal to the Republic.''   And through my oath of office as a Senator, I swore to protect not  just Nevadans but also our great Republic.   Our country, unfortunately, has never been more divided along party  lines. It played out in the House impeachment investigation and in the  Senate trial. The Senate rules for the trial were not written by all of  the Senators with bipartisan input. Instead, they were written behind  closed doors by one man in coordination with the President. In so  doing, the Senate has abdicated its powerful check on the executive  branch.   Without this important check, I am concerned about what the President  will do next to put our Republic in jeopardy.   We have seen that President Trump is willing to violate our  Constitution in order to get himself reelected. He has disrespected  norms and worked to divide our country for his own political gain. He  has undermined our standing in the world and put awesome pressure on  foreign leaders to benefit himself, rather than to advance the  interests of our country.   I have also learned from this trial that the President is willing to  take any action, including cheating in the next election, to serve his  personal interest.   No act in our country is more sacred and solemn for democracy than  voting, and nothing in our system of government is more vital to the  continued health of our democracy than its elections. No American  should stand for foreign election interference, much less invite it.   American elections are for Americans.   That is why I cannot condone this President's actions by acquitting  him.   Finding the President guilty of abuse of power and obstruction of  Congress marks a sad day for our country and not something I do with a  light heart.   But I was sent to Congress not just to fight for all Nevadans but  also to fight for our children and their future. To leave them with a  country that still believes in right and wrong, that exposes corruption  in government and holds it accountable, that stands up to tyranny at  home and abroad.   In my view, President Trump has fallen far, far short of those lofty  ideals and of the demands of our Constitution.   That requires the rest of us, regardless of party, creed, or  ethnicity, to work together all the more urgently to defend our  democracy, our elections, and our national security.  [[Page S936]]    I have faith in Americans because I have seen time and time again in  Nevada our ability to come together and work with one another for our  common good.   America is more than just one person, and like President Lincoln's,  my faith will always lie with the people.   