 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5918, the Emergency  Reporting Act.   The human impacts of natural disasters are worsened when our  communications infrastructure is not resilient, and this is an issue  Californians know all too well.   On October 28, 2019, 874 cell towers were out in California, caused  by wildfires and power shutoffs. My constituents were worried they  wouldn't be able to call 9-1-1 during emergencies, receive emergency  alerts, download evacuation maps, or check-in on loved ones. This  horrific situation led my good friend, Congresswoman Matsui, and me to  work on this legislation.  [[Page H4613]]    H.R. 5918, the Emergency Reporting Act, requires the Federal  Communications Commission (FCC) to hold field hearings after disasters,  issue preliminary and final reports about each disaster, and ensure 9- 1-1 centers know when outages will impact calls they may receive.   Wildfires are becoming more intense and more frequent because of  climate change, and this wildfire season is now a historic one, with  the expected peak of the season yet to occur. Over a month ago a siege  of lightning strikes ignited the CZU Lightning Complex fire in my  congressional district, and it is now the tenth most destructive  wildlife in California's history. The fire has destroyed nearly a  thousand homes in my district and forced 77,000 of my constituents to  evacuate.   Last year, I asked FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to visit California and hold  a field hearing following the fires and associated power shutoffs in  California, and many of my colleagues from California did the same. The  Chairman agreed to do so at the request of Republican Leader Kevin  McCarthy. While Chairman Pai never visited California, learning about  communications outages shouldn't be a matter of political pressure. At  a Hearing of the House Subcommittee on Communications and Technology on  September 17, 2020, I reissued my request of Chairman Pai to visit  California and hear directly from the people impacted by the wildfires.   We need to learn from every disaster, especially by listening to and  learning from local public safety leaders, municipal, county, and state  officials, and members of the communities impacted. This should be  required.   H.R. 5918 is critical legislation for Californians impacted by  wildfires. It will also help those on the Gulf Coast victimized by  hurricanes, Midwesterners who've had their communities destroyed by  tornadoes, and those in the Northeast who have experienced far too many  superstorms.   The Emergency Reporting Act is important legislation, and I urge my  colleagues to support it.   