 Madam Speaker, Republicans and Democrats agree that racism,  in any shape or form, is repugnant and must be denounced. I do intend  to vote for this bill, as I did last summer, when Congress considered a  similar measure.   It is interesting, however, that our colleagues across the aisle have  only recently deemed the cause of removing statues worthy of immediate  action. When you look at the facts, it is even more puzzling.   Since 1870, statues have been present in the United States Capitol,  and Democrats retained a majority in the House 40 times since then.  They have had ample opportunities to remove these statues that Members  of their own party are responsible for placing in the Capitol in the  first place, but have done nothing.   Again, the timing here is rather peculiar. After retaining the  majority 40 times, one would think that if this were truly a pressing  issue, they would have acted sooner.   For many years, I have advocated that North Carolina's statues of  Charles Aycock and Zebulon Vance be removed based on their ties to the  Confederacy. I have suggested that two statues of people that all North  Carolinians and all Americans can be proud of be put in their place.    I am proud that the first Republican majority in North Carolina's  Legislature in 140 years voted in 2015 to replace the Aycock statue  with a statue of Reverend Billy Graham. Yet this request has been  awaiting action by the Democrat-chaired Joint Committee on the Library  for months. If they were truly concerned about removing these statues,  they might be quicker to act on the requests to replace some of the  very same statues.   I will look past the times the North Carolina Democrat Party used  Governor Aycock's name in fundraising materials and the meetings they  held in buildings that sported his name. Maybe today's vote is to  compensate for the decades of inaction under a Democrat-controlled  House of Representatives. We will let the American people decide.   Republicans are always open for a spirited debate on this issue, and  I am confident that we can find common ground.   While I plan to support this legislation and recognize its underlying  intent, this is an issue that is way past its due date.   