 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 189, the  John Lewis National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities  Research Endowment Revitalization Act. This is a bipartisan bill that I  introduced with my colleague from Georgia, Congressman Carter.   It is fitting that this bill comes before us during National Minority  Health Month because this legislation moves us closer to ending the  public health disparities facing communities of color. We need to  understand why people of color are more likely to get certain  illnesses.   It is a tragic reality, but solutions are out there. H.R. 189 will  fund the research that will help us find solutions and save lives.   This bill would, once again, allow for current and former NIMHD or  Health Resources and Services Administration centers of excellence to  receive research endowment funding, money that is critical in the fight  to reduce minority health disparities.   The Research Endowment Program at the National Institute on Minority  Health and Health Disparities provides funding to the endowments of  academic institutions across the country, such as Charles R. Drew  University in my district, Morehouse School of Medicine, University of  Puerto Rico School of Dental Medicine, University of New Mexico School  of Medicine, Howard University College of Pharmacy, and so many others.   The goal of the program includes promoting minority health and health  disparities research capacity and infrastructure, increasing the  diversity and strength of the scientific workforce, and enhancing the  recruitment and retention of individuals from health disparity  populations that are underrepresented in the scientific workforce.   This is critical legislation that is going to play a huge role in  addressing and researching disparities.   During the COVID-19 health emergency, communities of color were once  again disproportionately affected. Research into health disparities is  more crucial than ever.   I want to thank my cosponsors, and I want to thank Chairman Pallone  for working to help me get this important bill to the floor. I urge my  colleagues to support this bill. Let's get this done and across the  finish line.   