 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today, with my colleague, the  Senator from New Mexico, Tom Udall, to call for urgent action by  Congress to respond to the needs of Tribal nations and urban indigenous  communities during the COVID-19 pandemic.   We have not done enough. We have not lived up to our shared trust and  treaty obligations. And in this moment, we are called upon to respond  to the historic injustice and systems of oppression and institutional  violence that are harming communities of color and indigenous people.   Over the last month, people in Minnesota and across our country have  focused our attention on the deep systemic inequities that Black,  Brown, and indigenous people face. This injustice is not new. It is as  old as the colonization of our country, but, colleagues, this is a  unique moment.   This public health crisis presents us with an opportunity to show  that we are serious about repairing the damage done by our broken  promises to sovereign Tribal nations and urban indigenous communities.   Some have said that COVID-19 is the great equalizer, but we know that  COVID hits hardest those without a safe place to call home, those  struggling with low wages and poverty and lack of healthcare, and  Black, Brown, and indigenous people living with the trauma of having  their identity and their very humanity called into question, even  before this virus spread.   The impact of COVID on Native communities has been devastating.  Native people have been hospitalized for COVID at five times the rate  of White people. In mid-May, the Navajo Nation reached a higher per- capita infection rate than any other hotspot in the country.   Why is it that COVID is hitting Tribal nations so hard? Despite  repeated calls from Tribal leaders and urban indigenous leaders, over  the past few decades, the Federal Government has stood by and allowed  the budget of the Indian Health Service to dwindle. They have neglected  Indian housing programs, and they have ignored growing health  inequities.   The Federal institutions dedicated to serving Indian Country are not  broken. Unfortunately, these institutions have never been adequate to  live up to our trust and treaty responsibilities, and they represent a  broken promise.   The Federal Government's failure has life-and-death consequences for  Native people--for their health, for their well-being, and for their  opportunity to provide for their families.   Think of this striking statistic: Unemployment in the indigenous  community in the Twin Cities is at a terrible 47 percent--higher than  any other group in our State.   Within Tribal nations, the economic impact of the coronavirus is  equally devastating. Early this spring, Tribal governments in Minnesota  and all around the country made the difficult decision to voluntarily  close Tribal enterprises in order to protect public health. As a  result, they lost significant government revenue and also experienced  massive unemployment, not only for their members but for members from  the surrounding communities. This lost revenue meant that Tribal  governments were forced to scale back essential services, like  nutrition assistance for elders, public safety, and education  programming.   In the CARES Act, Congress agreed to $8 billion in emergency relief  to help Tribes respond to COVID. Even after congressional action,  though, Tribal governments have had to continue fighting to get their  fair share of those dollars. The Trump administration argued that some  of this relief should go to for-profit Alaska Native corporations. Then  it took the Treasury Department 40 days to distribute just the first 60  percent of the funds to Tribes, and not until 2 weeks ago, almost 3  months after passage of the CARES Act, did Tribal governments receive  the rest. To be clear, these funds cannot be used to replace lost  revenue.   We have so much work to do to fulfill our commitment to indigenous  people and the simple proposition that Native families should have  equal access to healthcare and housing opportunity as White Americans.   When I speak to Tribal leaders in my State about this cycle of  historic underinvestment, inequity, and broken promises, I share their  frustration. I don't know how anybody couldn't.   Indigenous leaders in Minnesota know that a lack of housing on Tribal  lands leads to overcrowding, which increases the risk of contracting  COVID. Tribes have asked over and over for sufficient funding for  housing programs. They shouldn't have to ask anymore.   Indigenous leaders know a lack of access to healthcare and substance  abuse disorder treatment lead to chronic health conditions, like  diabetes, heart disease, and asthma, which worsen COVID symptoms.  Tribes have asked over and over for sufficient funding to address these  health inequities, and they shouldn't have to ask anymore.   Indigenous leaders know that a lack of access to credit and capital  prevents urban indigenous households and folks living on Tribal lands  from building wealth like their White neighbors, who can more easily,  therefore, weather the storm of unemployment.   Native communities have asked over and over to enforce fair lending  laws and to ensure access to credit for minority borrowers, and they  shouldn't have to ask anymore. Long before COVID, these inequities have  harmed indigenous people. Our inaction has placed Tribal nations in the  untenable position of having to ask for what they are already owed.  [[Page S4091]]    So let's take this extraordinary moment--a terrible moment but a  moment of real opportunity, a moment when our country is called to  respond to this terrible pandemic and to reckon with systemic  inequities that have hurt Native people and even sought to erase them-- and let's turn this moment to good.   We have an opportunity not only to address the public health and  economic crisis of COVID but also to live up to our obligation to  Tribes, like providing them with the tools to build resiliency in their  communities.   First, we need to provide rapid, flexible support to Tribal  governments so that they can respond to COVID-19 and provide essential  services to Tribal members at the same time.   Second, let's live up to our promises and fully fund the Indian  Health Service and the NAHASDA housing programs. When we do this, we  will be addressing the shortage of physical and behavioral healthcare  for young adults and parents and elders, and we will make it easier for  families to find affordable safe places to live and to build wealth  through homeownership.   We can do this. It is within our power. We can end this cycle of  underinvestment and institutional violence. This is the best moment in  a generation to accomplish this.   I am committed to lifting up the voices of indigenous leaders in  Minnesota and around this country. I follow their lead, and I will  continue to advocate for these changes because they are so long  overdue.   I urge my colleagues in the Senate to join me in this work.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   