 Madam President, I thank my colleague from New  Hampshire for her beautiful words.   I rise today to join my colleagues in celebrating the life and legacy  of a hero, an icon, and a woman way ahead of her time, Justice Ruth  Bader Ginsburg.   She was a trailblazer who exceeded all expectations and, through her  example, helped young people, young women across this country believe  that anything and everything is possible, and it is my hope that this  Chamber can follow in her footsteps and exceed expectations when it  comes to this precious democracy that we are supposed to hold and that  we are supposed to take care of.   A few years back, my daughter Abigail and I got to see Justice  Ginsburg--and I had met her a few times--but we were at an event, and  we had our photo taken with her.   Now, as you know, Abigail was in her early twenties, and Justice  Ginsburg had become a cult figure at that point in her eighties-- something we all aspire to--to the point where she had her own hashtag.   So we had our photo taken, the three of us. Afterward my daughter  came up, and she said: Mom, I got a photo of the ``Notorious RBG.'' I  am going to put it on my Facebook page. But, Mom, I hope you don't  mind; I am cutting you out. I just want one with RBG up there.   Justice Ginsburg literally made justice cool for a lot of young  people out there, and that legacy--that legacy, with all the people,  the outpouring of love and support you see at the courthouse-- continues.   When people told Justice Ginsburg that she shouldn't go to law school  because she was a woman, what did she do? She went to Harvard, became  the first woman to work on the Harvard Law Review, and then went on to  graduate from Columbia at the top of her class.   As has been recounted many times, she literally was called before the  dean of Harvard Law School, along with the eight other women who were  in that class of all of those men, and asked why they would be taking  the seat of a man. But that didn't stop her. Nothing stopped her. When  law firms in New York wouldn't hire her because she was a young mother,  what did she do? She became one of only two female law professors at  Rutgers University where she then wrote the brief that led the Supreme  Court to decide for the first time that the Fourteenth Amendment of the  Constitution should protect against laws that treat people differently  solely on the basis of sex.    When they told her that despite her expertise and her novel theories  of how to advance equal protection, when they told her that she  shouldn't argue equal protection cases before the Supreme Court, that  maybe the chances would be better if a man would do it, what did she  do? She argued six cases in front of the U.S. Supreme Court and leaves  with five out of six victories.   But she didn't stop there. She was nominated as the second woman ever  to serve on the Supreme Court after Sandra Day O'Connor. She was  confirmed in the Senate by a vote of 96 to 3. She served on the Supreme  Court, the highest Court in the land, for 27 years, standing up for  equality and justice, and, as I noted, she became an international icon  well into her eighties.   She did all that by never giving up, and that inspires me as we deal  with what is in front of us right now with this assault on our  democracy. When the odds don't look that good, you never give up.   One of her important majority opinions on the Court built on her work  on equal protection as a young attorney. In United States v. Virginia,  Justice Ginsburg wrote for a 7-to-1 majority that struck down the male- only admission policy at the Virginia Military Institute. So she not  only wrote the opinion, she got a number of Republican-appointed  Justices to join her.   When she announced the opinion in Court, she said that the equal  protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment prohibits any ``law or  official policy that denies to women, simply because they are women,  equal opportunity to aspire, achieve, participate in, and contribute to  society.''   That opinion was joined by Justices appointed by both parties,  including Chief Justice Rehnquist, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, and  Justice Kennedy. It was an example of the principle that guided Justice  Ginsburg, in her words, to ``fight for the things you care about, but  do it in a way that will lead others to join you.''   But she was also known for the opinions she wrote in dissent and not  only because she would wear what was sometimes fondly called her  ``dissent collar'' when the opinion was announced at the Court.   In Shelby County v. Holder, a 5-to-4 majority struck down important  parts of the Voting Rights Act that required jurisdictions with  histories of racially motivated voter suppression to seek court or  Department of Justice approval before changing voting laws, a process  known as preclearance.   Justice Ginsburg authored the dissent, joined by Justices Breyer,  Sotomayor, and Kagan, arguing that ``[t]hrowing out preclearance when  it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes  is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not  getting wet.''   After she finished reading her dissent in Court, she quoted Martin  Luther King, Jr., saying that ``the arc of the moral universe is long,  but it bends toward justice'' and adding her own caveat that it bends  toward justice only ``if there is a steadfast commitment to see the  task through to completion.''   To see the task through to completion is part of our job as stewards  of this democracy. We may not see it through to completion, but the  least that we should do is do no harm, and  [[Page S5759]]  the most that we should do is to make it better. That is what she stood  for, and that is what I hope my colleagues will consider in the weeks  to come.   As we gather here tonight, we must also recognize that Justice  Ginsburg's work, as I noted, is still unfinished. Many of the values  that she fought for--equality and justice--are still at stake. The  Supreme Court will continue to make decisions about equal rights for  women, LGBTQ equality, access to clean air and clean water, fair  elections, and workers' rights.   Just 1 week after the upcoming election, the Court will hear  arguments in a case challenging the constitutionality of the Affordable  Care Act which could put coverage for people with preexisting  conditions at risk. That is what the court down in Texas held. People's  healthcare is literally on the line. If the Affordable Care Act is  struck down, over 20 million Americans across the country could lose  their health insurance right in the middle of this pandemic because  there would be no requirement in place to protect them from being  thrown off their insurance.   When the stakes are this high, I urge my colleagues to grant what  Justice Ginsburg described as her ``most fervent wish'' that she will  not be replaced, she said, ``until a new President is installed.''  Those are her dying words. Of course, she used the word ``fervent''  because that is how she approached her life and her work.   At its core, Justice Ginsburg's wish is about fairness. It is about  what is right and what is just.   Four years ago, Leader McConnell created a new rule for Supreme Court  nominations. He refused to consider President Obama's nomination, as is  well known, of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court because the country  was 9 months from an election, and, in his words, ``the American people  should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court  Justice.''   So here we are, 42 days until the Presidential election, and people  have already started voting. They are voting in my State not only by  mail, as we speak, but also in person at early voting places all across  our State.   It is our Republican colleagues that set that precedent, and now they  must follow it.   Tonight, I urge my colleagues not to fill this vacancy until the  American people have voted. People are deciding right now who should be  President. If you go back in history, the only time a Justice died this  close to the election was during the time of Abraham Lincoln, when  Justice Taney died who was sadly, infamously, known for writing the  Dred Scott opinion. He died the closest to an election of anyone until  Justice Ginsburg.   And what did Lincoln do? He waited until after the election, until  after he saw if he won, until after he knew what the makeup of the  Senate was. He didn't do it because he was a wise man and because his  interest, as we know, was to bring our country together and to do  everything he could in his power to stop the divide and to have ``one  nation under God.''   My colleagues will have to decide what to do based on their own  integrity, their own commitment to justice. As Justice Ginsburg  demonstrated, lawyers fight for justice. If you live and breathe that  fight like Justice Ginsburg did her entire career, that is our job,  too, to fight for justice, but we have an even more extraordinary  burden and that is also to uphold this democracy and to keep this  country together.   Justice Ginsburg did it in her own way, in her own life. Despite  having incredibly different opinions about the law as Justice Scalia,  they were true friends, and she was able to work with him.   Well, we need to see more of that here. It doesn't mean that we have  to agree on who the next President is. It doesn't mean that we even  have to agree on who the next Justice will be, but our job is to  maintain stability in this country, to bridge that divide, to bring  people together, and to simply let the people decide.   I think it is because of that unique characteristic she had of being  a fighter, of being a hero, of taking risks, of never giving up but  also doing it in a way where people could feel that they knew her. Even  people who disagreed with her--including in this institution--respected  her.   Well, now the eyes are on this place, and it is our job to earn the  respect of the American people. The reason we have seen so many people  expressing their grief at the steps of the Supreme Court and across the  country is because of that respect. Justice Ginsburg opened doors for  women at a time when so many insisted on keeping them shut, and on the  Supreme Court, time and again, she made the case for justice.   For a woman of so many firsts, it is fitting that this coming Friday  she will be the first woman to lie in state in the U.S. Capitol. So  let's remember her fight, her legacy, and her fervent wish--all of us-- about securing equality, fairness, and justice for every person in our  country   I yield the floor.   