 Mr. President, later tonight, the Senate will vote on  comprehensive legislation to fund the government throughout the  remainder of fiscal year 2021 and to provide additional, long-overdue  funding to address the ongoing emergency needs of our country during  the persistent COVID-19 pandemic.   I am proud to have helped lead a bipartisan, bicameral coalition that  literally worked night and day to develop a commonsense plan that  provided the foundation for this final agreement.   There are many important components of the package before us,  including assistance for struggling families; additional funding for  testing, vaccine distribution, and healthcare providers; resources to  help our schools operate safely in a COVID environment; and aid for the  Postal Service and for airlines, airports, mass transit, and motor  coach companies that keep our country moving.   I come to the floor tonight, however, to focus on one aspect of the  agreement, and that is the extension and expansion of the Paycheck  Protection Program, better known as PPP.   As the Presiding Officer well knows, the PPP has been a critical  lifeline for more than 5 million small employers, at one point helping  to sustain the jobs of upwards of 50 million Americans. It was one of  the most successful programs in the CARES Act. It was so successful  that it went through the initial allotment of money in just 13 days,  and then we had to pass additional legislation replenishing it.   In the State of Maine, the PPP has provided nearly $2.3 billion in  forgivable loans to 28,000 small businesses--that is 3 out of 4 of the  small businesses in my State--and has helped sustain more than 250,000  jobs.   In its original form, the program provided one-time loans sufficient  to support 8 weeks of payroll, plus a limited amount to help cover  certain overhead expenses. All of this was completely forgivable as  long as the borrowers retained and paid their employees and kept within  the other parameters of the program. Our whole purpose was to help our  small businesses save jobs and pay their workers, keeping the employer- employee relationship alive so that they could reopen and Americans  could quickly return to work when the pandemic subsided.   When Chairman Marco Rubio and I, together with Senators Ben Cardin  and Jeanne Shaheen, put the PPP together at the onset of the national  emergency, none of us could have imagined that the pandemic would still  be forcing shutdowns and curtailing operations and that extreme  mitigation measures would be necessary these many months later. Yet,  sadly, the virus is still spreading, and many of the steps taken to  fight it, although they may be necessary to protect public health,  threaten catastrophic damage to many of our small businesses and their  employees--small businesses that have now spent their PPP loan funds  but are still unable to return to normal operations.   I talked with a restaurant owner in Bangor, ME, where I live, who  told me that he, because of the size of his restaurant and to comply  with the public health spacing and social distancing guidelines, can  only have four tables a night. Because the Governor of Maine has  imposed a 9 p.m. curfew, he can't turn over those tables to compensate  [[Page S7920]]  for the reduced number of people he can serve at one time. It is so  tough, and I could hear the pain in his voice when he talked about  having to lay off some of his longstanding staff in order to just stay  alive.   That is why the $284.5 billion provided in this bill to extend and  expand the PPP is so vital. The program improvements in this bill are  the result of months of work on the part of Chairman Rubio, Ranking  Member Cardin, Senator Shaheen, and myself. I am pleased to see that so  much of the Continuing the Paycheck Protection Program Act that  Chairman Rubio and I introduced this fall is reflected in this final  bill.   The final bill also reflects the very hard work that our bipartisan,  bicameral coalition put into assistance to small business. Senator  Jeanne Shaheen and I had countless meetings, Zooms, and phone calls to  work out the details in conjunction with the rest of the members of our  group.   I would like to take a moment to outline a few of the key features  that are included in this package.   First, the bill will allow the hardest hit small businesses to  receive a second forgivable PPP loan. To ensure that assistance is  targeted to those most in need, eligibility for these second loans is  generally limited to small businesses with 300 or fewer employees that  have seen their gross revenues drop by 25 percent in some quarter this  year compared to an identical quarter in 2019.   Second, recognizing the severe impact that the COVID-19 mitigation  measures have had on our restaurants and hotels, the bill maintains the  general terms for the loans for these entities but with an important  enhancement. The maximum forgivable loan size for hotels and  restaurants is increased to 3.5 times their average monthly payroll  costs compared to 2.5 times for other borrowers. This increase in the  loan amount will be so critical to the very survival of businesses like  Simones' Hot Dog Stand and Restaurant in Lewiston, ME, and the Angler's  Family Seafood Restaurant, which has locations in Hampden, Searsport,  and Newport. These small businesses all received forgivable PPP loans  during the first round, but, faced with continuing dining restrictions  and a long, cold winter, they are really worried about their survival  and about being able to retain and pay their valued employees.   Third, forgivable expenses under the program are expanded in very  commonsense ways. Supplier costs and investments in facility  modifications and personal protective equipment needed to operate  safely during the pandemic will now be part of the forgivable overhead  expenses. This is especially important to restaurants struggling to  adapt dining restrictions or to get a high-quality food supply because,  through no fault of their own, they have fallen behind on their bills.   Fourth, the bill extends the PPP to small 501(c)(6) organizations  that are not lobbying groups and that have 300 or fewer employees, such  as local chambers of commerce and economic development organizations.   Fifth--and I want to give credit to our colleague Senator Cramer for  this concept--the bill greatly simplifies the loan forgiveness process  for small borrowers with loans of no more than $150,000 and directs the  Small Business Administration and the Treasury Department to develop a  simplified loan forgiveness form for these borrowers. I remember when  the first form came out and it was 14 pages long and so complicated  that you would need an advanced degree in economics or a CPA to help  you figure it out, even if you had a very small loan.   The bill, to guard against fraud and abuse, also provides the SBA  with $50 million in additional audit funding.   Finally, the bill sets aside funding for smaller businesses and  borrowers in underserved communities to ensure that they get the help  they need through, for example, CDFIs and minority business  associations and depository institutions. It also includes $25 million  for the Minority Business Development Agency.   Mr. President, the Paycheck Protection Program is the result of a  bipartisan commitment to support our small businesses and their  employees, to keep them afloat, the businesses afloat, and the  employees paid during this pandemic. It has been by any measure a  tremendous success, but many of these hardest hit small businesses  require more help now in order to survive, and this bill aims to  provide that help.   Before I close, I want to talk briefly about another provision of the  bill, and that is the grant assistance provided for live venues,  museums, and movie theaters. Let me make clear that I support funding  for our community-based live venues. I know they have really been hurt.  They have had to cancel their seasons. They have lost all their ticket  revenues. They are in real danger.   I have enjoyed these throughout Maine, like the Ogunquit Playhouse  and the Center Theater for the Performing Arts in Dover-Foxcroft. They  are the heart and soul of our smaller communities.   I was disappointed to see that the final bill had stripped provisions  from our bipartisan, bicameral group that we included in our package to  try to keep the focus of these grants on these smaller entities.  Specifically, our proposal would have limited the grant amounts that  related entities could receive to no more than $10 million and excluded  museums with endowments larger than $75 million--commonsense  safeguards. Now, I do appreciate that the legislation sets aside $2  billion for entities with 50 employees or fewer, but I am concerned  that, as drafted, many venues and museums with significant endowments  and other resources could be the largest beneficiaries of this section  because of the safeguards that were stripped out by the negotiators.   For example, a museum in New York City, say, with a billion-dollar  endowment could receive an outright grant as long as the museum has an  auditorium and meets the other eligibility requirements. That surely  does not seem like an appropriate use of taxpayer dollars to me and was  clearly designed to help large city venues that will survive without  our help.   Nevertheless, I am pleased to support this package. This COVID relief  is vitally needed for our struggling families, for our hard-hit small  businesses, for our challenged schools, for our stressed healthcare  system, to promote the distribution of the vaccine and more testing,  and to help our overwhelmed Postal Service. I urge support for the  package.   I yield the floor.   