 As a member of the Budget Committee, we sat for many  hours on Saturday giving this Congress and the American people a  budget. So I know that the discussions of my good friends are purely  political, and the reason is this. In 2019, during the Trump  administration, Majority Leader McConnell, the very person who stood up  with such great profoundness and did not want to vote to raise the debt  ceiling in order to adhere to the Constitution, as the leader, he voted  to raise the debt ceiling, and he said: ``We will raise the debt  ceiling because America can't default. That would be a disaster.''   Is there any poorer recollection?   Then for those of us who are historians or love history, in 1789,  Alexander Hamilton, the Nation's first and greatest Treasury Secretary,  understood that the path to American prosperity and greatness lay in  its creditworthiness, which provided the affordable access to capital  needed to fund internal improvements and economic growth. That is why  we are known as the greatest economy in the world.   I would venture to say to my colleagues that the importance of what  we do stands on the premise of the Constitution. We the people have  formed to create a more perfect Union and for the general welfare of  our people.   Vote to increase the ability to pay our bills and stand worthy in the  world's eye.   I want Leader McConnell to remember his words. We need to do this on  behalf of the American people.   Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary,  on Homeland Security, and on the Budget, I rise in support of the rule  governing debate for RCP 117-16, S. 1301, the ``Temporary Extension of  Public Debt Act,'' which provides funding to extend the national debt  limit through December 16, 2021 and avoids a wasteful, irresponsible,  reckless threatening of one of the nation's singular indispensable  assets: the full faith and credit of the United States.   Madam Speaker, American families do not get to choose which bills to  pay and which ones to ignore; neither can the United States Congress  without putting the nation into default for the first time in its  history.   Long ago, in 1789, Alexander Hamilton, the nation's first and  greatest Treasury Secretary, understood that the path to American  prosperity and greatness lay in its creditworthiness which provided the  affordable access to capital needed to fund internal improvements and  economic growth.   The nation's creditworthiness was one of its most important national  assets and according to Hamilton: ``the proper funding of the present  debt, will render it a national blessing.''   But to maintain this blessing, or to ``render public credit  immortal,'' Hamilton understood that it was necessary that: ``the  creation of debt should always be accompanied with the means of  extinguishment.''   In other words, to retain and enjoy the prosperity that flows from  good credit, it is necessary for a nation to pay its bills.   Madam Speaker, if our friends across the aisle really want to shrink  the deficit, reduce the national debt, practice fiscal responsibility,  and bring about sustained economic growth and prosperity, there is a  much better, easier, and more certain way to achieve these goals than  by tampering with the U.S. Constitution.  [[Page H5533]]    The easier and better way is for the American people to keep a  Democrat in the White House and place Democratic majorities in the  House and Senate.   In the 1990s under the leadership of President Clinton the budget was  balanced for four consecutive years, the national debt was paid down,  the national debt, 23 million new jobs were created, and projected  surpluses exceeded $5 trillion.   Under President Obama the financial crisis and economic meltdown  inherited from his Republican predecessor was ended, the annual deficit  was reduced by 67 percent, the auto industry was saved from collapse,  and 15 million jobs were created.   In contrast, under every Republican administration since President  Reagan the size of the deficit bequeathed to his successor was  substantially larger than the one he inherited, a major economic  recession occurred, and economic growth was lower than it was at the  beginning of his administration.   According to Moody's Chief Economist Mark Zandi, it would be  ``cataclysmic'' for the United States to default.   Republicans know the debt ceiling needs to be raised; in 2019 during  the Trump Administration, Majority Leader McConnell and Senate  Republicans voted to raise the debt ceiling, ``We raised the debt  ceiling because America can't default[,] that would be a disaster.''   Madam Speaker, this debate over extending the debt limit is not about  restraining future spending, it is about paying the bills piled up  already under both Republican and Democratic administrations.   To preserve the sanctity of the full faith and credit of the United  States, protect American jobs and businesses of all sizes, and ensure  the continued growth of the economy, I strongly support the provision  in the bill before extending the public debt limit to December 16,  2021.   I strongly support this legislation and urge all Members to join me  in voting for S. 1301, the ``Temporary Extension of Public Debt Act.''   