 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Newman  for yielding and thanks to the Equality Caucus for organizing this  Special Order.    As the gentlewoman mentioned, I am the proud sister of a trans  brother and a gender nonconforming sibling. I am also the proud  Representative of Hillcrest, the heart of San Diego's LGBTQ-plus  community, so this issue is deeply personal to me and to the people  whom I love.   Every time that we hear about another trans person being murdered, I  think about my siblings and my constituents, and my heart breaks  because this epidemic of violence has gone on for too long.   For too long, trans voices have been silenced, ignored, and  disrespected. Whether they are trying to access healthcare, trying to  find housing, or even when they are just trying to go about their daily  lives, our trans neighbors and friends face discrimination, harassment,  and a pervasive lack of resources.   Even in this body, we have colleagues actively working to prevent  equality for the trans community who continue to misgender and  dehumanize our trans friends and family and continue denying them the  support they need and are trying to keep them on the margins of our  society.   This rhetoric and this anti-trans legislation making its way through  the country has real-world consequences. With the recent news of the  killing of Marquiisha Lawrence in South Carolina, 2021 just became the  deadliest year on record for trans and nonbinary people. This year  alone at least 45 trans people have been killed.   It is, at least, because all too often when trans people are killed,  the details of their lives are misreported. They are misgendered or  deadnamed in police reports and death certificates. So not only are  their lives being taken from them, their authentic identity--who they  really were and fought so hard to be--is also being erased. So we must  continue to say the names of people like Poe Black and Natalia Smut who  were killed this year in California.   Their lives are a reminder that we must continue to fight for trans  equality especially for transwomen of color.   As important as it is for us to celebrate the lives of the trans  people who were taken from us, we also need to celebrate trans people  when they are still alive. So this Transgender Awareness Week, let us  commit to uplifting trans people when they are still here not only  after they are gone.   I honor the strength and resilience of the trans community. I will  continue to make their voices heard in the Halls of Congress, and I  will continue to advocate for the support that they have been denied  for far too long.   I want any young person who is watching this to know that they are  perfect, they are loved, and they are needed in this world exactly the  way they are, and I will be here every day fighting for them.   