 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the memories of the  lives that were lost in Las Vegas on October 1, 2017. Four years ago  tomorrow, the Las Vegas community experienced tragedy on an  unprecedented scale.   Tens of thousands of people gathered that night for a country music  festival. They were there to have fun, to dance, and to enjoy a concert  with family and friends. That night, the fun quickly turned to terror  when gunfire erupted, taking 60 innocent souls and injuring hundreds  and hundreds more. In just 10 minutes--10 minutes--dozens of lives were  cut short and so many more were forever changed.   These victims were friends and family, brothers and sisters, parents  and children, and that night, they were taken from us. The people that  survived and the loved ones that didn't are still grieving, still  feeling that loss with every passing holiday, every passing birthday,  every single day their lives are forever changed.   Nevada will always feel that loss too. This was the worst mass  shooting in American history, and it happened in our State.   But I know our community is strong. We are resilient, and in our  darkest hour--and in the days and weeks and months and now even years  after--we remain united. We remain Vegas Strong.   We are united in our grief for those we lost but also in our  admiration for those who helped save lives and support others that  night: heroic law enforcement officers and first responders, everyday  citizens who ran toward the danger--they ran toward the danger to help  others--and countless Nevadans who waited in line to donate blood and  help people who were displaced in the chaotic aftermath of the  shooting.   As we reflect on the 4 years since this horrific event, I stand here  today--I stand here today to honor the heroes who put themselves in  harm's way to save others. I stand here today to honor those who were  injured physically, psychologically, and emotionally, especially those  who are still fighting to recover. Know that we are with you now and  always. And I stand here today to honor those who lost their  lives. They will never ever be forgotten. May their memories be a  blessing. And in their memory, we are resilient. In their honor, we are  strong. We are Vegas Strong.    I thank the Presiding Officer.   