 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Conference  Report associated with H.R. 6395, the William M. (Mac) Thornberry  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 (NDAA), which  supports our troops and includes critical provisions to remove  Confederate symbols from our military. The legislation also ensures our  country retains its leadership in artificial intelligence (AI),  cybersecurity, and semiconductor manufacturing. I'm proud that the  conferenced NDAA includes several provisions I authored or cosponsored.   The Global AI Index quantifies the AI arms race among nations, and it  has found that the U.S. is ahead of China today but ``experts predict  China will overtake the U.S. in just five to 10 years.'' This is why  it's so critical we continue to invest in AI, especially as it relates  to national security.   The conferenced NDAA includes my bipartisan and bicameral  legislation, H.R. 7096, the National AI Research Resource Task Force  Act, which establishes a task force of experts from government,  academia, and companies (large and small) to develop a roadmap for a  national AI research cloud to make available high-powered computing,  large data sets, and educational resources necessary for AI research.  The national AI research cloud expands access so that American  universities and companies can participate in AI R&D. My bill appears  as Section 5106 of the conferenced NDAA.   My legislation is supported by Chairman Eric Schmidt and Vice  Chairman Bob Work of the National Security Commission on AI; 12 leading  public and private research universities, including Stanford, UC  Berkeley, Princeton, UCLA, and Ohio State; research and tech nonprofits  Mozilla, Open AI, and the Allen Institute for AI; standards body IEEE- USA; leading technology companies, including Google, Amazon, Microsoft,  Oracle, and IBM; and startups, including Calypso AI and Scale AI. I  thank Representatives Anthony Gonzalez and Mikie Sherrill, and Senators  Portman and Heinrich, for their partnership in advancing this highly  important legislation.   I'm proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 6216, the National Artificial  Intelligence Initiative Act, comprehensive and bipartisan legislation  which establishes an initiative to accelerate and coordinate  investments and partnerships in AI research, standards, and education.  This legislation appears as Division E of the conferenced NDAA, and it  is a major investment in our country's future that will pay dividends  for decades to come.   The conferenced NDAA also includes language based on two AI-related  amendments I offered and the House adopted on July 20th. House NDAA  floor Amendment No. 131 requires the Joint Artificial Intelligence  Center (JAIC) of the DOD to report on its contribution to the  development of Al standards in multistakeholder bodies. House NDAA  floor Amendment No. 132 requires the JAIC to report on the assignments  servicemembers receive after they complete their duty with the JAIC.  Both were adopted as part of H. Amdt. 841 to H.R. 6395 and appear in  Section 231 of the conferenced NDAA.   I also cosponsored key technology provisions of the conferenced NDAA.  The CHIPS for America Act, introduced by Reps. Matsui and McCaul,  restores American leadership in semiconductor manufacturing and appears  as Title XCIX of the conferenced NDAA. I thank conferees for retaining  a provision I authored to ensure that small businesses are given  preference for grants authorized by the legislation (Section  9902(a)(2)(C)(ii)(IV)). A provision establishing the role of the  National Cyber Director within the Executive Office of the President,  based on the National Cyber Director Act, which I cosponsored, appears  as Section 1752 of the conferenced NDAA. This legislation is critical  to help coordinate cybersecurity at the highest levels of government.   I urge my colleagues to vote `YES' on the Conference Report for H.R.  6395.   