 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  266, the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.  Though this bill is far from perfect, it provides much needed temporary  assistance to small business owners and hospitals impacted as a result  of the COVID-19 pandemic.   This bill includes additional funding for the Paycheck Protection  Program and makes several vital corrections to loopholes in the program  from the CARES Act. A lack of proper oversight in the previous package  gave lenders the ability to pick and choose their loanees, therefore  leaving smaller businesses like hair salons, independent restaurants,  and dry cleaners, who may not have an established banking relationship,  left without sufficient financial assistance. I am proud that House  Democrats fought to include $60 billion in funding designated  specifically for small and medium-sized lenders, which will go a long  way in supporting small businesses bearing the brunt of this crisis.   Additionally, this bill provides critically needed funding and  resources to support our hospitals, medical clinics, and local testing  capabilities. We must ensure that when our communities are faced with  this public health emergency, our healthcare system can provide the  urgent medical attention they need. Included in this bill is $75  billion in funding to the Public Health and Social Services Emergency  Fund to provide resources to the medical frontlines, including for  personal protective equipment and health provider reimbursements. It  also designates $25 billion in funding for COVID-19 testing expenses  and mandates the development of a national strategic testing policy,  focused on increasing domestic testing capacity, including capacity for  testing supplies.   I am fighting for the city of Dallas, and all of the incorporated  municipalities in my district, that are getting hammered by the  necessary stay at home orders, to make sure that we receive funding to  provide for essential services like fire and police.   As I mentioned before, this bill is far from perfect. Two priorities  that must be addressed in upcoming packages are the need for increased  funding to SNAP, due to the exponential need for food assistance in our  communities, and expanded federal assistance to smaller municipalities  like the cities of Cedar Hill, DeSoto, Duncanville, and Lancaster, in  my district. Now, more than ever, we must ensure that the most  vulnerable among us are protected and that our local governments have  the resources to support them.   At the same time, I am inspired to see organizations step up to the  plate and help people in this time of need. Just last week, the North  Texas Food Bank, along with the Texas National Guard, Fair Park First,  Spectra, and In the City for Good distributed 6,500 boxes of food to  over 2,200 households across the region. Looking at images of cars  lined up for miles waiting to receive food should serve as a reminder  of how much more we must do to ensure our constituents are successfully  able to navigate through this crisis.   Mr. Speaker, now is the time to provide critical funds and support  for our neighborhood businesses; owners and employees. Now is the time  for us to provide critical funds and support to the hospitals who will  be fighting to keep our friends, family, and neighbors alive through  this pandemic. It is my sincere hope that the next COVID-19 bill will  better serve all of our constituents. I urge my colleagues to support  this bill.   