 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to use a prop  during my remarks.    Madam President, President Biden's economic policies are  causing nationwide sticker shock.   The price of nearly everything is higher today than it has been since  Biden was in the White House the first time. The cost of consumer goods  has gone up every month since January, and the markup in prices over  the past year is the biggest annual increase since 2008. The Democrats'  response to these rising prices is to simply spend more, which is  making the problem worse.   Paying people not to work is contributing to worker shortages. Not  having enough workers is resulting in service and supply shortages.  Combine these two factors with trillions of dollars of government  spending, and it all adds up to higher prices on everything for  everyone. It is a common story wherever I visit on my 99-county tour.  Because of Washington's upside-down economic policies, small businesses  are struggling to hire workers, and our families are paying much more  for far less.   Put simply, under Bidenomics, the price is up. Everyday products,  like  [[Page S4879]]  diapers and paper towels, are either increasing in cost or decreasing  in size, which is the same result: more money out of our wallets.  Whether you are eating in or you are dining out, the one thing you are  guaranteed to find on every supermarket shelf and restaurant menu is  higher prices.   A pound of sliced bacon has increased a whole dollar in just the past  year, and the fast-food dollar menu is disappearing. We are paying more  at the pump too. A year ago, a gallon of gas cost about $2.18. Today,  the price is just under $3 in Iowa. Nationally, the cost has risen to  about $3.15 per gallon and is expected to keep going up throughout the  summer. Meanwhile, rising shipping costs are lifting the prices of  everything from coffee to furniture.   All in all, Bidenomics has resulted in the biggest surge in inflation  in nearly 13 years. For Iowans who are living on a budget, these  unpredictable price markups are making every purchase a real guessing  game. They keep finding themselves asking if the price is right.   To demonstrate just how much costs are spinning out of control, I  have brought the wheel of inflation with me here today. Each of the  numbers on the wheel represents a price increase for a common household  product. It will tell us exactly how much more Bidenomics is costing  hard-working Americans.   So, folks, let's go ahead and give it a spin.   No. 8. In the past year, the price of bacon is up about 8 percent.   Give her a good spin.   OK. No. 5, and it is a black 5. In the past year, the price of  clothes is up about 5 percent.   No. 11. In the past year, the price of auto insurance is up 11  percent; and if you go to the 17 there, you will find that hotel rates,  the price has gone up 17 percent in the last year.   There are no winning numbers on this wheel. Again, every number  represents the increase of a common good American consumers are dealing  with. There are no winning numbers on this wheel. No matter how you  spin it, we simply cannot afford any more Bidenomics. I think the  American people will agree, all of these prices need to come on down.  But instead of addressing inflation, Democrats are trying to outbid one  another over a massive new government spending program they are calling  human infrastructure.   Want to guess what the price tag being floated by the chairman of the  Senate Budget Committee for this package might be? Three and a half  trillion dollars--all capital letters, folks.   The endless giveaway of cash and prizes may make it appear like  Democrats in Washington are running a game show, but we all know that  this is not a game. With our national debt approaching $30 trillion,  the bills are eventually going to come due. And you know who will be  stuck with the tab? Taxpayers.   What runaway inflation doesn't take from working Americans'  paychecks, the IRS will take to pay for the Democrats' never-ending  spending. We are all going to be paying back the trillions of dollars  borrowed to pay for Bidenomics, both in higher taxes and in higher  consumer costs, and that price--folks, it isn't right.   I yield the floor.   