 Mr. President, I rise today because our States, cities,  and Tribes are in trouble, and they desperately need our help.   State, local, and Tribal governments are on the frontlines in this  fight against the coronavirus. We have seen local leaders in each of  our States step up during this difficult time to do what is necessary  to mitigate the spread of this virus, to protect the health and well- being of their residents, and to prevent critical industries and  institutions from failing.   Their goal is the same as ours--to protect the lives and livelihoods  of the people whom they represent. I know this to be true in Nevada,  where dedicated heroes are working tirelessly to combat the COVID-19  pandemic in every corner of the Silver State. However, this proactive  and necessary response has not come without a cost. In addition to the  coronavirus, Nevada must also deal with an alarming budget shortfall  that has been exacerbated by a struggling economy that relies on  tourism and a massive drop in tax revenue.   Before this crisis began, Nevada had not mismanaged its State's  finances. The State had a record-low unemployment rate of 3.6 percent,  and we had a rainy day fund for emergencies, but we have needed to use  hundreds of millions of dollars from that rainy day fund in order to  try to address our budget shortfall. Nevada has a tough road ahead and  difficult choices to make, but Nevada is not alone. Many States across  the country are identical. They are in similar situations. Red and blue  States are facing this very challenge due to no fault of their own.  Cities and towns are struggling to contain the health and fiscal  impacts of this pandemic.   During a special session of the Nevada State Legislature, lawmakers  overwhelmingly approved a resolution to ask Congress and the Trump  administration for funding for State, local, and Tribal governments in  order to help offset an expected $1.2 billion budget shortfall caused  by this pandemic, and they needed the flexibility to spend it based on  local needs.   Nevada's Governor, Steve Sisolak, offered a stern warning, one that  applies to the whole Nation: Without additional Federal support for  State and local funding, States will be ``forced to make impossible  decisions regarding funding critical public health, education, and  more.''   Without additional State and local funding from Congress, our State's  budget shortfall will make it overwhelmingly difficult to provide  healthcare to everyone who needs it, to fund our local school systems,  and to pay our first responders, and it would leave countless Nevadans  in distress who rely on public programs.   The CARES Act established a coronavirus relief fund to support  States, Tribes, and large local governments. In Nevada, that funding  has helped to provide support for Medicare providers, which has allowed  continued healthcare for our seniors and treatment for those high-risk  COVID-19 patients. It has provided for enhanced testing and contact  tracing in our communities. It has provided for childcare programs that  are used by essential workers. It has provided home-delivered meals,  home healthcare, and support for families and their caregivers. It has  provided PPE and critical supplies, like gloves and masks and  sanitizers.   Does any of this sound unnecessary to you?   This crisis isn't over, and those needs are still here. I have spoken  to mayors and county commissioners across Nevada, and they are worried.  They must make it through to the other side of this crisis. They want  to protect and they want to secure their communities. They are counting  on us. They are counting on Congress to have their backs in this  effort. Congress must ensure that support reaches all Americans in  every kind of community.   One of the CARES Act relief fund's shortcomings was that it provided  no direct support to cities and localities with populations under  500,000. For a State like Nevada, that means, except for Las Vegas,  every other city in the Silver State would be excluded from direct  funding from the Federal Government. That is why, in April, Senator  Cortez Masto and I joined Senator Heinrich in introducing the  Coronavirus Community Relief Act--legislation that would provide $250  billion in new stabilization funds directly to cities and counties with  populations under 500,000.   We know State and local leaders are the ones best equipped to respond  to their communities' unique needs, and they are desperate. They  desperately need the resources to do this. Unfortunately, Leader  McConnell has refused to allow the Senate to take up the Heroes Act-- legislation passed by the House that provides continued support for  State, local, and Tribal governments, including those cities and  counties with under 500,000 residents. It recognizes that the pandemic  continues to damage our communities and that this recovery will take  time.   The Heroes Act would allow States to pay for frontline healthcare  workers, first responders, teachers, and other workers, and would  continue to provide those essential services to all of our residents.  The House passed the Heroes Act over 80 days ago--80 days ago--while  the majority leader's own proposed legislation, the HEALS Act, does  absolutely nothing to address the critical issue of State and local  funding.   Without action, States across the Nation will face consequences that  could have a devastating impact on countless lives. History will judge  the way we treated each other during this pandemic. Each of us in the  U.S. Senate is in a position to do something--just something. I implore  my colleagues to consider the lives of their constituents, to really  pay attention, to really hear what is happening in their communities  and in communities across this Nation--in town after town, in city  after city--and I want them to remember that we are all in this  together.   I yield the floor to the great senior Senator from the State of  Nevada, Catherine Cortez Masto.   