 Madam Speaker, I thank my dear and fierce colleague  from New Mexico for convening us this evening.   Madam Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the communities in my  district and across our Nation who for too long have been asked to  wait, for those who have had their justice delayed, time and again, by  inaction, obstruction, or the status quo.   I rise today because I support the worker and their family,  caregivers and childcare workers, parents and essential frontline  workers, our disabled siblings, our environmental justice communities,  and our immigrant neighbors.   For months, we held the line to ensure that we leave no family, no  worker, and no community behind. I rise so that we can secure the  strongest policies and investments for our most marginalized  communities, to deliver meaningful, tangible change to improve their  conditions and to impact their daily lives.   This week, the House has the opportunity and the obligation to  legislate justice and begin rebuilding as a stronger, more just Nation  that takes care of its people, not because it is good politics--I will  let the pundits speak to that--but because as lawmakers we have a  decisive mandate from the people to deliver policies and budgets that  value the lives and livelihoods of everyone in our communities. That  means passing the President's full agenda, which is the people's  agenda.   I represent Massachusetts' Seventh District, one of the most unequal  districts in the country and in the Commonwealth, where in a 3-mile  radius, life expectancy drops from 92 years in Back Bay to 59 years in  Roxbury, and the median household income drops by $50,000; where  childcare costs remain some of the highest in the entire Nation,  $21,000 a child for center-based care; where the rising rates of  asthma, extreme heat, and sea level rise disproportionately impact  frontline environmental justice communities like Chinatown, East  Boston, and Chelsea.   The hurt and harm in my community run deep, and I see it every day.  These inequities and disparities are not naturally occurring. They are  the direct result of decades of precise and intentional policy violence  and underinvestment that has been codified into our laws and our  budgets for generations.   In this moment, as we do the work to build back better and do so  equitably, we must be just as precise and just as intentional in  legislating and investing in justice, equity, and healing. That is why  we can't afford to leave any worker, any family, or any community  behind.   Madam Speaker, the Build Back Better Act is our chance to chart a new  path forward and reverse the generations of policy violence inflicted  on our most vulnerable, to finally make universal paid leave a reality  for the millions of workers, disproportionately Black and Brown women,  who have been pushed out of the workforce, left to make the impossible  choice between keeping food on the table or caring for themselves or a  sick loved one; for the childcare worker taking care of our babies but  can't make enough to take care of their own; to finally invest in home-  and community-based services for the elderly and disabled as the  critical infrastructure that it is; to finally make affordable  childcare and universal pre-K a reality; to combat climate change; to  close the homeownership gap; to rebuild our crumbling housing stock;  and finally to honor our promises to our immigrant neighbors.   These investments are possible; they are popular; and they are  necessary.  [[Page H6359]]    We can wait no more. There is no deficit of resources in this  country, only a deficit of empathy and political courage.   We must pass the Build Back Better Act this week and make the long- overdue investments that our workers, families, and communities have  been denied for too long.   Our Nation is in crisis. The urgency could not be more clear. How we  meet this moment will have lasting impacts, and history will remember  us for it.    Madam Speaker, I rise in recognition of Transgender Day  of Remembrance.   In 1999, Rita Hester, a transgender woman, was murdered in Allston, a  neighborhood in my district, the Massachusetts Seventh. In response to  this horrific tragedy, this day was created to memorialize the loss of  her life and far too many others due to transphobic violence.   The cruelty of transphobia is a threat that we must confront and root  out wherever it exists. Whether in music or on television or in the  hallowed Halls of the Nation's Capitol, there is no place for hatred  because someone is brave enough to show up exactly as they are and to  live their truth.   Yet in 2021, we have seen at least 46 transgender or gender  nonconforming  [[Page H6366]]  people killed. We have been robbed of at least 46 souls,  disproportionately Black and Latinx transwomen, and these are only the  ones who have been properly reported.   On the floor of Congress, we speak their names:   Tyianna Alexander   Samuel Edmund Damian Valentin   Bianca ``Muffin'' Bankz   Dominique Jackson   Fifty Bandz   Alexus Braxton   Chyna Carrillo   Jeffrey ``JJ'' Bright   Jasmine Cannady   Jenna Franks   Diamond Kyree Sanders   Rayanna Pardo   Jaida Peterson   Dominique Luscious   Remy Fennell   Tiara Banks   Natalia Smut   Iris Santos   Tiffany Thomas   Keri Washington   Whispering Wind Bear Spirit   Sophie Vasquez   Danika ``Danny'' Henson   Serenity Hollis   Oliver ``Ollie'' Taylor   Thomas Hardin   Poe Black   EJ Boykin   Aidelen Evans   Taya Ashton   Shai Vanderpump   Tierramarie Lewis   Miss CoCo   Pooh Johnson   Disaya Monaee   Briana Hamilton   Kier Lapri Kartier   Mel Groves   Royal Poetical Starz   Zoella ``Zoey'' Rose Martinez   Jo Acker   Jessi Hart   Rikkey Outumuro   Marquiisha Lawrence   Jenny De Leon   And Jahaira DeAlto who was murdered in my district.   Jahaira, a friend, a mother, and an activist spoke out 22 years ago  when Rita Hester was killed. As a survivor of domestic violence, she  advocated for gender affirming shelters and, with kindness in her  heart, opened her home to queer and trans people with nowhere to go.   Jahaira DeAlto's compassion will forever be her legacy, alongside her  legendary status in the ballroom community for serving ``everyday  realness.''   While we grieve the loss of loved ones, neighbors, and colleagues, we  must also hold space to celebrate their lives and the differences they  make in ours.   Transgender people are community organizers, military soldiers, and  justice seekers who have put their bodies on the line domestically and  abroad to fight for a safe and equitable society. They are artists,  healers, and entertainers who nurture our soul and spread joy wherever  they go. Most importantly, transgender people are beacons of hope and  pillars of courage serving as living testaments of what it means to be  unapologetically you.   While transphobia seeks to erase these truths, we must affirm the  dignity of every member of the trans community.   So I rise today to remember Transgender Day of Remembrance and  recommit myself to the work of justice and equity for all people,  including my transgender siblings in the movement for liberation. Our  destinies are tied.   