 Mr. President, I rise today to let all Nevadans  know the important steps Congress is taking to respond to the pandemic  we are facing right now.   The novel coronavirus represents a global challenge to the health and  economic security of Nevada and the United States.   My thoughts today are with those in Nevada who are ill or suffering  with the virus, and with the families of the six Nevadans who have died  because of this disease.   I also want to thank the brave men and women on the frontlines of  this crisis--the first responders and healthcare workers who are  battling to save lives, putting their own health and the health of  their families at risk.   I know there is a lot of fear and confusion in our communities right  now. Please know this, though: I am working closely with Governor  Sisolak and the Nevada delegation to ensure that our State gets the  resources it needs to stem the spread of the coronavirus, to treat  those who need medical attention, and address the needs of struggling  families and businesses.   I also know that we are Nevada strong. I have seen over and over  again that when things get difficult, Nevadans come together. When a  gunman attacked the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas, I saw how  Nevadans from all over the State worked heroically to help victims and  support families.   Nevadans are uniting now too. I am proud to say that across the  Silver State, people are doing their part to reduce the impact of  COVID-19.  [[Page S2045]]    Our Governor, Steve Sisolak, has shown tremendous leadership in  working to slow the spread of the coronavirus. As Governor Sisolak has  pointed out, if ``Home Means Nevada,'' we need everyone who can to  ``stay home for Nevada.''   Our nurses, doctors, and other health officials are working  tirelessly to care for the sick and to increase our capacity to deal  with the cases in the future. First responders, local health  authorities, sanitation workers, and retail workers are on the job  around the clock to make sure essential services are available to  Nevadans. Our gaming, entertainment, and hospitality industry leaders  took unprecedented steps to stop the spread of infection, including by  closing their doors.   So many Nevadans are contributing by working from home when they can,  caring for school-aged children, volunteering to help make masks or buy  groceries for elderly neighbors, and avoiding social interactions that  could spread the virus.   Everyone--every single Nevadan and each and every American--has a  role to play in this crisis. We need everyone to do their part by  following the advice of the experts and taking practical, commonsense  steps such as washing hands and practicing social distancing.   My colleagues and I in Congress have done our part as well. The  Senate has come together in a remarkable and bipartisan fashion to act  on three bills to address key healthcare priorities and to protect  workers and industry from the economic impacts of the public health  crisis.   Earlier in March, we set aside $8.3 billion to support hospitals,  community health centers, public health offices, medical suppliers, and  researchers across the country.   Next, we passed the bipartisan Families First Coronavirus Response  Act to provide free coronavirus testing, expand food assistance, and  mandate paid sick and family leave for workers.   I am proud to have fought alongside my colleagues in the Nevada  congressional delegation, including my friend and colleague Senator  Jacky Rosen, to pass today's third relief bill. We must pass this  today. It is quite simply the greatest single investment in our economy  and healthcare system in modern American history, and we need it.   In 2007, our State was hit hard by the recession. Through tremendous  effort, we came through it, but our economic recovery was slow. This  time, we want to make sure that our economy springs back quickly after  this crisis has passed and that workers have good jobs to return to  when it does. That is why we need to pass these far-reaching measures  to provide immediate relief to individuals, families, and businesses  suffering from the economic impact of this pandemic.   Nevada has an economy that is unique in the Nation. Our hospitality  industry generates nearly $68 billion annually and supports more than  450,000 jobs across the State. So I have been focused on standing up  for our gaming, tourism, and hospitality workers. I also wanted to make  sure that when we offered relief to big companies, there was oversight,  transparency, accountability, and worker protections in place. This  bill does that.   I am grateful to the many small businesses in my State that have  taken the hard but necessary action and closed their doors or reduced  their services at this critical time. This bill supports them as well  by providing forgivable loans and grants so they can open their doors  again as soon as it is safe for them to do so.   Most of all, I wanted to make sure we supported Nevada's workers and  their families, the hard-working people our industries employ. That is  why I worked with my colleagues to ensure key protections for Nevadans  and all Americans were included in this relief package. We fought to  expand unemployment assistance so it includes part-time, self-employed,  and seasonal and gig economy workers, who make up a key part of our  workforce in the Silver State.   Whether you are a dishwasher at a hotel on the Strip or a hair  stylist in Carson City, you will be eligible for up to 4 months of  unemployment benefits. Yes, we locked down direct payments of $1,200  for each adult and $500 for each child, up to a certain income level,  so our hard-working families would have money in their pockets to  recover from this pandemic. We successfully pushed to shore up our  hospitals and our healthcare infrastructure, to get them more money for  protective gear, supplies, and tests so they can provide patients the  best possible care, while at the same time protecting themselves.   We made sure that we also included our local, State, and Tribal  communities. We set aside $150 billion for our governments that are  bearing the brunt of the costs for their local healthcare systems.   That is why I support this legislation, and that is why we have to  pass this tonight.   I would be remiss if I did not say thank you to the incredible staff  who worked so hard these past few days, 24/7, to put this relief  package together in a bipartisan way--Leader Schumer's staff and Leader  Schumer, the negotiating team, the Senators whom I get to work with  every single day, their hard-working staffs, and my staff as well, who  worked late nights to make sure that we were fighting on behalf of  Nevadans.   I know this is a difficult time for everyone, but we are going to get  through this just as we persevered before. We will do it by rallying  around one another, as Nevadans always do. There will be moments of  challenge ahead, and each of us has a responsibility to answer these  questions.   Let's listen to the experts, let's take care of one another, and  let's be kind and understanding of what we are all going through. But  let's not lose sight of the beauty of our everyday lives, that familiar  rhythm we are all eager to restore. In Nevada and across the country,  we will be back at our workplaces again, solving our everyday problems.  Our children will be back at school learning for themselves how to make  the world a better place. Yes, we will begin the long task of grieving  those we have lost, but we will also be celebrating marriages again and  marking births with a newfound joy.   We will get through this together, and I promise everyone in the  Silver State that I will be fighting in the Senate to make sure we  rebound from this stronger than before so that Nevadans can get back to  work.   I yield the floor   