 Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 2546, the Protecting America's Wilderness Act. This legislation  includes the text of my bill, H.R. 2215, the San Gabriel Mountains  Foothills and Rivers Protection Act, which is the result of years  of grassroots advocacy and community engagement to improve protections  and access for these treasured lands.    The San Gabriel Mountains are the crown of the Los Angeles area. They  provide 30 percent of our water, comprise 70 percent of Los Angeles  County's open space, and are home to historic habitats of species like  the California condor and Nelson's bighorn sheep.   This immense natural beauty exists right in the backyard of one of  the densest urban areas in our country, offering recreational  opportunities like hiking, fishing, and camping to the more than 15  million Americans who live in the urban area nearby.   That is so important because the Los Angeles region is one of the  most park-poor areas in the country, which means that too many  communities do not have access to outdoor recreational opportunities in  their own neighborhoods.   Access to outdoor space has real, documented benefits for public  health. That is why protecting these lands is so important.   In 2014, President Obama recognized the decades of grassroots support  for this goal and granted my request to designate the San Gabriel  Mountains National Monument. Immediately, this made available more  resources to the mountains that resulted in cleaner rivers, improved  facilities like picnic  [[Page H1062]]  areas and hiking trails, and more rangers to interact with visitors.  Most importantly, it brought the entire community together to develop a  management plan for the San Gabriel Mountains, with over 40 members  representing a variety of stakeholders, such as water agencies, local  governments, and the business community.   But we are still far from done. This same level of resources and  protection is needed across the San Gabriel Mountains and the  communities that serve as their gateway.   The legislation before us today would build on the success of the  National Monument designation by expanding the monument's boundaries to  include the western Angeles National Forest, establishing new and  expanded wilderness areas, and protecting more than 45 miles of  waterways as Wild and Scenic Rivers.   It would also establish the critical new San Gabriel Mountains  national recreation area to bolster the connection between urban and  wild spaces, helping communities in the foothills and along the river  corridor improve access to the mountains and offer new recreational  opportunities for Angelenos.   This bill represents the work of so many, and they have come together  for a plan that would complete the vision of a community seamlessly  connected to the beautiful wild lands of its backyard.   Today, we have an opportunity to realize that vision, and that is why  I urge support for H.R. 2546, the Protecting America's Wilderness Act.   