 Madam Speaker, I take no pleasure in introducing this  resolution. No one asked me to introduce it, no one tapped me on the  shoulder.   I am a victim of violence. I know what it is like. I also was in the  gallery clamoring for life when the shots rang out in the Speaker's  lobby.   We are here today because a sitting Member thought it was okay to  post a deranged, animated video of himself killing a fellow Member of  this House and also attacking the President of the United States. That  video has been seen by three million people. It was up for over 2 days  before it was taken down.   Inciting violence begets violence. Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez has  become the go-to subject of the radical right to stir up their base, as  too often is the case for women of color. It is disgusting and  profoundly unacceptable. Tragically, the minority leader has not  condemned the video. For 8 days, he said nothing. Silence speaks  volumes. Silence normalizes violence.   Violence against women in politics is a global phenomenon. A 2016  survey by the Inter-Parliamentary Union found that 82 percent of women  parliamentarians have experienced psychological violence, and 44  percent have received threats of death, rape, beatings, or abduction.    The intent of these online threats against women is clear: Silence  them, strip them of their power, and discourage them from running for  office.   The Congressman defends his post, published with House resources and  posted on his official Twitter and Instagram accounts. It didn't stop  there. He sent an email to supporters that weekend stating that the  ``faux outrage'' was ``infantile''--this is not faux outrage. This is  not infantile--and the accusations are ``shrill'' and  ``hyperventilating.''   It doesn't take a rocket scientist to glean that this is gendered,  coded language. The Congressman shows no remorse. In fact, yesterday  the Congressman said, ``I did not apologize.''   Twenty-three Members of the House in the history of this country have  been censured for actions including insulting the Speaker or using  unparliamentary language. Certainly, conduct by a Member depicting  murdering another Member of the House deserves censure.   Let me be clear. If a Democrat did the same thing, I would introduce  the same resolution.   