 Mr. Speaker, the thousands of peaceful protests  and demonstrations that took place in the streets across our country  these past few weeks are a product of years of delay in action on the  issue of police brutality. Today, we take a meaningful first step  towards a solution by passing H.R. 7120, the George Floyd Justice in  Policing Act of 2020, with my full support.   It is my hope that this moment in our history will be looked upon as  a time when we as a nation came together, regardless of party or  politics, in support of sweeping, transformative change--and I believe  that this bill is the answer. Among its bold initiatives include  banning chokeholds that took the life of George Floyd and no-knock  warrants that resulted in the murder of Breonna Taylor; ending court- created doctrines of qualified immunity; and improving oversight  regulations to hold law enforcement accountable for misconduct. The  Justice in Policing Act is both a reflection upon and remedy for the  structural and institutional bias against Black Americans in our  society.   It has always been my belief that there must be a relationship  between the police and the community they swear to protect--one built  on mutual respect, trust, and communication. That is why I was proud to  see provisions included in this bill that support community-based  safety programs and establish public safety innovation grants for local  commissions and task forces to reassess current approaches. Empowering  our communities to reimagine public safety in an equitable and just  manner is a crucial step to bring about change in the culture of law  enforcement.   It is important to note that legislation alone cannot right the  wrongs of the past, nor will it assure unconditionally the very  liberties guaranteed within its text. Rather, it is in the hearts and  minds of Americans in every community that real, purposeful change is  initiated. To those who called my offices, wrote letters, or attended  protests over the past weeks to demand that Congress take action, know  that my vote today lends influence to your voices.   I'd like to thank Speaker Pelosi, Whip Clyburn, and all Members of  House Leadership, Senators Cory Booker and Kamala Harris, as well as  Chairs of the Congressional Black Caucus and the House Judiciary  Committee Representatives Bass and Nadler for the timely and thorough  manner in which this bill will be passed.   I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7120 and ask that the  Senate begin debate without delay.   