 Mr. President, if I can just congratulate my colleague  [[Page S7910]]  from Alaska and the ranking member, Senator Manchin, for their great  work of getting these energy provisions that have been--I don't know  how many Members, but I am sure just about every Member in our body has  had something to do with it and a lot of actual individual legislation.  So this was a long effort by our colleague, the chair of the committee,  and I thank her for her diligence on this. She has had many of us up to  Alaska to look at hydropower and alternative resources and how their  grid needs better connectivity and products that can withstand and  provide energy in subzero weather and all sorts of challenges that they  face.   But, clearly, these tools that will be in this legislation will move  us forward. So thank you and thanks to Senator Manchin for working so  diligently to get this finally over the goal line. It is a big moment.  Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor tonight to talk  about many provisions that are currently moving their way through the  House of Representatives and on our way to us. Obviously, our  colleagues here are, I think, relieved that we have been able to give  relief to the American people; that is, that we have been able to  extend unemployment benefits and add bonuses to those unemployment  benefits in the amount of 300 extra dollars per week, and we have been  able to expand the COBRA tax credit programs to help people who have  been unemployed and not been able to continue their insurance be able  to continue health insurance. This is very important for laid-off  workers in the State of Washington, like the aerospace workers.   We are very glad that we were able to give a stimulus check of $600  per individual and $1,200 for married couples; that we were able to get  the PPP program that helps small businesses so that they can continue  to try to make ends meet as we continue to work our way through this  pandemic; and that we have been able to give $9 billion to healthcare  workers who are stretched so thin on these battle lines, who need every  support that we can give them.   I want to talk about the rental assistance. We are at a point where,  if we didn't act tonight, if we didn't act before we left here, many  more people were going to be without homes. It is so important for us  to have these provisions and programs like SNAP, the additional money  for broadband, for healthcare, and for other things that are essential  in helping to communicate during this pandemic for both healthcare and  for education.   I also wanted to mention work that was done in tandem with this  legislation, specifically on the affordable housing tax credit. The  affordable housing tax credit was always important. Affordable housing  was always important, but in a pandemic, in a COVID crisis, it becomes  even more important. The affordable housing tax credit is something  that Senator Young and I worked on with Senator Wyden and Senator  Isakson, and we wanted to say that we needed to do more than what our  current Tax Code could do in helping build more affordable housing.   The affordable housing tax credit has provisions that have been in  law since 1986, but, actually, using the tax credits and how they  worked have been a fluctuating rate, so the consequence is that the  historic rate of what people could get to use the tax credit has  changed, and this legislation will put a floor of 4 percent in to give  investors a  [[Page S7917]]  bigger idea of what this investment can do for the market.   We believe that it will add, in the State of Washington, more housing  that is needed immediately, more housing that is needed on the national  basis, and help us stabilize things in the near term so that we can  work on affordable housing and how we can put more incentives for  people to build affordable housing.   People know affordable housing doesn't just get built. People don't  just go out and say: I am going to build housing at this low rate.   The tax credit is a tax credit that helps people do it by giving  those borrowers the ability to work with the tax credit. But the  American people have been greatly impacted by so many trends--baby  boomers reaching retirement age, not being able to save, people being  pushed out of the last economic crisis into a rate of unaffordability.  It really has been a dramatic increase.   According to the Hudson Institute, 60 percent of our affordable and  low-cost housing was lost from the housing stock between 1985 and 2013.  That is the housing that we had that was affordable. Basically, the  time period ends, and they end up being swallowed up, like so many  places in Puget Sound, into market-based rates. Literally, people are  pushed out of their housing, and then there is no other affordable  housing in the region.   These tax credits can help us build more affordable housing for the  long run. Over the next decade, nearly 500,000 low-income housing tax  credit unions and 655 other subsidized units will reach the end of  their affordability period. Just like I was saying, they are going to  get to a point where they are no longer in a protection of affordable  housing, and the consequence is that growth and demand are pushing us  even higher.   For example, seniors--10,000 baby boomers retire each day. That means  that those low-income seniors, those woefully inadequate to pay for  increasing housing costs, are going to be growing every single day and  putting more demand on the system.   For veterans, nearly 2.5 million older veteran households--almost a  quarter of men and women who helped protect our country--are cost- burdened. That means they spend more than 30 percent of their income on  housing. The lack of affordable housing in our country has been a  longstanding crisis, but the COVID crisis has made it much worse. One  in five renters is behind on their rent, and the eviction moratorium  expires in less than 2 weeks.   As I said, I am pleased that we are voting tonight, hopefully, on  this legislation that includes a 1-month eviction moratorium and $25  billion for rental assistance and that we will continue to work on  these issues. And I am glad that we are working on the passage of not  just the low-income housing tax credit fix of a 4-percent floor but  also that we will continue to work across the aisle on this legislation  moving forward.   At a minimum, the 4 percent could increase affordable housing  production by at least 130,000 affordable homes over the next decade.  That is critically important--130,000 more affordable homes over the  next decade. It could generate and help us with job growth--162,000  jobs and about $18 billion in wages and impacts to the economy.   Building more affordable housing helps us solve lots of problems. We  have an increase in demand, as I just articulated, and a COVID crisis.  Investing in affordable housing is very good for us in helping our  economy grow and putting a roof over people's heads.   I would also like to mention as part of the small business package,  the Paycheck Protection package, a provision that was supported by so  many of our colleagues to help make sure that we continue to get local  news and information out to the public. People understand that local  news has been threatened ever since the transition to an information  age and has certainly been challenged by what I think are unfair  practices by tech companies and the compensation for material and  proper reimbursement on advertising.   The issue for us is that COVID has created an environment where we  absolutely need to get the news, and we absolutely need to get the  local news. It is imperative that we do what we can in this legislation  to help small newspapers, small broadcasters, small radio stations that  didn't previously get helped in the last COVID package so they can  continue to communicate important local news to people throughout the  United States.   I want to thank Senators Schumer, Cardin, and, obviously, I want to  thank specifically Senator Boozman for working so hard on this  legislation with me and introducing legislation. I want to thank  Senators Klobuchar, Ernst, and many of our other colleagues who signed  on to that legislation, as well as our House colleagues,  Representatives Velazquez and Cicilline and Sensenbrenner, who also  worked hard on getting this provision in, and Senators Rubio and  McConnell for helping us in this process.   These provisions are important to help make sure that large public  institutions, like the University of Washington and others, continue to  also get information out to the public.   This news information and local information isn't going to go away  with the help and support of this bill, but it may be a lifeline in  helping us continue to make sure we have critical public health  information available to the public at all times, and, hopefully, we  will then go on to really understand what has happened to local news  and information and do something in the future Congress to help fix the  inequities that are existing today.   If I could, I also just mention quickly the issue about broadband.  This legislation that we are going to be voting on includes $7 billion  for more broadband priorities, $1 billion for connectivity issues for  Tribal country. I know, as the Presiding Officer knows, that Indian  Country needs a lot of connectivity. So getting more broadband into  those communities will be very helpful.   The COVID package also contains money, additional funding, that I  know Senator Wicker and others worked on for telehealth. Telehealth is  a critical path during the COVID crisis to make sure communities have  the ability to get expert advice into our homes, into our communities,  to connect people with information.   This telehealth grant is a very important program in the State of  Washington. I think we probably got something like $8 million  previously from telehealth, and this will help us continue.   I am disappointed that we did not include priorities in here for the  E-rate program to help close the homework gap. This is something  Senator Markey and others worked on very hard, and it is very  disappointing that we can't come to an agreement on something as  important as E-rate. This legislation provides the ability for hotspots  for people who may be going to college and not going to classes, but  are in or around a university.   I think that is a good idea, but we were prohibited from doing the  same thing for students at the K-12 level. One thing the pandemic has  shown us is that students are at home and need to be able to connect to  stay connected to their education schedule, to do their homework, and  to be part of the education system. I hope that we will address this  inequity in the bill in the future.   I am pleased that, working with Senator Wicker, we were able include  language that gives the Federal Trade Commission new authority to seek  civil penalties for scams and deceptive practices related to the COVID  pandemic. You probably think this is already something that was on the  books, but in reality, the way the Federal Trade Commission has  operated, they had to give a warning first, almost like a cease and  desist. The next thing you know, the same practice would pop up over  here, with somebody making a claim about how safe their product was or  how this would stop COVID or something of that nature.   In my home State alone, the FTC reports that consumers have been  scammed out of nearly $5 million since the pandemic and the number is  over $200 million nationwide. These scams can range in everything from  straightforward identity theft to making all sorts of accusations on  people during the quarantine period.   I want to thank Senator Wicker for working with us on this important  legislation. Now the FTC will be able to go after and find these people  on first-  [[Page S7918]]  time offenses. I think this is so important to do to make sure that we  are policing an environment where public health is so important.   I also want to thank Representative Schakowsky for leading this  effort on the other side of the Capitol.   I also want to talk about very important aviation legislation that we  were able to include as part of the larger omnibus package that is  moving through the House, as I said, tonight.   It is so important that we make safety a No. 1 priority in the United  States. If we want to be No. 1 in aviation, we have to be No. 1 in  aviation safety. Chairman Wicker and I worked with our colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to produce important legislation that improves  the safety reforms needed at the FAA--the safety reforms of oversight  of manufacturing and the certification process, and reforms that will  help us here in Congress better stay on top of the information as far  as the certification process.   This is so critical after the crash of the Lion Air 610 and Ethiopian  Flight 302, both involving Boeing 737 Max aircrafts and the loss of 346  lives.   I can never say how painful this incident has been for those  families. I can never say how much they have suffered in this horrific  tragedy that has befallen them, but I know that these reforms are what  are needed, and their help and support in passing this legislation has  been critical.   I want to thank all of the families who helped us in communicating  why the safety reforms are important, but I want to thank,  particularly, Michael Stumo and his wife, Nadia Milleron, who lost  their daughter Samya Stumo in the Ethiopian air crash, and to let them  know that, even though we are putting a big down payment on safety  reforms in the U.S. Congress by passing this legislation, this process  does not stop with the passage of this legislation.   We need to continue to do more to improve aviation safety and to  continue to act, even on a global basis, to be leaders--the United  States leading the way on what aviation safety needs to be.   I also want to thank our staff: Doug Anderson, Ronce Almond, David  Martin, Laurence Wildgoose, Jonathan Hale, Melissa Porter, and David  Strickland for their work. And on the other side of the aisle: Mike  Reynolds, James Mazol, Simone Perez, MaryAsa England, and John Keyes.   Many Members participated in the formation of this legislation. I  want to thank Senator Duckworth for her work with us on the NTSB  recommendations and flight deck alert system, which were part of this  package of bills to reform the FAA and the FAA process.   I want to thank Senator Moran for his focus on helping us build those  standards that we are talking about as far as the FAA going to ICAO and  saying: These are the continued standards for improvement in aviation  safety.    I want to thank Senator Blunt for his leadership on the Air Grants  Program, a very important program that we think will help build up the  expertise and knowledge of very, very technical subject certification  for people here throughout the process of oversight and legislating and  the executive branch.   I want to thank Senators Cruz and Blumenthal for working on such  critical elements in the legislation as to how the certification  process itself works and what we needed to do to continue to bolster  it.   Tonight, we are sitting one step closer to reforms that really will  be meaningful. It will return the FAA to being in charge of what are  the oversight members of manufacturers who are doing the work of the  certification process. It is clear that the individuals who are part of  this unit report to the FAA. They are supervised by the FAA. You can no  longer have incentives at the FAA for expediting work. You, basically,  now have a new whistleblower protection, thanks to my colleague Senator  Wicker and his incredible work on this legislation. You have better  accountability on misconduct. You create new safety reporting standards  for the FAA employees.   We repeal authorities that would permit a certification by industry.  That industry could continue to make recommendations about the  certification process is something, in specific provisions, that are  repealed here.   We also prohibit interference with FAA designees. That is, no one can  try to influence a manager or someone directly involved in the  certification of the process. We also tried to make sure the process  itself worked better. And, again, many of my colleagues played critical  roles in this.   On required safety system analysis on any plane coming through the  process--whether it was new or a derivative--you still have to do a  safety system analysis. You have to have regulations that are the most  up-to-date as it relates to making sure you comply, as we said in this  legislation, with the NTSB recommendations on flight crew alert systems  and to mandate a safety management system for manufacturers. This is  something that is long overdue. And in some instances, people said: Oh,  the OMB and executive branch don't think we need to do these things.  Oh, these things are cost prohibitive. These are regulations we don't  need to put in place.   Trust me, having a safety management system is essential, and we  should make sure that this is in place as this legislation requires  within the next few years.   This legislation also requires disclosure of safety critical  information. This was something, as I said, our colleagues, Senators  Blumenthal and Cruz and many others, worked on as part of this  legislation.   It also provides expert teams of panels. At the beginning of any kind  of certification process, the FAA will be assisted by the best experts  in aviation, whether they come from NASA or the Air Force or outside  individuals who understand the latest and greatest technology. Why do  we have that? Because we know that we are in an era of unbelievable  technological change in which now the human interface with technology  is so critical. Whether you are going to be in driverless cars or  whether you are in Amtrak with positive train control or you are in the  flight deck of an airplane and the software that is working with it, we  need to understand how people are going to respond to human factors.   We all get frustrated with our own computers and our own software,  but we need to put safety first when it comes to a pilot interacting  with that software in the cockpit of an airplane.   It also helps us make sure that the process for the certification  appeals are strengthened and that we tighten the process. We need to  listen to the engineers on the ground. The engineers are telling us  what we need to do, and we need to listen to them. I hope that the  leaders, both within manufacturing and the FAA, will do that.   As I mentioned, this legislation establishes a National Air Grant  Program. Some of you can think of it here on Capitol Hill as similar to  the Sea Grant Program, a program that was long-established to give us  technical expertise on OSHA and maritime issues here in Congress. We  want the same thing for aviation to exist.   It is too important of a sector and safety is too important to not  have a technical skill set here that can stay on top and replace  individuals as retirements happen throughout the aviation system.   It requires disclosures to Congress of post-crash assessments. If the  FAA goes and investigates a crash, you have to notify Congress of that  information. Why? We want to stay more on top of that information. It  requires an identification of safety trends. I have no doubt that we  are going to hear--when it comes back as these annual reports for the  next several years--that this issue of human interaction in a  technology cockpit is going to continue to be the largest safety trend  issue, just as it is going to be in the automotive area and just as it  is going to be in transportation.   Those are just some of the highlights of a very comprehensive safety  reform legislation.   I want to thank my colleague Senator Wicker for his help, his  leadership, his most recent report on whistleblower activity, and  helping us get this legislation over the goal line.   I also, as I said, want to thank, again, those families. Our hearts  and sympathies are still every day with you as you continue to face  moving forward. We are not going to forget. We are going to continue to  put safety as the biggest priority for us here in the U.S. Congress and  continue to move  [[Page S7919]]  forward on a process that puts the individual engineers on the line  responsible for safety to make sure everyone continues to listen to  their directives and their recommendations.   I yield the floor.   