 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   I rise to support the Delivering for America Act, to protect a pillar  of our democracy and fortify a lifeline so many Americans count on.   This bill would provide urgently needed Postal Service funding and  bar its leaders from compromising its services during this COVID-19  crisis.   We all know the motto: ``Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of  night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed  rounds.'' But, of course, no one foresaw that any American President  would willingly crowbar our mail system to sway an election. So the  Delivering for America Act will safeguard our democracy from any  Presidential subversion.   This legislation will also allow our mail carriers to do their job by  ensuring overtime and proper equipment are available.   It will make sure intentional service delays are avoided so our  seniors get their Social Security checks and prescriptions.    It defends our veterans, who count on this noble occupation for work  and rely on the postal system to deliver their medicine.   My State, Florida, just completed a primary where nearly 60 percent  of the counted ballots arrived by mail. Savvy seniors and residents  reeling from a summer of viral outbreaks wanted the safety that only  mail-in balloting provided.   This year, our country saw half a million primary ballots rejected,  and a main reason they get tossed is due to postal delays.   These brave frontline workers are delivering goods amid a pandemic,  and it has taken its toll on their workforce. So in a State like  Florida, known for its razor-thin Presidential elections, we can't  afford to have 59 sorting machines left on the sidelines.   Blocking postal employees from overtime is not an option, especially  when it may hold up hundreds of ballots that decide the Presidency.   The Delivering for America Act helps defend our democracy from the  hypocrisy of a President who casts mail-in ballots himself one day,  then tries to meddle in our neighbor's mailbox the next.   Don't mess with the USPS. Pass this good bill.   