 Mr. President, I echo the sentiments expressed by my  colleague from Minnesota, and I rise today in support of the nomination  of Vanita Gupta to be Associate Attorney General of the United States.  Today, I am focusing my remarks on Ms. Gupta, but I will have some  words of support for Kristen Clarke later.   For 4 years, Donald Trump treated the Justice Department like his  personal law firm. He ordered that the Department's attorneys drop  charges or reduce sentencing recommendations against his friends and  cronies. He ordered investigations and prosecutions against his  political enemies. He even had the Department step in to defend him  against the defamation claim relating to an allegation of rape.   By the end of the Trump administration, the Justice Department's  reputation was tarnished and the morale of its employees was lower than  at any point since Watergate.   Thankfully, President Biden has named a professional, highly  qualified team to lead the Justice Department and to restore its place  of prominence and moral authority in following the rule of law.   It is significant that the Senate confirmed Merrick Garland as  Attorney General and will shortly confirm Lisa Monaco as Deputy  Attorney General with strong bipartisan support.   I am disappointed that Vanita Gupta, a similarly well-qualified  nominee, is not receiving the same bipartisan support.   A few weeks ago, I sat in the Judiciary Committee for nearly 2 hours,  listening to my Republican colleagues smear Ms. Gupta with lies about  her record--lies like that she wants to decriminalize all drugs, that  she wants to defund the police, that she is somehow responsible for the  production of crystal meth in Mexico.   When Chair Durbin finally called for a vote, not a single Republican  supported Ms. Gupta's nomination. As I sat there listening to these  lies and smears, I asked myself a question, and I am still pondering  that question today: What exactly are Republicans afraid of?   Unlike many of President Trump's nominees, Vanita Gupta is actually  qualified to help lead the Justice Department. Throughout her career,  Ms. Gupta has shown the strategic acumen, dogged determination, and  coalition-building skills necessary to navigate the challenges facing  our country.   As a young attorney with the ACLU, she worked to exonerate 38  wrongfully convicted men and women in Tulia, TX. Mostly people of  color, these individuals had been convicted of drug crimes based on the  testimony of a single undercover police officer and sentenced to prison  for periods of up to 434 years.   Ms. Gupta was able to show that the officer was racially biased and  had a reputation for dishonesty. She demonstrated that he falsified  reports and misidentified defendants. In light of this evidence, the  court found that the officer ``may be the most devious, non-responsive  law enforcement witness this Court has witnessed in 25 years on the  bench in Texas.''   The case was so compelling that then-Texas Governor Rick Perry  pardoned 35 of the defendants. It was such a miscarriage of justice  that those pardoned individuals ultimately received a $6 million  settlement.   Ms. Gupta later went on to lead the Justice Department Civil Rights  Division. In this role, she stood up to the rights of transgender  students and prisoners, fought discrimination against servicemembers,  and defended the right to vote.   From there, Ms. Gupta served as President and CEO of the Leadership  Conference on Civil and Human Rights where, among other things, she  played a key role in passing the most significant criminal justice  reform package in years.   Ms. Gupta's qualifications are borne out in this experience and in  the widespread support that she has received. Conservative leaders and  longtime Republicans like Michael Chertoff, Grover Norquist, and  Michael Steele have praised Ms. Gupta as a consensus builder on  critical issues like voting rights and criminal justice reform.   Every major law enforcement organization, including the Fraternal  Order of Police and National Sheriffs' Association, has endorsed Ms.  Gupta's nomination.   In light of this widespread support, it is tough to take the  criticisms I hear from my colleagues on the other side seriously. If  Ms. Gupta supported defunding the police or decriminalizing all drugs,  how did she manage to get universal support from the law enforcement  community? If she is such a radical progressive, why are people like  Grover Norquist and the former general counsel and senior vice  president of Koch Industries endorsing her nomination?   Republican criticism of Ms. Gupta is also hard to take seriously  after they spent the past 4 years--4 years, and I was there--pushing  through some DOJ and judicial nominees who were either wholly  unqualified, openly supported disenfranchisement of Black Americans, or  were even credibly accused of sexual assault.   After 4 years of permissive deference to Donald Trump, it is rich to  hear my Republican colleagues attacking and demeaning a strong, smart,  and highly qualified woman of color like Vanita Gupta to serve in the  Justice Department. Their attacks aren't an exercise of the Senate's  constitutional duty to provide advice and consent. It is pure partisan  politics at its worst.   President Biden nominated Vanita Gupta to serve as Associate Attorney  General because she is the best person for the job, and the Senate  should confirm her without further delay.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   