 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for  yielding.   Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this bill, the Protecting Older  Workers Against Discrimination Act.   Older workers who bring suit for age discrimination are often  ostracized at their workplace. They open their lives to invasive probes  by defense counsel through written discovery, by deposition, and,  ultimately, testifying at a trial.   These probes are often meant to embarrass rather than seek the truth.  When our older workers finally reach the courthouse door, it is often  almost closed before they even get to the courtroom.   As a former civil litigator, I have brought and defended multiple age  discrimination cases. These are very emotional and difficult claims.   No one likes getting older, but when one has to put one's age in full  view of all because of perceived discrimination at work, an older  worker then has to experience the scrutiny of lawyers, judges, and  juries to prove that he or she was discriminated against because of  age.   But worse, our older workers are, again, discriminated against when  they seek redress from the courts. That is because the Supreme Court,  in the 2009 case of Gross v. FBL Financial Services, ruled that an  older worker bringing an ADEA claim must prove that age was the ``but  for'' cause, the sole determining cause of an adverse employment  decision.   That Supreme Court decision sent a message of impunity to employers  looking to discriminate on the basis of age, and it set a precedent for  denying justice to older workers across our country. That is not the  standard used in other discrimination claims.   We must condemn employment discrimination in every form it takes.  Yet, our employment laws treat age discrimination claims under the Age  Discrimination in Employment Act differently, more harshly, than other  employment discrimination claims.   We have an opportunity to restore fairness in our legal system.    Mr. Chair, H.R. 1230, the Protecting Older Workers Against  Discrimination Act, will ensure equal access to justice for those who  have suffered age discrimination. It will create uniformity in our laws  that a worker need prove only that age discrimination was one of any  number of motivating factors for an employer's action.   Older workers like Mr. Gross, the victim of workplace discrimination  and a misguided Supreme Court decision, deserve this bill.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I am not sure that my colleague and friend  from Pennsylvania has read the same bill that I did that we are voting  on tonight.   This bill, the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act,  has nothing to do with truck drivers, and it has nothing to do with  independent contractors.   This motion to recommit is nothing more than a distraction from the  very important legislation that is embodied in this bill. This MTR has  nothing to do with discrimination against older workers, which is what  we are seeking to protect against.   Why do my friends and colleagues across the aisle want to hurt older  working Americans? This legislation, H.R. 1230, was drawn up to fix the  damage that has been done by the Supreme Court decision in Gross v. FBL  in 2009, which severely weakened age discrimination protections.   Since that decision was made, both the Supreme Court and the lower  courts have relied on it and applied the Gross reasoning to the other  civil rights laws so that it doesn't just hurt older working Americans  who are the focus of this legislation, but other people who suffer from  employment discrimination.   The bill we are considering today is the bare bones of what is needed  to rectify the damage caused by that decision. This bill represents a  bipartisan, bicameral effort that has been 10 years in the making.   H.R. 1230 amends the Nation's core civil rights laws to expressly  allow for mixed-motive claims, meaning, when an employer claims  multiple motives for terminating an employee, one of which is age  discrimination, that that will not be permitted.   Since the Gross decision in 2009, age discrimination continues to be  a significant barrier to job opportunities. When older workers lose  their jobs, they are far more likely than other workers to join the  ranks of the long-term or permanent unemployed.   Significantly, approximately 61 percent of older workers have either  seen or experienced age discrimination in the workplace.   In 2018, the EEOC received nearly 17,000 age discrimination  complaints, accounting for more than 20 percent of all discrimination  charges filed. While most older workers say they have seen or  experienced age discrimination, only 3 percent report having made a  formal complaint. These trends have a profound impact on the economic  security of older workers and their families.   This law has nothing to do with truckers and nothing to do with  independent contractors. This motion to recommit is a mockery of this  important legislation that is designed to protect older working  Americans.   I urge my colleagues to stand up for older workers and the  protections that they need and deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the  chairman of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   