 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership in bringing this important legislation to the floor. It  really is representative of his lifetime of service to our country for  liberty and justice for all, the term that our distinguished leader  mentioned in his comments--liberty and justice for all.   I want to spring from that and talk about e pluribus unum. When our  Founders established that as a principle, as a guide, e pluribus unum,  from many, one, they could never have imagined how many we would be or  how different we would be from each other, but they knew we had to be  one, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.   Madam Speaker, I thank the leader for framing it in that way, and I  thank the chairman for bringing us together around this legislation put  forth by Representative Grace Meng, a real champion in Congress, who  has long led the charge against anti-AAPI bigotry, and all forms of  bigotry and violence, and who sees this impact firsthand in her  district in Queens. I have visited her there, seeing the beautiful  diversity of her community, even diversity within the Asian-American  community, as diverse as it is, and the trust that they place in her,  well-placed.   And I salute CAPAC chair, Judy Chu, an historic leader, who every day  is ensuring that the AAPI community has a powerful voice and strong  representation in the United States Congress.   Madam Speaker, I was listening to the gentleman's comments, and I was  recalling when this resolution came to the floor last year, and the  leader on the other side said: Nobody in the kitchen tables of America  is talking about this. Another Member said that I was wasting the  Congress' time, as Speaker, to be addressing this AAPI violence, or any  of the hate COVID initiatives. It was ridiculous to say we were wasting  time. It is important, it is the work of the Congress. This is an issue  for us, it is a value. It is a value that is reaffirmed by overwhelming  vote in a bipartisan way in the United States Senate.   I know that Representative Meng considered it a happy day when we  were on the Senate side, in the leadership of Chuck Schumer, with  Senator Mazie Hirono, Senator Tammy Duckworth, our colleague,   Andy  Kim, and, of course, our lead sponsor, Grace Meng, as that bill was  being brought forward on the Senate side, which, as we all know,  received very strong, overwhelming bipartisan support.   So, today, in the House, we see representation in action as we bring  to the House floor important legislation to address a grave and growing  crisis to the AAPI community and our entire country, the COVID-19 Hate  Crimes Act.   And, again, I will salute Mazie Hirono and Tammy Duckworth, our  leaders in the Senate, where the legislation passed almost unanimously,  a clear sign of the Congress' unity on this priority.    I, too, am blessed to represent a district that is blessed with a  large AAPI population. And I have seen, as have some of our other  colleagues, firsthand, the hate crimes exacted against them,  intensified since last year. Over 6,600 incidences of anti-AAPI  discrimination and violence from March of last year to March of this  year, in all 50 States, have been reported: businesses vandalized,  seniors attacked, families living in fear, and hundreds more occur  unreported in the shadows. This is what we know.   These attacks are even more shameful in light of the heroism of our  AAPI community during the pandemic, against which 2 million Asian- Americans and Pacific Islanders are fighting on the front lines as  healthcare providers, as first responders, our police and fire, and  other essential workers.   As a Californian, again, I have seen firsthand the pain in my  community at an AAPI-serving healthcare clinic in Chinatown last month,  and in conversations with the AAPI groups. We have these regular  conversations at this time, sadly, taking this form.   This epidemic of anti-AAPI bigotry is a challenge really, Madam  Speaker, to the conscience of our country, which demands bold,  effective, and immediate action.   As the House prepares to pass this legislation today, I also join my  colleagues in support of Chair Judy Chu's resolution condemning the  deadly attack targeting the AAPI community in Georgia last month. These  shootings were a vicious and vile act that compound the terror and pain  that Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders face each day.   This bill that we have on the floor today, the COVID-19 Hate Crimes  Act, will strengthen our defenses against any anti-AAPI violence,  speeding our response to hate crimes, supporting State and local  governments as they improve reporting, and ensuring that hate crimes  information is more accessible to the Asia-American communities.   This legislation also includes bipartisan measures to further improve  hate crimes reporting and promote a better response to those hate  crimes of any kind.   Madam Speaker, it is really important if we are going to address the  matter, if we are going to help solve the problem, we have to have an  accounting of what it is. As I said, 6,600 in the past year, a lot of  it intensified toward the end of that year.   Madam Speaker, I thank Representative  Don Beyer for his leadership  in the Jabara-Heyer NO HATE Act, now as an amendment to this bill. This  bill also builds on steps taken by President Biden, including his day  one executive order to marshal Federal resources to combat xenophobia  against Asian-Pacific and Pacific Islanders, and his March 30  announcement of additional steps to combat anti-AAPI bigotry.   Together, these steps would make a significant difference to address  hate crimes in America, not only during this pandemic, but for years to  come. This month, May, is AAPI Heritage Month, and in this month we  celebrate the many blessings that the AAPI community has bestowed on  our Nation over the generations.   As we do so, let us honor those contributions with action: ensuring  that every Asian-American and Pacific Islander and their families and  loved ones can live with safety, dignity, and pride.   Madam Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan vote for the COVID-19 Hate  Crimes Act, and ask for the Chu resolution condemning the shootings of  Georgia, when that comes up. I look forward to seeing the COVID-19 Hate  Crimes Act go directly to the President's desk, as it has already  passed the Senate, and be swiftly signed into law in a strong,  bipartisan way.  [[Page H2472]]    Madam Speaker, I urge a strong ``aye'' vote.   