 Mr. President, I come to the floor tonight because I  want to remind our colleagues and the people of the United States of  America that we did pass an infrastructure bill, and it was bipartisan.   But we are here tonight because the very people that it takes to  implement that bill, the very people that work at the Department of  Commerce, the very people who work at the Department of Transportation  are being held up in not  [[Page S9243]]  being able to be fully confirmed by this body to do the work that it  takes to implement that legislation.   I know this is incredibly important to people across the United  States of America because we know how popular that bill was. My  colleagues are with me tonight--two members of the Commerce Committee-- who worked hard and contributed mightily to the Surface Transportation  Act that passed out of the Commerce Committee in a robust bipartisan  fashion to come here to the floor. It was added with other legislation  from other committees.    So we are here tonight--myself, my colleague from Montana, who has a  State as big as any State in the United States. It probably is the  largest State. All I know is it takes me at least an hour to fly over  it. So I guarantee you that is a lot of roads, that is a lot of  bridges, that is a lot of railroad, that is a lot of infrastructure. If  it is not fixed and it is not taken care of, then the Montana economy  is hurt.   My colleague from Wisconsin is here, and she played a major role in  the infrastructure bill as well. She made sure that we focused on at- grade crossings and the safety of our rail system. Why? Because we have  to move products from the Midwest to reach Asian markets. If they can't  get there because they are stuck in congestion, then, we aren't going  to be competitive as a nation.   It is ridiculous that we are in this position tonight, ridiculous  that there are dozens of nominees from the Department of Transportation  and the Department of Commerce that the majority of our colleagues  support, but they are being held up by one or two people who don't want  to see them move through the process.   I am talking about nominees that are part of the Federal Railroad  Administration--the Administrator. We are giving a bunch of money to  the Federal Railroad Administration so they can put grants out,  authorize this new program for at-grade crossings to improve the speed  of moving our product, and people don't want the FRA, or the Federal  Railroad Administration, to have an Administrator. I don't know what  possibly could be wrong with that.   Someone doesn't want us to have the CFO for the Department of  Transportation. The CFO--you don't want us to have a CFO? How political  could the CFO of the Department of Transportation be? I guarantee you,  not very political. The CFO is a person who is going to make sure that  we spend the money correctly, administer the new programs as they get  set up, and make sure the money goes out the door. It is hard to  imagine a lot of money will go out the door of the Department of  Transportation if we don't have a CFO.   There are other people here that are part of the transportation  system on analysis. There are people I am pretty sure my colleague from  Montana will talk about.   The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration--why? Again, because  I guarantee you there are a lot of trucks in Montana. There is a lot of  moving of product. You have to have trucking safety, and you have to  have help in administering that. And if you have to have help  administering that, then, you need to have an Administrator of the  Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.   These are basic positions. These are positions that are part of the  infrastructure that we need for the Department of Transportation and,  as I mentioned, the Department of Commerce. These are issues that are  important to us.   Let me just say a few words about Commerce nominees. We have someone  who is supposed to do the analysis of industry for the Department of  Commerce. We have someone who is supposed to help us with trade and  international matters.   I am pretty sure my colleague from Florida, who is objecting to some  of these nominees, is going to say: It is about the supply chain.   These are the very people that we need for the supply chain. You need  the analysis and the construct of the Department of Commerce to say:  These are the problems that we have with the Department moving forward  on various issues that we have with a major focus on our  infrastructure.   The infrastructure bill provided $1.2 trillion in funding for  transportation, for energy, for disparities that we have in our  infrastructure and that has to get spent, and it has to get spent as  soon as possible.   Markets in China and India are expected to be worth $26 trillion by  2030, but some people think: Well, we will just take that money we gave  to move ahead on our infrastructure--something that has been  dilapidated for a long time.   That is what people don't understand. Over several administrations,  our investment in transportation infrastructure fell to less than 1  percent of GDP, and we didn't correct it. The last administration  didn't correct it, but this administration came in--a Democratic  administration--and said we are going to correct that because  economists will tell you that you are not keeping pace if your  infrastructure investment is less than 1 percent. Now President Biden  is going to get that number up over the next several years, and that is  the kind of investment we need to make.   We don't need to slow down because there is a big world economy, and  95 percent of consumers live outside the United States. But, OK, let's  just take our sweet time in implementing this bill and getting U.S.  products to international markets, when 95 percent of consumers are  outside the United States. Let's just take our sweet time because  someone wants to object to these nominees--the CFO, the Administrator,  these people who have been moved out of committee in a bipartisan  fashion.   This is a once-in-a-lifetime, once-in-a-generation investment that we  have to make. But they have to have people over there to make the  investment and they have to have people to be fully staffed. And we  have to make sure that these important steps that the President is  taking on supply chain are met. That is why these issues of working on  various logistics of operations, of pricing, of transparency, and  overseeing shippers and making sure that some of our largest shippers  are committed to moving cargo during off-peak hours are important.   My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know how important  agricultural products being delivered to market on time is. And we need  to make sure that our farmers, our people who have U.S.-manufactured  products, like in the State of Wisconsin, are getting a fair deal on  their shipping.   And that is why we also have to have the nominee for the Federal  Maritime Commission and get somebody on the Commission who is going to  hold people accountable to make sure that our products get somewhere  safely and securely and in a timely fashion.   So these issues that we are facing on the supply chain are complex.  They are not going to be fixed overnight, but they have to have people  in the jobs. They have to have people who are going to answer the  questions, work together, and to get this done.   So I would ask my colleagues, who I know are going to join me in  making several nominations, I ask unanimous consent to consider the  following nomination: Executive Calendar No. 315, Karen Jean Hedlund,  of Colorado, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a  term expiring December 31, 2025; that the Senate vote on the nomination  without intervening action or debate; that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the  Record; and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action.    Mr. President, I ask that it be in order to make the  same request with respect to Calendar No. 550, Max Veckich to be the  Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2026.    Mr. President, I think my colleague knows darn well the  President of the United States has been doing something about this.  That is why he used his leadership to make sure that we made major  infrastructure investment so we could move products. That is why he has  gotten the ports to work 24 hours to move product more expeditiously.   That is why he has been focused on all of the infrastructure needs in  moving our country forward and continuing to deal with chokepoints,  whether they are on the highways, our ports, or our rail system.   My colleague knows, too, that the Secretary of Transportation and the  Secretary of Commerce--whom I am sure he has talked to--are working  very diligently on this. I am sure they are willing to talk to him.   There is no secret here. There is the administration and a bipartisan  group of people who are working together to try to solve these issues,  but there are those on the other side of the aisle, probably those who  didn't support the infrastructure investment, who also don't support  having people spend the money and make the investments.   I am going to yield to my colleagues who are also here to try to move  some of these important nominees to make this investment work in the  United States.    Mr. President, my colleague from Montana is making some  great points in this debate.   I can't emphasize this enough to my colleague from Florida, a member  of our committee. He knows how hard we have all worked on these. He  knows how bipartisan this effort was. He knows that he is not joined by  a bunch of other colleagues here tonight, you know, in making these  objections. It is because they want these nominees. They voted for  them.   To come from a State like mine, where one in four jobs is related to  trade, it is all about infrastructure. It is about our ports, our  airports, our railroads, our roads. It is about getting the products  from Montana out to the Pacific and to those destinations. It is all  about making this infrastructure investment, and we finally have a  President who is willing to put everything on the line to get us back  to making an infrastructure investment that is more than 1 percent of  GDP and who is smart enough to know that those ports and everything  else are not going to function well and that we are not going to be  competitive with Canada or with South America or with other places if  we don't make this investment.   Well, now we have made it. We have made the investment. Now, we just  need the people to execute on it, and our colleague doesn't want those  individuals to be part of this process. He is not ready for them.   Everybody gets frustrated with the position of an administration.  Everybody wants to hear from a nominee. I have called nominees. You  would think that some of those people might call me, but, no, I have  had to pick up the phone and call them and say: Here is what my concern  is. Where are you going to be on this issue? What are you going to do  about this problem?   Did I have everything guaranteed? Did I have every policy that I  wanted to see for that nominee? No, but I picked up the phone and got  the commitment that I needed to see things through and get things  moving.   So, now, the fact that we have these nominees who continue to be  held, as my colleague said, by a minority of the minority because they  don't want to see the infrastructure investments that we have already  voted on put in place is just really holding up government. It is just  holding it up.   I think the President deserves to have his nominees. We deserve to  get to vote on them. We deserve to give the President of the United  States our opinion, but we also deserve to have these nominees voted on  and not held in this process so that the government--so the actual  functioning of the infrastructure bill--can't be implemented even  though the majority of the Senate voted that way.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to make  the same request of Executive Calendar No. 468, Mohsin Raza Syed, of  Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation.    Mr. President, my colleague knows very well that, just  yesterday, the Deputy Secretaries of Commerce, Transportation, and  Agriculture met with--and it may have been on a Zoom call or on the  phone--Senators to talk about exactly what is going on to help work on  the supply chain. The Senator knows very well. Now, he may not have  liked exactly what he heard in the outcome, but there are no harder  working people than the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of  Transportation in implementing the things that need to be implemented  to keep our country moving.   The problem, I think, is that the Senator from Florida may not  understand that there is a huge upside. We just had a hearing yesterday  with all of the airlines, and we acted on the Payroll Support Program.  The end result of that has been a big boon to our economy because they  were there and in place to capture the upside when the vaccines worked  and the flying public returned. So we, the United States of America,  have outdone Europe and Asia and Canada. Basically, the upside is  having our air transportation system now back up to 90 percent of  capacity. We did that because we acted. We made an investment, and the  investment is paying off, and it kept a workforce that otherwise would  have been on unemployment benefits.   So this administration is working. This administration is working,  and it needs people to help them implement the bill we just passed. The  administration has been working with major ports to have night and  weekend cargo operations. It has been working with companies to improve  the transparency of  [[Page S9248]]  logistics and pricing. It has been working with shippers to get the  cargo and containers in and out of the ports faster.   He is urging some of the largest shippers--Walmart, Target, Home  Depot, Samsung, FedEx, and UPS--to commit to moving cargo during off- peak hours and making those commitments.   Two major railroads--Union Pacific and BNSF--have announced that they  will create new incentives for cargo owners to move cargo on the  weekends.   CMA CGM--one of the largest carriers--has begun providing $100  discounts on the containers if they are picked up immediately, which is  helping move them off the docks. One of the problems is that empty  containers have been left on the docks, and this has caused congestion  at the ports. So the administration has worked with these carriers to  help incent people who have been part of the shipping system to get  that product off of the docks. We have begun to see positive results  from this.   This month, the CEOs of the major retailers told President Biden that  the supply chain conditions have begun to show signs of improvement.  This is from the major retailers.   As to the issues that we are focusing on here, we are talking to two  people who are out fixing the problem. The Senator had a chance to talk  to their Deputies about this. These are people who are definitely  available to be talked to about this problem. Yet they are asking us to  continue to have a workforce.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to make  the same request with respect to Executive Calendar No. 469, Victoria  Marie Baecher Wassmer, of the District of Columbia, to be Chief  Financial Officer, Department of Transportation.    Mr. President, these nominees we are talking about are  nominees who are literally just the people who are going to help get  these things done within the Agencies. The Senator is basically denying  people the ability to have analysis, to talk about competition, to talk  about the effective strategies that we need to put in place.   The Commerce Committee has had three hearings on the supply chain. In  fact, we had some fabulous testimony, starting in--I think it was-- February or March, about the supply chain. It was a fabulous panel of  experts, and it was about the complexity of what was happening to the  supply chain and what our problems were going to be.   The one thing that is clear is that this isn't an issue for just  COVID; that this isn't an issue for just this administration; and that  this isn't an issue even for the next, you know, few years. This is an  issue about the fact that, in the world economy in 2019, prior to the  pandemic, something miraculous happened: The majority of the population  of the world reached middle class. That meant the majority of people  outside the United States was going to be a huge market opportunity for  our goods and our products. It is a huge economic opportunity that 95  percent of consumers are outside the United States. That means we have  to get things to those markets cost-effectively and competitively.   For us in Seattle, the Port of Seattle has to compete with the Port  of Vancouver. The Port of Vancouver and the infrastructure of--Canada  has made all sorts of infrastructure investment all across Canada with  rail and port investment so that they can have the state of the art and  so that it can be cheaper to ship through Canada than the United  States. The same thing is happening in South America and other parts of  the world. This is about who is going to reach the Asian market and how  fast they are going to reach the Asian market.   The infrastructure investment was critical. It was critical to making  sure that our railroads worked, that our ports worked, that our motor  carriers had the right people and had the right safety. This was,  literally, upgrading our infrastructure that had been ignored-- basically kept on life support--for so long, and now, we have a  President and a bipartisan group of people who are going to make the  investment. So the fact that those Agencies now need people--even the  next nominee we are talking about--it is just literally about making  investments so that they can figure out the strategy and the strategy  moving forward on these individuals.   I don't understand why so many of these nominees my colleague has to  object to because these nominees are individuals who are part of our  infrastructure investment and, in this case, are part of where we are  with the Department of Commerce in understanding what is even happening  in the supply chain and what we also want to do.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to make  the same request with respect to Executive Calendar No. 355, Grant T.  Harris, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce.    Mr. President.    We are here on whatever today is--December 16. We are  here, you know, as Congress careens toward trying to get some work done  before we break for the holiday season.   I am sure that my colleague knows very well where the administration  is on getting its nominees. We are not even the only committee that is  out here on a weekly basis complaining about the number of nominees who  are not allowed to serve. Even though they come out of committee with  bipartisan support, they are not being allowed to be taken up and acted  upon.   We have had people out here from the Foreign Affairs Committee. We  have had nominees. We have had various committees--the HELP Committee.  So we are just here now talking about the Transportation Committee.   So, yes, we have a minority within the minority that doesn't want the  administration to have the nominees it needs to get things done. In  this case, it is infrastructure. The importance of that is that the  majority of people voted for infrastructure. The majority of people  have voted for these nominees, and these nominees deserve to get in  their place so that individuals can do their work.   If the Senator from Florida doesn't want to support--didn't want to  support the infrastructure bill, doesn't believe that it was done just  like he  [[Page S9249]]  would do it, I would ask him to consider the fact that his colleagues,  the majority of whom did support it, are now going to be delayed in  getting those resources out the door.   Now, maybe that is what he wants. Maybe he is playing a game of the  calendar. He is just hoping that those nominees won't ever get into  these spots, that it will take forever for us to get these programs  implemented. Our economy can't wait for that. Our economy and the  investments that we all decided to make can't wait for this kind of  gamesmanship. The small businesses that my colleague from Montana  talked about can't wait for that gamesmanship.   I guarantee you those Secretaries will be in front of the Commerce  Committee in the new year at some point in time. I guarantee it. That  is what happens around here. I am pretty sure they will be asked these  questions. I am sure they are asked these questions every single day. I  am pretty sure they would take a call from my colleague tonight or  tomorrow. I am pretty sure they would have the input from him that he  would want to give in these situations.   But this is an issue about whether you are for the infrastructure  investment and whether you are for making that a reality by having the  people whom it takes to implement it. And if you don't have CFOs, if  you don't have the Administrators of the Agencies, if you don't have  the people who are targeted to do the investment, I am not sure how you  can do it.   One of those nominees, Arun Venkataraman, currently serves as a  counselor to the Secretary of Commerce on trade and international  matters. He has more than 20 years of experience in working on these  issues and is somebody who could benefit us in this analysis of the  challenges that we are facing to get our products into these markets  and get them into these markets quickly.   So I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to make the same  request with respect to Executive Calendar No. 586, Arun Venkataraman  to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of the  United States and Foreign Commercial Service.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I think we have had a good discussion of  exactly what these individuals--the Secretary of Commerce and the  Secretary of Transportation--have been doing. They have been making  their deputies available for conversations about supply chains. We have  had supply chain hearings. We will continue to address this issue. I am  pretty sure they will take his phone call.   I am pretty sure that the reason we are out here is because when the  other side of the aisle holds up so many nominees, there are only so  many cloture motions that you can file. But I guess we will be here  this weekend, and we will find out exactly how many cloture motions and  how long it will take to continue to get these nominees.   I yield the floor.   