 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this  great Special Order on a fundamental right.   Madam Speaker, our Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms for  self-protection is a fundamental right protected by the Constitution  and the Bill of Rights.   However, many States, including my own home State of New York, home  to Remington Arms, of all places, unconstitutionally restricts our  right to carry concealed outside of our home. In most New York  jurisdictions, an applicant must justify their need for such a  concealed carry permit.   Despite the plain words of the Second Amendment enshrined for  centuries in the Bill of Rights, State and local authorities in New  York continue to reject applications for law-abiding Americans for  entirely arbitrary reasons or for no reason at all. States like  California and Massachusetts do exactly the same thing.   This arbitrary standard must be rejected. That is why I am leading  the amicus brief for an upcoming U.S. Supreme Court, New York State  Rifle and Pistol Association v. Corlett. This case will decide if New  York's burdensome concealed carry law violates the Second Amendment.   A little background on the case: In 2016, Rensselaer County, New  York, officials denied the concealed carry permit of Robert Nash for  the purpose of self-defense. Later, in 2018, they also denied the  concealed carry application of Brandon Koch for the same reason.   Both these individuals are honorable, upstanding, and law-abiding  citizens. They met every requirement of New York's rigorous concealed  carry license application. These two men simply applied for a concealed  carry permit for personal protection after a rash of robberies in their  neighborhoods and their community.  [[Page H3230]]    New York State is now witnessing the highest crime rate that we have  had in the history of our State. However, even after all of that, the  county licensing officers did not believe that self-defense was a valid  exercise of constitutional rights under the Second Amendment.   The gun control measures being considered by the Supreme Court in  this key case amount to a blanket ban on the right to keep and bear  arms outside the home. The amicus brief I am submitting, with the  support of more than 50 Members of the House of Representatives so far,  defends citizens' rights against elected officials and government  bureaucrats who are attempting to deny these fundamental constitutional  rights to all Americans.   We argue that it is unconstitutional for the government to apply a  balancing test for a fundamental right such as the Second Amendment  under our Constitution. The Bill of Rights was drafted and passed to  protect citizens from government overreach.   It is worth noting that New York is an original colony with a very  strong history of citizens who stood up for our basic rights. In 1788  and 1789, before and during the Constitutional Convention and the  founding of our Federal Constitution, New York's leaders refused to  sign on to our Federal Constitution until--until--the Bill of Rights  was added to our founding document. They knew how important Second  Amendment rights were then, and how important they were to a self- governing constitutional Republic such as ours.   The success of the plaintiff, law-abiding gun owners in this case,  will end this improper interpretation of our constitutional right to  keep and bear arms, and will be the first major pro-Second Amendment  decision considered by the U.S. Supreme Court since Heller v. District  of Columbia.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members who take their oath to uphold the  Constitution seriously to sign on to this amicus brief. Together, we  can all protect our Second Amendment rights for all Americans.   I, again, want to thank Mr. Clyde for his tenacious advocacy on  behalf of our God-given constitutional rights, and all of my colleagues  here today who are standing up for all Americans.   