 Mr. President, I am pleased to be able to follow my  friend and colleague, the Senator from Arizona. And while she is still  on the floor, I want to thank her personally for her Herculean efforts  that she has made throughout this process. It has not been easy. It has  sometimes been challenging, and sometimes it takes somebody who just  exudes optimism and enthusiasm and a deep-hearted, deep-seeded belief  that what we are doing is good and it is right for all the right  reasons.   We have acknowledged here on the floor, each and every one of us,  this infrastructure bill is not the perfect bill. But I am waiting--I  am waiting--for the day when we here in the U.S. Senate can come to a  place where all 100 of us agree that we have the perfect bill.   But what we have for the Senate to consider is a product that is  really built around core fundamentals and core principles that a group  of Senators, equally divided, came together months ago to work through,  knowing that the work was going to be hard.   This is probably one of the most consequential bills that I have been  involved with in my Senate career, in the close to 19 years that I have  been here. What we are presenting to the Senate is truly historic in  its proportions. It is historic in its impact going forward. This is  truly legacy infrastructure that we are speaking about.   Yesterday, it was a little frustrating. We have had some frustrating  days where colleagues were sitting and waiting, hoping for things to  move more rapidly than they were, and that is challenging. We have a  process here in the Senate that is hard for those on the outside to  understand and oftentimes hard for us on the inside to understand, but  it is a process that, after a period of time, yields the results.   So as I was visiting with fellow Senators, I overheard somebody say:  I am not really sure how we got here. How did we get to this point?   Well, I tell you, it wasn't magic. It wasn't magic that produced a  legislative package that, again, is historic in its funding for roads,  rails, bridges, ports, ferries, and waterways. It was certainly not an  accident that negotiated this 2,700-page document that works to meet  the broadband needs of Americans, particularly in unserved or  underserved parts of the country, like my State in Alaska.   It also wasn't inevitable that this infrastructure deal would come  together, and yet that is all following what we have learned in this  past year and a half dealing with the COVID pandemic and the reality  that we have true disparities when it comes to basic infrastructure,  like clean water, sanitation facilities, and energy. It was not  inevitable that this infrastructure deal would come together.   In an age of cynicism and punditry, we kind of grow accustomed around  here to believing that it is hard to get good things done in  Washington, DC, and that is not good for any of us. Those of us here in  the Senate, we signed up to do a job. We were sent here to do a job. We  were sent here to work, and that is it. That is how we came to be where  we are: through work, through hard work, and through compromise. So it  wasn't magic; it wasn't accidental; it wasn't inevitable. We went to  work.   And for a time, I think we really banished the demon of faction that  casts his scepter all too often. Alexander Hamilton warned us of this  polarizing temptation. And as the champion of infrastructure--or they  called it internal improvements in the days of the Founding Fathers--I  am hoping that he is looking favorably on us today.   But, again, this has not been an easy road, this infrastructure  project. Every morning--those of us who were involved in these  negotiations--we would wake up not surprised to read in the paper or  see on TV that something had happened outside our control that was  designed to kill this package.   And every day, instead of taking in those headlines, we saw our  constituents, we heard from them, and we heard from the people across  this country urging us to continue--people like Carl Uchytil, Mario  Cordero, Chris Conner. They penned an op-ed in one of our Alaska  newspapers, and they urged us to advance the bipartisan infrastructure  framework because, for them, the emphasis on what it would do to build  out our ports and our waterways were significant.   The emails and the phone calls that we received reminded us of the  infrastructure and how important it is for industries, for the jobs,  for Alaskans, for folks all over the country, for health, the future;  and it reminded us that we have an opportunity to do something that  actually matters in their lives and in their communities.   And the other thing that I heard is they wanted us to do it together.  Figure it out, you guys. Work together. When you look at the survey  data that is out there, it is pretty resounding. Several different  polls show 87 percent of Americans overwhelmingly support fixing  infrastructure. The list of organizations that support it, everyone  from the Associated Wire Rope Fabricators to the Institute of Makers of  Explosives, to the National Governors Association, to the Steel  Manufacturers Association, the TechNet--this bipartisan infrastructure  package proves that good things can happen in Washington, DC, but that  it takes work.   It takes a majority of those of us in this Chamber deciding that it  is better  [[Page S6088]]  to get some of what our constituents want rather than none of it. It is  better to make progress and actually deliver results to your  constituents rather than just delivering a message. We do a lot of  messaging around here, and, as my friend, the Senator from West  Virginia, reminds us, a message doesn't fix a pothole.   Now, I have been disappointed that we haven't been able to get some  of the amendments that we have heard about today. We heard Senator  Shelby from Alabama talk about defense infrastructure. We have heard  the Senator from Texas, Senator Cornyn, talk about flexibility to the  States. We have heard the Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Toomey,  working with Senator Wyden and Senator Lummis, on the cryptocurrency  issue.   So, again, is this perfect?   No. But is it a process that has delivered us to a place where we are  delivering results to the people who have sent us here.   I was on the floor late last week outlining many of the benefits that  Alaskans will see from this measure, but I want to take a few more  minutes this afternoon to highlight just a couple of more in perhaps  some detail. Because, as I have mentioned, and everyone knows, part of  the role or the view that I offered in our bipartisan working group was  to make sure that the needs of rural Americans were met. And this bill  addresses some of the greatest infrastructure needs that, again, we see  in rural America, but also in urban and everyone in between, to connect  them in ways that we haven't before.   Southeast Alaska, this is the region of the State that I grew up in.  It is an island and archipelago. It is not possible to travel by road  from one city in the southeastern part of the State to another, for the  most part. Our capital is not accessible by road.   Our reality is that we either travel by airplane or we are traveling  on the water. So a strong ferry system, the Alaska Marine Highway  System, is absolutely essential to local economic development, to  quality of life, to community well-being.   There are 35 different ports along the Alaska Marine Highway System.  This spans an area of 35,000 miles.   I am only looking at my colleague from Delaware because we have been  working on the ferry initiative, and he is proud of the ferry system  that he has there. But I have a lot of water that I have to cover, and  it makes it challenging. It makes it challenging. But it is no  different than Delaware, in terms of the significance that these small  ferries can offer to people as they are moving their families around,  as they are moving the basketball team, as they are going to Costco in  Juneau and then delivering them to Hoonah.   To those military who are PCSing, going outside of the State, they  have to move their families and all their goods and the dogs and the  trucks, and they have to get out of town. And they get out by way of  the ferry.   It is easy to compare Alaska's ferry to an urban bus or subway system  or other form of mass transit that receives operation support. But  until now, because Alaska's communities are rural and not urban, our  ferry system hasn't been eligible for any meaningful Federal support  for its operations. There has been some Federal funding available  through allocation formula or grant program to the ferry system for  construction and maintenance, but now ferry operators will be able to  use funding for construction, maintenance, repairs, and operations  costs.   In so many parts of Alaska, the Marine Highway System is the only  highway. It is the only highway. So it is truly an essential mode of  transportation.   When you come from a State where over 80 percent of your communities  are not connected by road, again, you figure it out. It is air. It is  on the ocean. It is in the rivers. But, more often than not, our  transportation is not roads.   So to make sure that we are addressing this essential sector of  transportation, we included language that establishes a program for  essential ferry service to support our rural communities. So through  this program, the Department of Transportation will be able to provide  funds to the States to provide for essential ferry service.   We are also looking forward, as we think about how our ferries move,  how our schoolbuses move, how our vehicles move, and we know that this  administration has moved very aggressively when it comes to EVs. There  is language in this bill that helps to facilitate that.   But, again, when you are thinking about what is on the roads-- electrification of our vehicles, our schoolbuses, or our city buses-- let's not forget what I just referred to, and that is these,  effectively, buses that are on the water. So what are we doing to  electrify or to look to alternative fuels for our ferries?   This is not a new concept. In the Scandinavian countries, where,  again, hydropower is in great abundance, as it is in southeast Alaska,  an electric ferry system makes sense. So we are kind of pushing out on  this to buildout this notion, this concept, that we can reduce  emissions with our ferries by using alternative fuels or onboard energy  storage systems, other related charging infrastructure, again, to  reduce our emissions or produce zero onboard emissions under normal  operations.   So folks in Skagway and Haines are looking at this with great  interest because they view that as a real opportunity. Diesel doesn't  come cheap up there, and that is what moves these ferries around. These  communities, Skagway, are powered by hydro. So let's pull this all  together.   I have mentioned the potential for EV and low-emitting ferries, but I  am reminded that the United States has and will continue to be a leader  in energy production. We certainly know that in my State. And we are  going to need to continue being an energy superpower. As we are  continuing to advance as a society, we are going to be using more  energy, we are going to be using more electricity, and, yes, we are  going to need to produce much of it in the good, old-fashion way for a  long time to come. But electricity is becoming increasingly important.  It is vital to so many facets of modern life, and this bipartisan  infrastructure package takes that electrified future into account.   So looking at the different ways that it enhances the broader energy  system by investing in next-generation clean energy production, there  are three examples that I will just cite that are pertinent to Alaska   There is funding for advanced nuclear reactors, including ``micro''  reactors. You might not think about Alaska and nuclear or ``micro,''  but it holds great promise for deployment in certain rural and remote  areas.   We also provide for funding for hydropower and marine energy  research. We have a great Hydrokinetic Energy Research Center at the  University of Alaska Fairbanks.   We provide for renewable energy projects, including geothermal. We  have pioneered in this. In fact, we have the Secretary of Energy, who  is going to be visiting the State shortly and who will have an  opportunity to look specifically at low-temperature geothermal, as well  as promising opportunities that we have in the Aleutians.   More energy production from more types of energy means greater  resilience, greater affordability, greater access to reduced emissions.  So let's consider the ways the bill directly impacts the electric grid  and the power sector--three areas, again, that are pertinent to Alaska  and to rural areas.   We have included a measure that I had introduced, the PROTECT Act,  which authorizes funding to improve our cyber defenses in smaller  communities. I think we recognize that we have a big focus on the  bigger communities, but your utilities in your smaller communities  still have to provide for that cyberprotection.   The bill also sets aside grants for small utilities, like we have in  Alaska, to prevent outages, to enhance resilience, for hardening of the  grid. This is going to help in preventing wildfires that can be caused  by powerlines or other disruptive events. We are talking about  weatherization, fire prevention systems, installing equipment  underground, maintaining utility poles and powerlines.   We also provide support for rural and remote areas in many  communities in the State for the modernization of generation,  transmission, and distribution. So this is going to help the cost  effectiveness. It is going to help with energy efficiency, microgrids,  siting and upgrading, as we shift to cleaner sources of energy.  [[Page S6089]]    Again, I think it is important to recognize that we are working to  not only address the transmission but distribution, generation, and  what we are really looking to do is look toward the future--a future in  which we will need more energy production, more electricity, more  batteries, and a more secure grid.   And as we are doing this, as we are building this all out, I want to  make sure that we do ensure that all Americans are included in this  energy and infrastructure transition.   And I speak specifically now to our Alaska Indian, American Indian,  and Native people around the country. This bill--this Infrastructure  Investment and Jobs Act--is really a historic achievement for all of us  who are concerned with American Indian, Alaskan Native Tribes, and  villages.   I am the vice chair of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, and I  have worked hard to make sure that Indian Country's voices have been  heard.   Let's look at the Indian Health Service. It has a vital sanitation  construction program. We are talking about water and wastewater, things  that most of us just take for granted. We provide $3.5 billion in  funding for American Indian, Alaska Native Tribes and villages to  complete all--all--of the identified sanitation projects. These are  projects that have been on the books for way, way too long.   I am reminded by my friend Val Davidson of the Alaska Native Tribal  Health Consortium. She testified before our Indian Affairs Committee  about both the funding needed in Native communities and sanitation's  really significant impact on health. She shared a story--her own  personal story but also a statistic--that one in three infants in  communities from her region without adequate sanitation are  hospitalized in their first year simply because they lack basic water  and sanitation services. And it is not just a visit to a hospital as an  infant that is scary, but so many then develop long-term health  problems, which are absolutely unacceptable.   Any infrastructure bill has to live up to our Federal Government's  trust obligations to our Tribes. This is vital to allowing Tribes  access to water for their health and for their livelihood. So within  the bill, we provide $2.5 billion to fund Indian water settlements.   Now, outside the legal world, most people know Indian water  settlements by the term ``water rights.'' But the outstanding  settlements include the Aamodt, the Crow, Navajo-Gallup, White Mountain  Apache, Blackfeet Nation, Navajo Utah, Confederated Salish and Kootenai  Tribes, and the Arizona Water Settlement Act. So this funding is going  to complete the balance of each and every one of these settlements.   We also provide $250 million for the Bureau of Indian Affairs to help  build and repair irrigation, power, and sanitation systems, because you  have to be able to move clean water from one place to another and keep  it clean and be able to use it productively.   We provide grants for Native village firefighting training, resilient  transportation infrastructure, a Native Youth Public Land Corps to  restore and protect ecosystems, adaptation projects for climate change  impacts, and funding for a new program to provide Indian Tribes grants  to clean up orphan wells.   There is more included in this. There is a $110 million ``set aside''  for Tribal bridge investments. There is the Tribal Transportation  Program and eligibility for grants under advanced energy and battery  manufacturing and recycling programs.   We are really looking to ensure that we are prioritizing  infrastructure needs in Tribal areas.   I haven't mentioned broadband, but it is absolutely significant. We  know that broadband deployment on Tribal lands has lagged far behind  the rest of the Nation. So to address this, the bill includes an  additional $2 billion for Tribal broadband connectivity grants.   We have heard it on this floor by all of us, Republicans and  Democrats, urban and rural. We know that broadband is vital to  education, healthcare, economic development, self-governance. It  applies absolutely across the board as we think of the needs in Indian  Country.   I think we know that the Federal financing provisions, the dollars  going forward, are significant. But we also know that it is not just  about the funding. It is about making these programs work better. So we  do things like requiring expedited environmental review for Tribal  transportation safety projects. We streamline categorical exclusions by  empowering the Tribes in relation to the Federal Government.   Within the middle mile grants, there is consultation with Tribes on a  process to designate tribally unserved and underserved areas.   So there is so much that we have really focused on in ensuring that  Alaska Natives, American Indians, and our Native people around the  country are included in these many provisions as they relate to  infrastructure, including grid infrastructure, resilience, and  reliability.   So I have spoken for a while now on three specific areas that I have  chosen to highlight: certainly, within marine transportation, the  benefits that places like Alaska will see; the significance of energy  production and what this infrastructure bill will provide there; and  benefits to our Native peoples around the country.   I want to conclude my comments by ending with where I began, which is  to acknowledge the efforts of so many who have really gotten us here  today, not through a miracle, not through an accident, not through an  inevitability but just through hard work.   I am very pleased to have been part of this group, really honored to  work with such hard-working people and their teams, led by Senator  Sinema, who just spoke, and Senator Portman. Their leadership has been,  in my view, really extraordinary. The work that they have put behind  managing us all to this point deserves the recognition.   I also want to acknowledge the good work of the chairman and the  ranking member on the Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator  Carper and Senator Capito, who really laid the base for so much of this  bill. So to the G-10 and the broader G-22, all those who have  contributed so much, I convey my thanks.   I also want to acknowledge colleagues on the other side of the  Capitol here, those who are known as the Problem Solvers over there.  They really have jumped in, rolled up their sleeves, and helped us in  solving problems when it comes to this infrastructure package.   And I am looking forward to being able to move this legislation, this  package, from this body tomorrow, to send it over to the House so that  they can then pick up those efforts.   But I am pleased that we have come to this place, after a long  process, after a tough process but one where we were really able to  focus on common goals that we identified at the outset, and we really  held true to; that we were going to be dealing with core  infrastructure, core infrastructure.   We agreed that we were not going to impose new taxes. We agreed that  we needed to ensure that the spending pay-fors were true and  legitimate. We agreed that long-term spending on infrastructure needed  to improve our Nation's efficiency, our productivity, our GDP, and our  revenue and not increase inflation.   And we have achieved that. We set out these parameters, and we  achieved it. But we did it with a lot of give and a lot of take.   So while the end product is not something that any one of us  individually would have written, I am very proud to be able to support  what we have worked to bring to this body, again, with the help and  hard work and collaboration of so, so many Members.   I am disappointed that immediately after we advance this bill  tomorrow, the infrastructure package, that we will turn to a wholly  partisan exercise, one that, in my view, taxes and spends without  limit, a wish list that really knows no limit.   But, for now, let's move to this infrastructure bill. Let's get it to  the House. Let's do what people in Alaska, what people in Illinois,  what people around the country have asked us to do, and that is to  address our Nation's competitiveness, our Nation's efficiency, and our  Nation's advantages by securing and ensuring that we are able to move,  to connect, and to provide for our country's needs.   With that, I yield the floor.   