 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues to  support H.R. 2208, the Ysleta del Sur Pueblo and Alabama-Coushatta  Tribes of Texas Equal and Fair Opportunity Act.   On March 26 of this year, I introduced this important bipartisan bill  with my colleague, Representative Tony Gonzales from the Texas 23rd  Congressional District, to ensure that Native American Tribes are  covered by the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act.   Specifically, this bipartisan bill aims to correct a problem of  exclusion that has been affecting only two Tribes in the entire United  States--the Ysleta del Sur Pueblo and the Alabama-Coushatta Indian  Tribes of Texas--since 1987, when Congress passed the Restoration Act  and the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act.   The passage of these 1987 laws inadvertently created uncertainty  about which law these Tribes were covered under and what gaming  activities they were allowed to offer on their reservations.   Passed in this Chamber during the 116th Congress, this bill offers a  commonsense solution that will ensure that the Ysleta del Sur Pueblo  and Alabama-Coushatta Tribes are covered by the Indiana Gaming  Regulatory Act, which would provide these Native American communities  with a critical economic lifeline and an opportunity to recover from  the harmful inequity that they have faced.   Simply put, this bill would provide fairness for these two Tribes,  like the only other federally recognized Tribe in our State, the  Kickapoo Traditional Tribe of Texas.   I urge my colleagues to join me in protecting our Native American  Tribes' sovereignty and ensuring that they have the ability to engage  in the same way other Tribes are able to.   The coronavirus pandemic has impacted everyone, but the economic and  health crisis has been devastating to our Tribes, and this bill offers  an opportunity for them to safely rebuild their economies. The reason  our Tribes have suffered so disproportionately is because of long-term  disinvestment and generational lack of adequate access to healthcare  and economic assistance.   Communities around the country are eager to repair their economies  following the impact of COVID-19, and our Tribes are no different. But  they need the clarity this bill would provide so that they can better  control their economic future.   The parity this bill would create for these Tribes would also create  long overdue opportunities for them to succeed by supporting job  creation and their ability to generate revenue that would fund new  housing, educational programs, and medical facilities for their people  and the surrounding communities, among so many other things.   Now, more than ever, more must be done to protect other Native  American Tribes, their families, businesses, and their economic  prosperity.  [[Page H2226]]    By passing this bill, Congress would finally grant the Ysleta del Sur  Pueblo and the Alabama-Coushatta Tribes the rights, opportunities, and  stability they have long been denied.   Therefore, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this important piece of  legislation, and I am grateful to the leaders in the committee for  their support.   