 Mr. Speaker, so many of the leaders we hear about are  public figures, elected officials, people with loud voices in the  community, but there are so many other kinds of leaders. In particular,  in connection with this month's Women's History Month, I rise to pay  tribute to some who are not often noticed, the extraordinary women who  have battled the COVID pandemic on its front lines in my community and  across our Nation.   This historic crisis has devastated my community and communities in  every corner of our country. More than 530,000 of our fellow Americans  have died. Millions have lost their jobs. Unprecedented numbers of  children and families have faced hunger.   Women have experienced a disproportionate share of these converging  crises. As a larger share of frontline workers, they have risen to the  occasion, putting the health and safety of their neighbors ahead of  their own.   One woman in my community, the Greater Lehigh Valley of Pennsylvania,  has done everything she can to make sure these heroes and our most  vulnerable neighbors are not forgotten. Dr. Rajika Reed has served the  people of our community for more than 20 years as a counselor,  children's therapist, teacher, public health researcher, and  epidemiologist. Most recently, Dr. Reed has served in one of the  hospital systems in my community, St. Luke's University Health Network,  first as senior director of epidemiology and strategy and now as vice  president of community health.   Dr. Reed has been instrumental in keeping our community informed  throughout the pandemic. Dr. Reed has been particularly incisive when  speaking about the disproportionate impact of COVID on various  communities throughout the Seventh District, helping all of us  recognize and understand how rapidly and drastically the stakes can  change depending on a person's life circumstances.   By grounding every conversation in easy-to-understand data, Dr. Reed  has made sure that officials at all levels have a shared understanding  of constituents' lived reality and the challenges they face,  particularly the stark racial and economic disparities that have only  grown during the pandemic.   Still, throughout it all, Dr. Reed's warm and calm delivery has  helped soften the blow of what was at times devastating news. Her work  has helped mobilize my entire community around the shared mission of  taking care of our own and putting the most vulnerable among us first.   To Dr. Reed and women frontline workers in every corner of my  community, including many low-wage workers who still don't have the  support or pay they need, I stand with you. All of us stand with you  today and every day.   