 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this  SFOPs bill, which, in the words of President Biden, says that the  United States is back on the world stage.   The bill reflects the importance of diplomatic and development  assistance and cooperation with valuable partners to advance peace and  prosperity around the world. It rebuilds public health infrastructure,  confronts climate change, and advances basic education in undeveloped  nations.   On a subject I know that we can agree on, on both sides of the aisle,  the bill is proudly pro-Israel. It fulfills our commitment to Israel,  whose security in a very, very dangerous region of the world is  America's security, too. We expand our development partnership between  our two countries to work together and improve lives around the world  in poor areas.   I say to my colleagues, let's maintain this bipartisan support to our  very good friend, Israel.   Mr. Speaker, the bill also recognizes that when girls and women  succeed,  [[Page H4100]]  the world succeeds. The bill invests in education, health and maternal  care, economic opportunity, and combating barriers to success like  gender-based violence and child marriage. It supports the  implementation of the ``Women, Peace and Security'' strategy.   Mr. Speaker, most importantly, this bill removes the harmful Helms  amendment, which restricts U.S. funding for abortion services around  the world, and removes the global gag rule, which forces healthcare  providers to choose between U.S. global health assistance and the  ability to counsel and provide clients with accurate and a full range  of safe and legal reproductive options.   The gag rule has resulted in good and honest healthcare providers  turning down United States financial assistance, forcing the closure of  clinics around the world, leaving more than a million women without  access to healthcare, including reproductive care.   Yesterday, I heard my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk  about restricting abortion in the United States. Now, today, it is  Ghana and the rest of the world. I want to say to my colleagues, let me  respectfully clue you in that in poor, undeveloped countries, you are  not stopping abortions. You are stopping safe abortions. Unsafe  abortions are responsible for 13 percent of maternal deaths around the  world.   Let me give you another clue. The best way to stop abortions is with  access to family planning and contraception, which is in this very,  very good bill.   I heard my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about  polling, and I say polling, schmolling. Polls say one thing; polls say  another thing. I want to ask you, has any woman or even man in the  world taken a poll to decide whether or not they should become a  parent? I don't think so.    I am talking about past bills that have had these terrible  provisions, the gag rule, the Helms amendment, and so forth. You know  that sometimes you go along not because you want to go along. This has  been the case for many of us with these provisions.   Let me just say as loud as possible, women cannot live their full  potential unless they get to make their own decisions about parenthood.  So, removing the global gag rule and the Helms amendment makes this  such a very, very good bill that I celebrate today. This is an  important bill, and I support it.    Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Lee  for yielding and for her great work on this bill. Madam Speaker, all I  can start with saying is my, my, my. It is not enough that Republicans  are trying to block safe, legal abortions in every nook and cranny on  Earth, now they want to defund the world's finest health agency and cut  funding for family planning.   For those who don't follow it, the UNFPA is the United Nations'  sexual and reproductive health agency. Here is what it does: It  supports reproductive healthcare for women and youth in  [[Page H4148]]  more than 150 countries, home to more than 80 percent of the world's  population; it supports the health of pregnant women as well as  reliable access to modern contraceptives and the training of thousands  of healthcare workers; it supports the prevention of gender-based  violence, including the abandonment of female genital mutilation; and  it supports the prevention of teen pregnancy complications and efforts  to end child marriage.   I want to make it very clear, UNFPA has never supported forced  abortions anywhere. Where I have heard that, it is a lie.   This en bloc also seeks to cut family planning. Are you kidding?  Really?   You are trying to stop abortions, and then my friends on the other  side of the aisle think you are going to stop it by stopping access to  contraception and blocking the work of healthcare providers who deliver  reproductive care? To me that is just crazy, Madam Speaker. Crazy,  crazy, crazy.   Madam Speaker, I have said this before, and I say this again, for  women and their families to be safe, for communities to be prosperous,  for the world to be peaceful, women must succeed. And that means they  have to be healthy, free from sexual violence, and free to make their  own personal decisions about whether and when to become a parent.   I oppose the amendments en bloc, and I urge my colleagues to do the  same.   