 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I have  the honor to serve as the chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee, which does have jurisdiction over S. 849, the U.S.S. Frank  E. Evans Act, but in that capacity as chairman, I now have the  unenviable position of having to rise to register an objection at this  moment.   I want it to be clear to my colleague from North Dakota, my colleague  from New Hampshire, my colleague from New York, and all of those for  whom this is a measure on which they are seeking this legislative  endorsement--know that I have the absolute highest regard for the men  and women who serve our country and the sacrifices they have made for  all of us.   As the Senator from New Hampshire just mentioned, as we approach  Memorial Day, I think what we seek to do is to try to find ways to  honor more of those who have served our great Nation and a recognition  that those who lost their lives on the Frank E. Evans deserve a form of  recognition--a recognition of all those who lost their lives in  Vietnam. The story that has been relayed by colleagues here of the USS  Frank E. Evans is truly one of the most tragic that occurred during the  Vietnam war. I am absolutely sympathetic. I have had these discussions  with my colleague Senator Cramer. I appreciate the efforts that he is  making now and that he has made prior to his time here in the Senate to  recognize these sailors who gave their lives in the incident.   The reality that we face in the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee--again, we are the committee of jurisdiction, as we have the  oversight of the National Park Service. But it is not the National Park  Service that determines what or who is eligible for inscription on the  wall. It is the Department of Defense that is responsible for  determining whether members' names are eligible for inscription. This  is based on very specific criteria that is set not by those of us here  in Congress, not by those of us on the Energy Committee; it is set  specifically by the Department of Defense.   As has been raised here on the floor, the criteria do not allow or  accommodate the timing. The Evans sailors do not meet the eligibility  criteria the DOD has set out because it was not in the defined combat  zone of Vietnam at the time of the 1969 mishap.   I agree with my colleagues that it is indeed unfortunate that we have  this designation, this eligibility criteria that has left the honor  that is due these sailors open and unaddressed. It is unfortunate that  we are here today and that I stand left in a position to object despite  the efforts that my staff on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  and I have made to work with Senator Cramer, work with his team, work  with DOD to find an approach that we should all be able to agree on to  memorialize these sailors.   As we are looking for that path, I do stand to object to discharging  this bill from the committee, but I will make this commitment: This is  a matter that must be addressed. It is long overdue. We will find a way  to honor these sailors. But at this juncture, there remain practical,  legal, and technical considerations we have to resolve with the text  with regard to the effort that my colleague from North Dakota is  offering today. At this time, I would like to note my objection.   