 I applaud Chairwoman Lowey in her resolve to accomplish  Congress' top Constitutional priority assuring the operation of the  government of the United States and in record speed this year, despite  a global pandemic. Today's bold Appropriation minibus, which includes  State and Foreign Operations, Agriculture and Rural Development,  Interior  [[Page H3797]]  and Environment, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs,  reflects historic investments to meet the needs of the American people  and strengthen our national resolve during an unprecedented period in  American history.   Here are a handful of provisions that make this bill strong.   The bill prioritizes U.S. national security interests, including at  liberty's edge in Central and Eastern Europe. It takes valuable steps  to combat Russian aggression, it demonstrates our unwavering support  for liberty in Ukraine, funds diplomatic exchanges between the U.S. and  Poland, and protects Radio Free Europe's longstanding editorial  independence.   Then with acute food insecurity exposed in the pandemic, this bill  advances sustainable agriculture in this era of climate change. It  provides much needed support to hungry Americans, while giving rebirth  to an idea cultivated by the Greatest Generation, Victory Gardens so  every American family can reconnect with the power of earth to sustain  life.   As a lifelong resident of Toledo, Ohio, the distress from which our  beloved Lake Erie and all our Great Lakes have struggled as a result of  harmful algal blooms and invasive species like Grass Carp is a daily  concern. For the last decade, we've lived with putrid green algae  floating atop Lake Erie's Western Basin and tributaries, causing  environmental, economic, and public health crises in the process.  That's why I've fought to increase federal funding for projects like  the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which will receive $335 million  in this bill and other fresh water sources.   This bill says thank you to America's veterans, from general  healthcare and mental health services, to suicide prevention and  homeless assistance. This legislation makes historic investments to  improve the delivery of care, with extra focus on women veterans. It  also, underscores the importance of the VA's workforce and makes  recruitment and retention a top priority.   These examples are but a few of the worthy causes included in this  effort that make America even greater.   Mr. Speaker, this legislative package demonstrates the good a unified  Congress can achieve when we work together, even during a pandemic  where much of our work has been carried out remotely. I would like to  thank Chairwoman Lowey for her remarkable leadership throughout this  process, as well as each of the subcommittee chairs for their dutiful  work getting this legislation across the finish line. I urge strong  bipartisan support.   Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on provisions  of H.R. 7608.   Someday, future generations of Americans will look back on us and  wonder how and why a society that prided itself on its commitment to  human rights, precluded virtually all protection to the weakest and  most vulnerable--unborn children.   I believe they will demand to know why dismembering a child with  razor-sharp knives, pulverizing an infant with powerful suction  devices, or chemically poisoning a baby with any number of toxic  ``medications'', failed to elicit empathy for victim-babies.   The bill before us today, Mr. Speaker, reverses several modest but  important pro-life polices including the Protecting Life in Global  Health Assistance Policy--which is a reiteration and expansion of  President Ronald Reagan's Mexico City Policy.   Announced by Reagan at the United Nations Conference on Population  Control in Mexico City in 1984--hence its name--the policy was and is  designed to ensure that U.S. taxpayer money is not funneled to foreign  non-governmental organizations (NGOs) that perform or promote abortion  as a method of family planning.   I would note parenthetically, that over the years, I've sponsored  many amendments on this floor to protect the Mexico City Policy,  beginning in 1985.   The policy restored by President Trump, now called the Protecting  Life in Global Health Assistance Policy, established pro-child  safeguards--benign, humane conditions--on about $8.8 billion in annual  global health assistance.   For years--under Presidents Clinton and Obama--foreign non- governmental organizations (NGOs) had been empowered by U.S. taxpayer  grant money--to weaken, undermine, or reverse prolife laws in other  nations and to destroy the precious lives of unborn children.   Many countries throughout the world have been besieged by aggressive  and well-funded campaigns to overturn their pro-life laws and policies.   The Protecting Life in Global Health Assistance Policy mitigates U.S.  taxpayer complicity in global abortion.   U.S. foreign policy--and the foreign entities we fund with billions  of dollars in grant money--should consistently affirm, care for, and  tangibly assist women and children--including unborn baby girls and  boys.   Mr. Speaker, I am the prime author of several humanitarian and human  rights laws including the historic Trafficking Victims Protection Act,  the $30 billion five year reauthorization of the President's Emergency  Plan for Aids Relief (PEPFAR), End Neglected Tropical Diseases, the  Autism CARES Act, the Frank Wolf International Religious Freedom Act,  the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act, and much more.   I am the prime author of the Microenterprise Results and  Accountability Act and a second microenterprise law to help the poor,  especially women, escape poverty through microenterprise grants, credit  assistance, business development training--and self-sufficiency.   I believe we must increase access to maternal and prenatal care and  ensure access to safe blood and better nutrition for all women- especially those living in poverty.   We must also expand essential obstetrical services, including skilled  birth attendants, while improving transportation to emergency care  facilities to significantly reduce maternal mortality and morbidity-- including from obstetric fistula.   I wrote a bill--the Foreign Relations Act of 2006-7--that passed the  House. I included a life-saving provision to establish 12 fistula  centers mostly in Africa.   When the Senate failed to act on my comprehensive bill, I asked  USAID's Kent Hill to initiate a fistula repair program by  administrative action. He did. Approximately fifty-four thousand women  have had a life-changing fistula surgical repair.   Mr. Speaker, prioritizing programs that ensure adequate nutrition and  supplementation for moms and children during the all-important first  1,000 days of life--from conception to the second birthday--are among  the most transformative, life-enhancing commitments that can be made.   I've chaired several hearings on the stunning impact of the first  1000 days and included the initiative in my bill that passed the  House--the Global Food Security Act.   Expanding all these initiatives make women and children healthier,  stronger, and more resilient to disease and disability while reducing  death and injury.   No one is expendable or a throwaway.   Mr. Speaker, birth is merely an event--albeit an important one--in  the life of a child.   Victim-babies and their mothers absolutely deserve respect,  protection, and an abundance of compassion.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of further research,  production, and use of PZP-22, native PZP, GonaCon, and other  reversible fertility control to help reduce our country's untenable  wild horse populations. Urgent action is needed to protect the wild  horses and prevent further population increase.   I support and thank my colleague Representative Steve Cohen and those  who joined him in the Appropriations amendment which calls for  $11,000,000 for the Bureau of Land Management's (BLM) Wild Horse and  Burro Program budget. This funding would be used to implement a humane  fertility treatment such as PZP, which is a reversible fertility  control. This specific funding is a necessary and immediate measure  that addresses the bipartisan call for humanely managing the wild horse  population.   In my district, the University of Toledo has led the way on research  and production of PZP-22 for wild horse fertility control. BLM recently  confirmed that PZP remains a necessary tool to control the wild herds.  Unfortunately, BLM is not utilizing PZP or fertility controls to its  fullest potential and is leaving research capabilities unutilized. BLM  has a duty to continue the research, production, and use of proven  contraception such as PZP-22, while also pursuing other efforts toward  their goal of a vaccine that can be administered quickly and cost  effectively. The Cohen Amendment draws critical attention to these  measures.   I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in the House  and the Bureau of Land Management to find a humane and effective  solution to reversible fertility control. Until then, we must persist  with proven reversible fertility vaccines to quell the unsustainable  wild horse population.   I urge adoption of the Cohen Amendment.   