 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman  from New York (Mr. Espaillat) for yielding, and the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Meeks) for proposing this legislation,  along with his colleagues, Mr. Kinzinger and all the Members who are  supporting H.R. 8259 that deals with the admission of Russia into the  G7.   The reason I think this is crucial legislation that I would hope that  we would move swiftly to the United States Senate, the other body, and  move swiftly for a signature, ultimately, of the President of the  United States, is because this is a move that seems afoot with little  consultation of the other members of the G7.   Anyone listening to this, the American people, might be reminded that  Russia fought against the Nazis. One might say they were on the good  side in World War II. There have been moments where we have been able  to collaborate with Russia on important issues relevant to all of us,  Europe and beyond. But it certainly is disappointing under the  leadership of their present head of government that they have seemingly  sought not only to quash dissent but to kill dissent.   Just a few minutes ago, we heard of the poisoning of one of the  largest dissenters in Russia. It has happened before. It will happen  again.   Is the G7 an organization that coddles and comforts those who would  poison dissent or undermine dissent? Or are we a group that may not  agree all the time but truly believes in human rights and the dignity  of all people and, yes, the understanding that dissent is part of the  democratic principles? I am appalled at the attempt to kill dissent.   Then, of course, you have to be concerned about the absolute,  unfettered intrusion and caring less about the people of Ukraine,  Crimea, and certainly places in surrounding Eastern Europe. They are in  fear of their lives--the shooting down of an innocent commercial  airline and the complete denial of such.   Belarus, the whole question of Moldova, all of these places are  subject to the whims of Russia.   Now, if there was a completely different policy, foreign aid, a  foreign relations policy of cooperation and collaboration, there is  certainly the opportunity for G7 members to talk with Russia in any  other forum. But I think when we are supporting NATO, we recognize the  importance of that alliance. We also understand the strength of that  alliance, recognizing the importance of that alliance in Afghanistan  and, yes, in Iraq.   To admit, because of a personal relationship between a head of state  and Russia's head of state, I think it is unacceptable.   Let me also say something that is strikingly disturbing at this  point. Yes, the President has the right to hire and fire his or her  Cabinet. In the last 4 days or so, the then-existing Secretary of  Defense was precipitously fired. We don't have the inner workings and  decisions of that. Maybe his work performance wasn't up to par. It  doesn't seem like that is the case.   Then, all of a sudden, a new person is ultimately an interim Acting  Secretary of Defense, one of the most strategic and important parts of  our Nation.   Having been here through 9/11, there was a transition of government.  Look who struck. Not Russia, of course, but Osama bin Laden on 9/11.    Mr. Speaker, now we have a circumstance where the  newly appointed Acting Secretary of Defense is saying that our troops  will be cut in half.   I understand, the Joint Chiefs, if I am correct, have not been  consulted or they have not made that decision. And  [[Page H5909]]  that means, is that opening the door more for Russia into Afghanistan  and Iraq? Is that jeopardizing our troops?   These are questions that tie into relationships between Russia and  now, presently, the United States.   I think we have to make a firm statement against the G7, and I ask  that we question the decision to withdraw troops, not because I have  not been against the wars, but because I believe our troops should be  assessed as their security and also our mission.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for the support of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for  his leadership, and I also rise in enthusiastic support for the  PLASTICS Act of Mr. McCaul and Mr. Engel.   Texas is a Gulf State. Before we even get to the ocean, we can see  the impact of plastic even in our area. To hear the stark report that  more plastic than fish in 2050, I ask the question: What do we leave  for our children?   I think this legislation has a very important and strategic point to  combine public and private partnership, to acknowledge the devastation  of plastic, and to be able, in essence, to save the Earth.   Mr. Speaker, for a moment, I want to allude also to the  nonproliferation legislation that we just discussed and to join in  support of the dire conditions and dire straits that the Nation and the  world will be in if we allow the proliferation of nuclear abilities.   It is very important that we contain those nuclear abilities. We have  been on the floor today discussing Russia and its poisoning of  dissidents, its intrusion into its neighbors. And we understand that  the reckless use of nuclear materials really pose a danger to our  children and our children's children. It is for that reason that I  believe that we must continue fighting for nuclear nonproliferation.   As a member of the European Parliamentary Exchange and many other  groups discussing this, I believe this is an important and ongoing  responsibility, along with the PLASTICS Act, it is intended to make our  world safer and better for all. That is a commitment that we, as the  Members of the United States Congress, should take extremely seriously,  and I think it will be we who will stand in the gap to show  [[Page H5913]]  the world what America's true values really are. We care about the  environment and we care to keep the world safe from nuclear  proliferation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank the sponsor  and the cosponsor of the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank the manager and  the sponsor of this legislation for their kind courtesies.   Mr. Speaker, it is never too late to say ``thank you,'' and I wanted  to just not forget to thank Chairman Engel for the years of commitment  to these issues and to his service on the Foreign Affairs and the  Energy and Commerce Committees.   I know this list of legislative initiatives has had the impact of our  manager, the distinguished gentleman from New York, and certainly all  of the friends and the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee.  But I think it is appropriate, having known Mr. Engel for a very long  time, that he is a true believer in democracy, he is a believer in the  international responsibilities of the United States, and he is also one  who recognizes transition of government in the right way. He is  transitioning, and he is doing it with dignity and respect.   Mr. Speaker, I want to express to him my deepest respect for his  service to not only the United States Congress and his family's  sacrifice, but to the United States of America. We thank him for that  service. It is my desire to have that in the Record at this time. I  thank him on behalf of this Nation.   