 Mr. President, just about a month ago, I was on the  floor. Senator Durbin from Illinois was here. We were on the floor at  that time to ask for unanimous consent to pass legislation to fix a  technical issue with the VOCA deposit.   As my colleagues will remember, VOCA is designed to help sustain the  Crime Victims Fund Act, or that is the legislation that we had  introduced at that time. Just to refresh memories, I would like to  reiterate why this fix to the victims fund is so essential.   Effectively, what we are talking about here is stability;  sustainability; and, really, certainty.   I had an opportunity in late June to host a roundtable with members  from the victim services groups from around the State. We were focused  on the impact of the VOCA deposit issue specific to Alaska and what it  meant for those who provide the services for victims, whether these are  the child advocacy centers, whether these are the domestic violence  shelters and the centers, abused women networks. But I was really blown  away by the testimony from so many in these organizations. They were  facing a 36-percent cut to the VOCA funds in just this past fiscal  year.   When you think about what the impact of cuts at 36 percent means to  any organization, it is, obviously, very, very limiting. But for some  of these organizations, we are talking about a quarter of their budget.  A quarter of their annual budget could be lost just like that.   What they shared with me was that this was everything for them. This  was the difference of being able to answer the phone from somebody who  has been abused; is in an awful, tragic situation; doesn't know where  to go, and they phone that number and there is nobody to take that  call, nobody to respond, nobody to save those lives.   It is a matter of not just having the individual there to answer the  phone, but, again, when we think about the types of services that are  provided by these victim services organizations, they are there for,  truly, the most vulnerable at an exceptionally vulnerable moment in  their lives.   I was able to hear from those who were gathered at this roundtable,  to hear firsthand on the increases in victimization that we have seen  in my home State of Alaska during this past year, as we have seen this  impact from COVID. But the impacts of this increase on our providers  have really been astounding.   Alaska CARES, for example, saw a 173-percent increase in children  hospitalized in the pediatric ICU for serious physical abuse and fatal  neglect.   Think about that. They had a 173-percent increase in these kids who  are being hospitalized, and they have said they were seeing significant  brain trauma, significant brain injury. I heard about unprecedented  increases that we are seeing in child torture, which our child advocacy  centers are witnessing firsthand. Really, when you think about that, it  has to just haunt you to the core.   The Alaska chapter of Volunteers of America, which receives VOCA  funds to provide at-risk youth and children with vital mental health  services, shared a story. They introduced me to Alice.   Alice is a teen who experienced numerous traumatic events in her  young life, including child sexual assault and neglect. By receiving  services through VOCA, she is pulling her life together. She is  learning coping skills, learning to make those positive choices.   So when we think about the role that these victim services play,  these providers who, again, are there for truly the most vulnerable at  the most vulnerable times that they may face, it should make us want to  do everything we can to ensure that they have the resources available  for them.   The longer Congress delays this inevitable fix, the larger cuts  victim services in Alaska and in every State in our Nation are going to  face. I think  [[Page S4968]]  we all recognize this has been a difficult time, but for those who are  trying to serve victims through a global pandemic, it has really been  so much harder. It has been 10 times harder. Our providers are  exhausted. They are burned out. And now they are faced with massive  cuts.   Now, my colleague from Pennsylvania has some legitimate budget  concerns that he hopes to address through an amendment we will take up  later today. His concerns with changes in mandatory spending are valid,  and I respect that, but this VOCA fix legislation is not the mechanism  to address these concerns. I fear that if his amendment should pass, it  will delay and perhaps derail this much needed fix.   Again, we are hearing from victims. We are hearing from survivors. We  are hearing from victim service organizations. They are asking us--they  are asking us--they are begging us for a fix now to the VOCA deposit. I  am not hearing too many of them ask for CHIMP reform. The use of CHIMPs  is controversial. Our legislation, which would fix the VOCA deposit, is  not.   We cannot fail the many who dedicate their lives to serving victims  and survivors. There was an Alaska organization at the VOCA roundtable  who said it very neatly. She said: It is a representation of our values  as a society how we help those who are most vulnerable.   We have the ability today to do what is right, so I would urge my  colleagues to vote aye on the VOCA Fix Act.   With that, I yield the floor.   