 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler  for his leadership in bringing the NO BAN Act for a vote on the floor  today.   Three years ago, when President Trump first took office, within 1  week, he announced the first Muslim ban.   I will never forget that terrible day in January of 2017. I was on my  way to a community event when I received a frantic call about 50  Muslims with green cards who were being detained at LAX for hours, with  no end in sight.   At that moment, I decided to drop everything and help in any way I  could. I rushed over to LAX to advocate for these people. Once I  arrived, I found out that, indeed, there were scores of people with a  legal right to be here kept for hours without food and blocked from  receiving legal advice from an attorney.   With this action, Trump was immediately creating chaos and separating  families with no justification. It was outrageous. When I pressed  Customs and Border Protection for answers, they resisted and blocked  me. I even got them on the phone, only to have them hang up on me.   I had never been more disrespected as a Member of Congress, but  disrespect and chaos is what this Muslim ban is all about. Since then,  the administration has steadily worked to make it harder and harder for  individuals to come to the United States, which has meant keeping  families and loved ones apart.   Partners and spouses have been kept apart for years at a time.  Children have missed parent's funerals. Parents have missed children's  weddings, birthdays, and graduations. Families have been languishing,  wondering when they will be reunited, all because of a policy born from  prejudice. This is a cruel abuse of power that must be stopped.   The NO BAN Act repeals all versions of the Muslim ban, including the  travel ban imposed in February of this year that includes many African  countries. It limits the President's authority to ban people from  entering the United States unless there is a clear justification. The  President would have to consult with the Departments of Homeland  Security and State before implementing a ban and would have to brief  Congress within 48 hours.   Let me make clear that this bill would not have impacted our ability  to fight the COVID-19 pandemic in any way, as it does not interfere  with the ability of a President to restrict immigration due to public  health concerns.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote in favor of this  historic legislation which sends a strong message to our communities  that you cannot be discriminated against based on your religion or  national origin.   