 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about Michigan  families. Our families are a lot like families in every other State.  Families in Michigan worry about making ends meet. It is something that  keeps them up at night a lot of times.   Parents of young children wonder how they will be able to pay for  quality childcare. The costs may be as much or more than their rent. I  know for my daughter and her husband, it is more than their mortgage  payment for their three children. A mom wonders how she will feed her  kids healthy meals in the summer when there are no school meals.  Parents of older children worry about how they will be able to pay for  their college tuition. Seniors in Michigan wonder why their hearing aid  or their glasses or their trips to the dentist aren't covered by  Medicare right now. They should be. And with our budget, they will be.  And they want to know why their medicine is so expensive.   And then we have Michigan farmers diligently planning cover crops for  healthier soil while directly battling the effects of the climate  crisis and the destruction of their crops, and they need support to  help them do more. They want to do more. All of our families wonder if  we will be able to tackle the climate crisis in time to save lives and  land and jobs. Their worries are our worries.   That is why Democrats are committed to passing the Build Back Better  Budget. Let me also say that I congratulate all of my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle who have, through their hard work and  leadership, brought us to this point of passing part 1 of President  Biden's Build Back agenda, which is the bipartisan infrastructure bill,  and I am enthusiastically supporting it.   So the Build Back Better Budget is the second piece, and it is  focused on keeping historic economic growth going, and it is a game  changer for our families. It really is. It is a game changer for our  future, and it does four things, simply. It lowers costs for  Americans--those things that keep folks up at night when they are  trying figure out how to juggle all the costs coming in for themselves  or their families.   It is going to cut taxes for American families, continue the  biggest--maybe ever--tax cut that has gone to American families that we  passed in the American Rescue Plan.   It is going to create millions of jobs while tackling the climate  crisis. As we saw the report today, it said what we knew, but we have  to be very serious about what comes next here in tackling the climate  crisis.   And the great news is this: The great news is that we can cut costs  and cut taxes and create millions of jobs and tackle the climate crisis  and pay for it. We pay for it just simply by saying that the wealthy  will pay their fair share. It is only fair that everybody be  contributing to America and everybody be contributing to building back  better in our country.   The Build Back Better Budget will cut costs for the things that keep  families up at night: the cost of food, childcare, home care, price of  medicine, college tuition. For the first time, seniors will be able to  have their hearing aids, their glasses, and their dental care that they  need covered by Medicare. I know a lot of folks think it already does  cover those things. It does not yet, but we want that to happen.   And families will have paid leave when they need it. That is really  important because no family should worry that a birth of a child, an  illness, or the need to care for an aging parent will leave them in a  financial hole that they can never get out of.   Speaking of support for families, about a month ago, Michigan  families began to receive monthly help based on the number of children  in their family. This is for families across the country. It is a tax  cut that was made possible by the American Rescue Plan passed by  Democrats in Congress and signed into law by President Biden.   Our families today are receiving up to $250 a month for each child  age 6 to age 17 and up to $300 for each child under age 6. It is  estimated that around 92 percent of Michigan families, that Michigan  children will benefit from this tax cut that we passed in the American  Rescue Plan.   And the tax cuts in other parts of the American Rescue Plan are now  beginning to cut child poverty in half. I will say that again: child  poverty in half this year, not 5 years from now, not 10 years from now,  this year. What a great thing that we should all be excited about. And  it not only helps children and families being lifted out of poverty,  but it helps the whole economy. It helps strengthen us as a country.   Unfortunately, when Republicans are in the majority, tax cuts always  seem to go to people who need it the least: the wealthy and the well  connected. This tax cut is going to people who need it most: American  families. And the Build Back Better Budget doubles down on this tax  cut, extending this, resulting in one of the largest tax cuts for  American families ever, cutting taxes for American families.   The Build Back Better Budget will also create millions of jobs,  including in agriculture and rural communities. The Build Back Better  Budget will ensure that the United States will not only compete but  will lead the world's race toward a clean energy future. And I know our  Presiding Officer cares deeply about that and is a leader in that, and  it is exciting to see what we can do through this budget.   Currently, Chinese companies produce 60 percent of the parts for wind  turbines, 80 percent of solar cells, 80 percent of battery cells, and  it is time to bring those jobs home, and there is no reason that we  can't. Through the right support and incentives, we can bring those  jobs home.   Investing in technology will ensure that these parts are made in  America  [[Page S6097]]  and will create good-paying American jobs--nearly 2 million jobs per  year over the next 10 years. That is 2 million, then 2 million, then 2  million, then 2 million over the next 10 years.   And it will help us address the climate crisis head-on through  critical policies and incentives that will reduce U.S. carbon emissions  50 percent by 2030. That is essential.   We are investing in farmers who want to keep leading the charge to  combat the climate crisis, while making sure we have the resources to  restore our forests, make them more resilient in the face of climate- driven wildfires. We are fulfilling the promise of a climate-smart  future by investing in research at land-grant and agricultural  universities like my own alma mater, Michigan State University.   The Build Back Better Budget will lower costs for families; it is  going to cut their taxes; it is going to create millions of good-paying  jobs, while we are tackling the climate crisis. And we simply just have  to make sure the wealthiest people in this country step up and are  paying their fair share.   Folks in Michigan work really hard to provide for their families. It  is time to reward that hard work, not just wealth. It is unacceptable  that some of the world's most profitable companies and billionaires pay  little or no tax at all; that is despite their profits and their  fortunes growing every single year.   Under the Build Back Better Budget, no one who makes under $400,000  per year will see their taxes go up. Let me say that again. No one  under a $400,000 a year in income will see their taxes go. Instead, the  typical American family will see their costs and their taxes go down.   For too long--far too long--when Republican colleagues have been in  charge, the wealthy and huge corporations have come first, receiving  special treatment over and over again. I think it is about time we put  the American people first.   And, by the way, I have heard so many colleagues on the other side of  the aisle come to the floor over and over again lamenting that we are  going to increase taxes. So for the record, let me just say that I  don't think it is increasing taxes to tell a billionaire they have to  pay more than zero. And that is what we are talking about here, just  people paying their fair share for the majority of Americans in this  country who are working hard to have a fair shot to work hard and to  make it and to know that somebody is going to have their back. And that  is what the Build Back Better Budget is all about.   So let me just say again: It is time to lower costs for the big  things that keep families up at night. It is time to cut taxes for  American families. It is time to create millions of jobs, which we can  do. This is the great news: We can create millions of jobs while  tackling the climate crisis, which we must seriously tackle. And it is  time for the wealthy in this country to pay their fair share. Michigan  families, families across the country have been waiting long enough.  They are ready for us to build back better.   I yield the floor.   