 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Guthrie and Chairman  Pallone for their support of this critical legislation.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1629, the Fairness in Orphan  Drug Exclusivity Act.   This crucial legislation would close a loophole in the current law  that can be used to block competition in the pharmaceutical  marketplace.   The Orphan Drug Act of 1983 provided incentives for prescription drug  manufacturers to develop products to treat rare diseases. This includes  an exclusive 7-year marketing right for therapies that receive an  orphan drug designation.   For a drug to qualify, it must either be a treatment for a disease or  a condition that affects fewer than 200,000 people in the United  States, or is a drug intended for diseases that there is no reasonable  expectation to recoup research and development costs.   This legislation focuses on the drugs intended for diseases that  there is no reasonable expectation to recoup research and development  costs. It would require all drug manufacturers who obtain orphan drug  status to prove that they have no reasonable expectation that they will  recover their research and development costs and efforts.   This legislation works to prevent companies from continuing to use  orphan drug exclusivity status for a newly approved drug, with an  identical ingredient to the former version, without having to prove the  inability to recoup costs.   This exact circumstance happened when a manufacturer of a  buprenorphine product updated an older product that received orphan  drug status and subsequently was given a renewed orphan drug  exclusivity. Buprenorphine is used as a treatment for opioid use  disorder to help those recovering from addiction. Unfortunately, at the  time, the opioid epidemic was raging. It was, by no means, a rare  disease, and the drug was not a market loser.   Closing this loophole will ensure that products do not receive an  unfair market advantage and, therefore, remains consistent with the  spirit and intent of the Orphan Drug Act. We must work to ensure people  can gain access to newer therapies and medically assisted treatments  that are potentially blocked due to orphan designation.   Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Marc Veasey for introducing  this legislation along with me. I thank my colleagues in the House for  passing this bill without objection on a voice vote just 6 months ago  in the 116th Congress.   Again, I thank Chairman Pallone for bringing this bill forward and  for his leadership on substance use disorder and behavioral health  issues more broadly.   Madam Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill.   