 Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank chairman Smith for his  inclusion in En Bloc Amendment No. 2 of my bipartisan amendment  regarding efforts to reduce maternal mortality among servicewomen. I  would like to thank Congressman Steve Stivers for joining me in this  effort.   Our nation's overall maternal mortality rate is terrible, there is no  way to sugar coat it. And we all know, that women of color suffer rates  that are abysmally higher.   This amendment, which has been endorsed by the American College of  Obstetricians and Gynecologists, will send a strong signal to the  Defense Department that Congress supports and encourages the work it is  already doing with CDC to establish an Maternal Mortality Review  Committee or MMRC so that we can identify the causes of servicemembers'  and their dependents' pregnancy-related deaths and act to prevent them.   As long as there are any maternal deaths occurring among our  servicemembers and their dependents in the military, there is a  distinct need for a Maternal Mortality Review Committee that will help  dig deep into each maternal death and get the answers that can save  other lives.   I remind my colleagues, that just in the last Congress, we enacted  legislation into law that would strengthen the ability of States to  form these committees comprised of experts in maternal health. Since  then, MMRCs around the country have provided enlightening reports that  are helping us understand the drivers of maternal mortality, racial  inequities, and the most effective interventions to eliminate  preventable maternal deaths.   And now its critical that we put this proven tool to work to help  ensure safe pregnancies for servicemembers and their dependents.   Additionally, as this bill moves to conference, I hope that House and  Senate conferees will including report language directing the Defense  Department to provide a report to Congress on its efforts to establish  a MMRC and whether that committee will meet established criteria that  has proven effective, including being composed of a multidisciplinary  group of experts including physicians, epidemiologists, and patient  advocates, having strong confidentiality protections, and facilitating  comprehensive and effective data sharing with relevant state maternal  mortality review committees as well as federal state death data.   The goal is zero preventable maternal deaths. And it is going to  require all of us working together to get there. An MMRC is just one  more tool to get there. We are standing them and/or strengthening them  in every state and now it's time to take this best practice and  incorporate it in the military.   Every maternal death is a tragedy. If we can prevent them, we need to  act to do so.   