 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule for the  George Floyd Justice in Policing Act. I stand with those across the  country who have lifted their voices, shared their pain, and called on  us to enact meaningful change.   With the comprehensive reforms of this legislation, we seek to  fundamentally shift our Nation's failed approach of policing, an  approach that, for especially Black and Brown communities and other  communities of color, assumes guilt and normalizes racial profiling.  [[Page H2433]]    We cannot remain complicit in a system that systematically oppresses  people of color. We must acknowledge our repeated failures and  proactively reinvest in community-based training programs.   There has been plenty of time for discussion. Today, we finally take  a step forward.   My district of Sacramento is all too familiar with this pain. We are  still mourning the death of Stephon Clark. There are others we have  mourned whose families still seek justice. Yet, the resounding response  of our community is wonderful. People of all races, ages, and  backgrounds have marched side-by-side with a united voice to tell the  Nation that we can and must do better.   The George Floyd Justice in Policing Act is a step toward building  trust between law enforcement and our communities.   Through this legislation, we will ban the use of deadly techniques  like the chokehold and no-knock warrants.   We will end the Pentagon's program of giving local police departments  military-grade weapons. The contrasting images of MRAP military  vehicles overpowering civilian protestors have no place in America.   We will create new thresholds of transparency, and we will require  accountability. We will end qualified immunity that has prevented  change in police departments throughout this Nation, and we will  streamline Federal law to prosecute excessive force.   America continues to find ways to right our historical wrongs.  Together, we must fight for a more equitable future. This legislation  is a positive step toward a safer, more equal, and more just America.   I look forward to supporting this bill and others provided by this  rule.   