 Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Scott for yielding to me,  and I rise in strong support of H.R. 1230, the Protecting Older Workers  Against Discrimination Act.   This month, House Democrats are taking historic action to fight for  our older Americans across the country. As cofounder and co-chair of  the Democratic Caucus Task Force on Aging and Families, I am proud to  announce that our Older Americans Bill of Rights, which we will  introduce in the coming weeks, already has over 100 cosponsors.   That resolution reflects a covenant with senior citizens and urges  the Congress to uphold the dignity of older Americans and their  families.    Through that resolution, House Democrats are affirming that seniors  have the right to live with dignity and with independence, including  the right to high-quality healthcare, the right to age in place, and  the right to financial security, including protecting against age  discrimination in the workplace.   The bill that we are voting on today signals that we are taking those  rights so seriously that we are not just making statements about it,  but we are taking bold action. The bill before us ensures that senior  citizens who have been victims of age discrimination can have their  claims adjudicated fairly without having to jump through all kinds of  arbitrary hoops created by a misguided court decision.   Protecting older workers is about more than just adjudicating claims  of discrimination. It is about ensuring  [[Page H262]]  older workers have the dignity that they deserve.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Tlaib for leading  this conversation today. I am seeing some of my colleagues on the floor  today who remember the story that I want to tell.   This was the fall of 2002, and there was a vigorous debate going on  whether or not we should be sending our troops to declare war on Iraq  and take out Saddam Hussein. The story went that there were weapons of  mass destruction.   Yes, we had briefings. They were in the north. They were in the  south, the west, and the east. They were there all right, we were told.   A vote was going to come up on the Authorization for Use of Military  Force, AUMF, in Iraq. There was one voice in particular that stood out  and still stands out to me, a woman who was the ranking Democrat on the  Intelligence Committee. Her name was Nancy Pelosi. She stood up at our  meetings and said, no, there is no intelligence to justify that we go  to war in Iraq.   A group of us got together. I see Congresswoman Barbara Lee, the only  Member who, because we were already in Afghanistan, voted against that  war, who put together a group called the Out of Iraq Caucus. We went  door-to-door, literally, and asked our Democratic friends in the House  to say no to this war because it was not necessary.   At the end of the day, even though the press story had already been  written that somehow it was almost a unanimous vote, 60 percent of the  Democrats in the House of Representatives voted against that war in  Iraq.   That was over 17 years ago. We still have troops in Iraq. We spent  trillions, literally trillions of dollars, and the loss of life on all  sides, including our precious American soldiers that we sent--most  Americans today agree that that war was a disaster and that we  shouldn't have done it. We learned a lesson.   When it came time to talk about the threat that we knew was there,  the nuclear weapons program in Iran, we worked with President Barack  Obama in a diplomatic way to pass the Iran agreement that actually  stopped Iran from developing nuclear weapons that would threaten not  only the United States and the region but the rest of the world. And it  was working. There were inspectors that would report to us. Every  month, we got a report that said it was working.   Along comes Donald Trump, who had said even in the campaign that this  is a really bad idea, that this is a terrible agreement. Lo and behold,  just a few weeks ago, he decided--it seems like a long time. Not long  ago, he decides, all  [[Page H278]]  of a sudden, that it is a really important thing for us to go after  Iran while Soleimani, the general, who is part of the government, is in  Iraq.   No one is crying over the death of Soleimani. The question is: Is the  United States safer now than it was? The answer is a resounding no.   That is why I am in strong support of the legislation by Barbara Lee  that says we will sunset that 2002 Authorization for Use of Military  Force in Iraq and the legislation by Ro Khanna that will prohibit the  use of Federal funds for military action in or against Iran unless  Congress specifically authorizes it or declares war or such actions are  undertaken consistent with the War Powers Resolution of 1973.   In other words, come to Congress. That is who we are. That is our  job. We are the ones who are supposed to say war or peace. The most  important thing we could do is decide whether we send our young men and  women into harm's way to sacrifice their lives.   We have to exert our authority. We have to exert our authority right  now.   I stand in support of that legislation. We don't need, and the  American people don't want, another endless war in Iran or anywhere in  the Middle East. It is time to say no, to say that Congress is going to  make those decisions, and to do it now.   