 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule. PFAS water contamination  is personal for all of us. Nearly all of us have been contaminated  without our consent, without our knowledge. We all have PFAS in our  blood, the forever chemical. High levels of this toxin have dangerous  and damaging health effects. The EPA's website describes the effects:  ``low infant birth weights, effects on the immune system, cancer . . .  and thyroid hormone disruption.''   And manufacturers knew. They knew the dangers of PFAS my entire life.  It wasn't until the turn of this century and the heroic work of  Attorney Rob Bilott that they were forced to admit what they knew. They  knew that PFAS was toxic in the 1960s. They knew it was building up in  our bodies, in our blood, by the 1970s. They knew it was contaminating  our water by the 1980s. They knew that it was poisoning our own workers  by the 1990s. But they hid the truth from their own workers, from their  neighbors, from you and me.   We have a responsibility to protect everyone from PFAS contamination  and the PFAS Action Act is a step in the right direction in ensuring  everyone has clean water. The PFAS Action Act would: require the EPA to  establish a national drinking water standard; designate PFOA and PFOS  chemicals as hazardous substances; require EPA to regulate PFAS  discharge; and provide $200 million annually for wastewater treatment;  place a moratorium on the introduction of new PFAS; and require  comprehensive PFAS health testing.   All of this would set a standard and provide protections. I am  grateful to see a requirement for EPA to develop necessary rules for  safe disposal of PFAS. That is included in this legislation.   We cannot continue to allow manufacturers to recklessly poison our  communities. As we move forward, remember, it is our responsibility as  legislators to educate, litigate, legislate, and finally hold polluters  accountable.   I thank Representative Dingell for her tenacity in drafting and  passing this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this rule  and the underlying bill as well as the other two bills in the rule.   