 Mr. President, I rise today to associate myself with the  remarks of the gentleman from Idaho and the gentleman from Utah, who  just spoke about one of the most egregious nominations to ever receive  a vote on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   I am speaking of President Biden's nomination of Tracy Stone-Manning  to be Director of the Bureau of Land Management.   I have been here in Washington, DC, for close to a decade now, and I  know that oftentimes it feels there are few things that unite us as  Democrats and Republicans. I would have hoped that just one of those  things that would have united us would be opposition to ecoterrorism;  and yet, in about an hour, the Senate will be voting to confirm a known  ecoterrorist collaborator to lead one of the most consequential land  management agencies.   I am flabbergasted. I am aghast. I am horrified. This is a solemn,  bad day for land management in the United States.   Here we are, $28 trillion-plus in debt--28 trillion-plus in debt.  Inflation is threatening every single American. We have a global  pandemic, a major crisis at our southern border, a massive government  expansion, and debt ceiling debate, and Senate Democrats want to put an  ecoterrorist collaborator to manage one of the biggest land management  agencies in the United States.   The Bureau of Land Management administers about 245 million acres of  land. It manages 18.4 million acres of public land surface in my State  and nearly 43 million acres of Federal mineral estate in my home State  of Wyoming.   As is required by law, the Bureau of Land Management operates under a  multiple-use mandate that balances recreation needs, energy  development, grazing, conservation, mining, wildlife habitat, and more.  Leading this Agency requires someone who is balanced and committed to  supporting this multiple-use mandate. It is the law that governs the  Bureau of Land Management.   Do we have that in Ms. Stone-Manning?   As reported by the Washington Post, of all places, Ms. Stone-Manning  was a spokeswoman for Earth First!, the group responsible for the  ecoterrorist tree spiking spoken of by Mr. Risch and Mr. Lee moments  ago in Idaho's Clearwater National Forests.   So what is the motto for the group for which Ms. Stone-Manning served  as a mouthpiece?   Here it is: ``No compromise in the defense of Mother Earth.''   No compromise. None. And yet we are supposed to trust that Ms. Stone- Manning will compromise on the inevitable conflicts that will come  before her as BLM Director, the requirement that she balance the  interests on use of BLM land?   For President Biden and my Senate colleagues across the aisle, do you  really want your names associated with a ``no compromise'' mouthpiece  of a convicted ecoterrorist organization; someone who lied under oath  to the Energy and Natural Resources Committee?   In her testimony, she lied under oath. Someone who has advocated for  population control as a means to save the environment; someone who has  written that grazing is ``destroying the West.''   Now, pair that remark with what you just heard from Senator Risch.  Senator Risch says: She and her husband want those houses in the  interface with the forest to burn.   What prevents them from burning?   It is grazing. Grazing done right helps keep the forest floor and the  grasses from igniting conflagrations. Grazing is good for the West, yet  she has written that grazing destroys the West. Grazing is one of the  elements of multiple use.   Does that mean that she is going to use her position to try to  eliminate grazing in the West?   That would add to catastrophic fires. That would add to carbon  emissions from these monster fires that we are having.   Management requires land management. That is why it is called the  Bureau of Land Management. It is not the bureau of land let it be, let  it burn, let it rot, let it be ignored. It is the Bureau of Land  Management, with a multiple-use mandate.   Ms. Manning is wholly unqualified to serve in this position-- absolutely unqualified.   I urge President Biden to withdraw her nomination before 7:00  tonight, and for Senate Democrats to join us in saying no to this  nominee. This nominee is an insult to the American West.   I yield the floor.   