 Mr. President, I come to the floor, too, to thank the  Senator from Tennessee for his service to our Nation and for his work  here in the U.S. Senate.   Some of my colleagues have already mentioned the brevity of words  with which Senator Alexander can deliver a message. I, too, remember  his comments as a Rules Committee member, on the inaugural address, and  really capturing the moment of why a transition of power is so  important to our Nation. And it struck me that we really had a poet or  a writer among us, someone who could sense and feel the moment of what  we were going through and express it in words. So I have no doubt that  some writing is in Lamar's future here, and I look forward to seeing  that.   But I wanted to rise today to thank him for his service and what it  has meant to my State and to our Nation. My colleague from Washington  talked about their work together on the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee. I, too, want to thank you for the CARES Act, and I  remember your recognition on FOX News about stem cell research and the  great work that that has led to.   So we are appreciative of those research dollars, but I want to focus  on a role that maybe has not gotten as much attention--the historic  role you have played on our energy budget and our National Laboratory  budget.   I so appreciate the background of your State and the background of  focus on energy funding, from the National Laboratory perspective,  which has had to have a constant flow and constantly it has been  challenged. Yet it has put every step forward because of the level of  investment in helping us make our Nation more secure, create more  innovation, and create more jobs. So thank you for holding steadfast on  the National Laboratory budget.   I also want to thank you for your work on the Manhattan Project  National Historical Park, which we worked together on, which, both,  commemorated the history of our Nation and our Manhattan Project at,  both, Oak Ridge and at Richland, WA, and Hanford, and to just thank you  for the constant focus on the cleanup budget that we have had to have  in the Energy Department, as it related to Hanford.   There was a time when we had many cleanup projects around the Nation,  and it was very easy to come together and say that we had to get  Savannah River, we had to get Oak Ridge, we had to get Colorado, we had  to get Idaho, and we had to get Hanford. But as those projects made  progress, a lot of people forgot about what it took to clean up  Hanford. So I appreciate your constant focus on helping us to get the  dollars necessary for cleanup at Hanford.   I also appreciate, recently, your help on making sure that people  didn't overstep on the National Nuclear Security Administration and  turn that over to a Defense oversight of people but kept it within the  Department of Energy. I so appreciate that.   But I will be forever grateful for your focus on public lands. We  have a saying in my State: Environmentalists make great ancestors. So I  don't know if you want that environmentalist term associated with your  name, but I am pretty sure you do want the stewardship.   And the man from the Great Smoky Mountains helped us deliver a  monumental piece of legislation by convincing the President of the  United States to support the budgetary impact of combining both the  national parks enhancement program, which is basically taking care of  the national parks backlog, which was in the billions of dollars, and  also fully funding the Land and Water Conservation Fund, a battle that  had been going on for more than a decade.   So I want to thank you for that, Lamar. I want to thank you on behalf  of the Washingtonians who will go to so many special places, who will  get to visit and commune with their families, who will be able to have  outdoor experiences, who will be able to really understand the grandeur  of Mother Earth. So thank you for pulling off what seemed to be like an  impossible effort to convince people to make that level of investment.   We are going to miss the harmony of your voice and the harmony of  your legislative skills, but we are not going to say permanently good- bye to you because we hope that you will be sending us messages just  like the one you sent today and reminding us that we can do better.   So thank you, Lamar, for your contribution, in a lot of your life, to  these very important issues that affect so many of us. Thank you   