 Mr. President, I am speaking tonight on behalf of the  millions of Americans living with disabilities, and on behalf of the  many more who, whether they know it or not, are just 1 day, one  accident, one devastating medical diagnosis away from acquiring a  disability as well.   I come to the floor on their behalf because I came to the floor by  rolling through the Capitol's corridors in the wheelchair you see me  sitting on now, and I could come to the floor because 30 years ago,  Congress passed the Americans with Disabilities Act, granting millions  of Americans like me better access to the full, independent lives we  deserve.   That landmark legislation only passed because of the dedicated  activists who proudly crowded in front of this building in 1990 to  demand that their country finally give those with disabilities the  basic rights the Constitution provided.   It only became law because dozens of them got out of their  wheelchairs, set down their crutches, and crawled up the 83 steps of  the Capitol Building--because Jennifer Keelan, an 8-year-old with  cerebral palsy, pulled herself to the top of the steps, saying, ``I'll  take all night if I have to,'' and because those around her refused to  leave a fellow American behind, offering Jennifer support when she  needed it, one step, one shoulder to lean on at a time.   Thirty years ago, these activists changed Senators' hearts, minds,  and, most importantly, votes. Thirty years ago, this legislative body  said that people like me mattered. But last week, Republicans in this  Chamber proposed a bill that said we don't.   I speak out of a sense of frustration as I watch my Republican  colleagues, including the ones who once championed the ADA, attempt to  reconstruct, brick by brick, the shameful wall of exclusion that  Congress sought to tear down three decades ago.   Less than a week after celebrating the 30th anniversary of a  Republican President declaring that the ADA would bring us ``closer to  that day when no Americans will ever again be deprived of their basic  guarantee of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,'' Senate  Republicans have put forward legislation that threatens to deprive our  community of those same fundamental rights.   Many interpreted the timing of the HEALS Act as confirmation of an  alarming fact: The GOP has declared war on the disability community and  the ADA. I truly hope this is not the case and that the timing was a  deeply unfortunate coincidence, but at the end of the day, actions  speak far louder than words.   If Senate Republicans want to demonstrate that they value life, that  they value the civil rights of all Americans, they must join Democrats  in supporting two measures that would show the disability community  that their party actually gives a darn about them.   First, we need to save lives by preventing mass institutionalization.  Placing individuals with disabilities into congregate care facilities  where the risks of serious illness or death are high is reckless and  unacceptable. To achieve this goal, we must increase the Federal  Medicaid Assistance Percentages, the FMAP, by 10 percent for Medicaid  Home and Community-Based Services.   Republicans and Democratic Governors alike desperately need this  change. The House already passed this 10 percent FMAP increase months  ago, and the Senate must follow suit in any COVID-19 relief deal that  is reached.   Real-world experience has tragically demonstrated how vulnerable  congregate care settings are to deadly superspreader events like COVID- 19. We know from existing data that Americans with intellectual and  developmental disabilities are killed at far higher rates than other  Americans when infected with COVID-19. So investing in State efforts to  provide Medicaid services to vulnerable populations in the safety of  their own homes is just a commonsense policy that would save countless  lives.   Second, Senate Republicans must abandon efforts to gut the ADA, once  and for all. Disability rights are human rights, and these civil rights  must never become optional benefits that can be taken away whenever it  is convenient or cheaper for employers or those who are in power.  Allowing businesses to exclude employees with disabilities from  reopening plans is exactly the type of discrimination that the ADA  sought to abolish. Yet the GOP HEALS Act seeks to relegate millions of  Americans back to second-class status, sending the offensive message  that our community can be cast aside if the cost to companies are too  high.   But the harsh reality is that these efforts are anything but new.  Decades ago, when my friend Judy Heumann passed her exams to earn a  teaching license, she was nevertheless denied the license by the school  board all because of so-called concerns about legal liability in the  workplace   They said that because Judy used a wheelchair, she represented a fire  hazard and could not safely teach in a classroom. Do these types of  concerns sound familiar? The passage of the ADA was supposed to  relegate such workplace discrimination stories to the history books.  Those outrageous examples of injustice were supposed to represent the  nightmares of yesterday, not the reality of tomorrow made possible by a  Republican proposal today.   Yet here we are in 2020, and Senate Republicans are shamelessly using  a deadly pandemic as cover to gut the ADA and hoist that brick wall of  exclusion right back up. No one is asking for special treatment. What  we are asking for is to not take away the basic rights the Constitution  promised all those centuries ago and this Chamber affirmed three  decades ago under a Republican President.   So as we debate this next relief package, the questions that every  Member of this body must ask are simple: Are we going to leave  Americans with disabilities behind? Are their lives worth saving? Are  their jobs expendable?   For anyone with a conscience--for anyone with any ounce of compassion  or even just a lick of respect for the rule of law, the answer to those  questions should be obvious.   You know, in the Army our Soldier's Creed included never leaving a  fallen comrade behind. I am alive today because my buddies in Iraq  risked their lives to recover my body because they thought I was dead  and refused to leave me behind.   The activists who crawled their way up the Capitol steps did much the  same for each other: helping one another make their way up inch by  inch, closer to the Chamber I am sitting in right now, refusing to let  any one of them struggle--to let any one of them fall behind.   I am on the floor tonight because of those two acts of courage from  two different groups of people continents away and a decade and a half  apart.   Now, as a Senator, my North Star is paying that debt of honor forward  and trying to live up to the sacrifices they made for others. So today  and tomorrow and the tomorrow after that, you better believe I am going  to keep fighting to hold the Senate accountable for living up to the  motto of the Nation we serve: ``E Pluribus Unum,'' Out of Many, One,  because this country was born on that idea. It was born from the phrase  ``We the People.'' And it grew out of the belief that there is nothing  more powerful than the will of the citizenry when the citizenry works  with each other and for each other.   Our response to this pandemic is a test of our faith in that Founding  doctrine. If we focus on the ``we''--if we think about uniting the many  into the one--then we can save lives and move past this national trauma  together. But it is up to each one of us to act in a way that protects  all of us, to act in a way that ensures no one, nobody, disabled or  otherwise, will be left behind.  [[Page S4921]]    With that, I yield the floor.   