 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 256,  legislation to repeal the Authorization for Use of Military Force  Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (``2002 AUMF'').   This authorization has outlived its usefulness, if it ever had one.  My position on the Iraq war has been clear: I opposed the occupation of  Iraq and the damage it unleashed. We were wise to exit this quagmire  while retaining the ability to address any legitimate security threats  emanating from this region.   But we left the 2002 AUMF in place, which was a mistake. First the  Obama Administration and now the Biden Administration have made clear  it is no longer needed. As noted by the Biden Administration, ``repeal  of the 2002 AUMF would likely have minimal impact on current military  operations.''   Additionally, I share concerns that failure to repeal the 2002 AUMF  will allow it to continue to be misused to legitimize U.S. military  actions that were never contemplated when it was passed, including in  areas far outside of Iraq.   It's time that Congress begins to reclaim its war powers. Repealing  this outdated 2002 AUMF will also allow our country to refocus our  military strategies and efforts towards defending against legitimate  national security threats facing our country. We will never stop open  ended war if we never reconsider the open-ended authorizations that are  feeding them. The Constitution is clear about Congress' authority.  These are difficult decisions but every time we punt on reasserting our  authority regarding sending our men and women in uniform to war, we  weaken our institution and our democracy.   Today's vote marks the fourth time in the past three years that the  House has passed similar legislation in a bipartisan fashion. Today's  action hopefully marks the last time we do so and that we will finally  see this legislation enacted into law.   I support H.R. 256 and the termination of the Authorization for Use  of Military Force Against Iraq, and I urge my colleagues to support  this measure.  [[Page H2909]]    