 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Virginia, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today as a partner in important work to prevent  and treat child abuse through the bipartisan Stronger Child Abuse  Prevention and Treatment Act, or Stronger CAPTA.   Child abuse and neglect are heartbreaking, immoral, and inexcusable.  No child should ever have to endure pain and suffering at the hands of  a parent or caregiver, yet, unfortunately, such behavior continues to  affect millions of children across the country.   This bill, Stronger CAPTA, is focused on doing what Congress can do  to see that no child experiences the dreadful impacts caused by neglect  and abuse. This legislation is the result of bipartisan collaboration  among members of the Committee on Education and Labor and will  strengthen Federal efforts to recognize, prevent, and treat child abuse  and neglect nationwide.   While we have a variety of perspectives represented on the committee,  I believe this compromise will benefit children and families and  maintain important protections for parents and faith-based providers of  care to families.   Importantly, Stronger CAPTA not only protects children, but it also  maintains and strengthens parental rights. While there are certainly  instances where intervention is necessary, this legislation includes  important safeguards to limit unsubstantiated or false reports and  provides education to child protective service workers about the rights  of parents and families.   The first priority of the Federal Government should always be to  protect and respect the family unit, while fostering an environment for  both parents and children to thrive. Stronger CAPTA gives a holistic  view of child abuse and neglect, providing States with resources  designed to strengthen families and keep children with those who love  them most.   CAPTA was originally enacted in 1974, to support the development of  programs aimed at prevention, assessment, investigation, prosecution,  and treatment of child abuse and neglect.  [[Page H1388]]  Stronger CAPTA seeks to continue this important work while putting more  emphasis on prevention so that abuse and neglect can be stopped before  it happens.   Madam Speaker, the need to pass this legislation and send it to the  President's desk is urgent. According to the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention, heightened stress, school closures, loss of  income, and social isolation resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic have  increased the risk for child abuse and neglect.    The rate of child maltreatment has ticked up in recent years,  devastating families and communities across the country and  underscoring the necessity to open America's schools safely. Without  teachers interacting with students every day, an entire line of defense  against neglect and abuse is lost.   Additionally, due to the increased demand on their services, State  child protective service agencies are struggling to respond to the  growing number of reports they receive each year.   That is why we are here. Stronger CAPTA will help States address the  recent and devastating rise in child abuse and neglect by improving the  quality of child protective services and building networks of  prevention services designed to strengthen American families.   It improves collaboration between States regarding accountability,  supports the development of strategies and best practices for reducing  rates of abuse and neglect linked to parents' substance abuse disorder,  and ensures that no child is removed from a family solely because of  their economic situation or without a judicial order, except in cases  of imminent harm.   Furthermore, the bill seeks to prevent and treat child abuse by  engaging the community. We want to prevent abuse before it ever  happens, and one of the best ways to accomplish that goal is to ensure  that communities and parents work together in the planning,  implementation, and evaluation of prevention services.   I believe every Member of this body wishes to live in a world where  laws like Stronger CAPTA are not necessary. Unfortunately, we do not  live in such a world, but it is reassuring that during times of extreme  political divisiveness, we can come together for the greater good.   Madam Speaker, I acknowledge the hard work done on both sides of the  aisle to author this bipartisan legislation aimed at protecting some of  our most vulnerable citizens. Protecting America's children from abuse  and neglect is something we can all agree is of paramount importance,  and I am glad we could work together on such a meaningful initiative.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to support the Stronger CAPTA, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, no child should ever have to endure the pain of abuse  or neglect by a parent or caregiver, and that is why today's work is so  important.   By passing today's bill, we are focused on protecting the most  vulnerable citizens among us and give them a voice here in Congress.   The bipartisan Stronger CAPTA bolsters prevention efforts and  streamlines current assurances and requirements so States can focus on  serving and providing treatment to children rather than spending more  time filling out paperwork.   Child abuse and neglect has no place in America's homes, and it is my  hope that today's legislation will significantly reduce the number of  children who must cope with the devastating impacts of abuse and  neglect.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for  their hard work on this critical legislation. Again, I urge a ``yes''  vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.   