 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 7301,  legislation to provide help to our renters, homeowners, and landlords  who are at risk of becoming homeless. The bill would strengthen and  renew critical protections to ensure that tens of millions of Americans  can keep a roof over their heads. It also makes sure we can continue to  get help to those who are already homeless.   The economic shock created by COVID-19 is still ongoing. Now is not  the time to relax the protections that Congress has put in place. When  this health crisis escalated in March and the House first acted, no one  could imagine the devastation that would befall our communities. Over  120,000 Americans dead, more than 2 million infected. And the confirmed  death and case counts remain on the rise. Our nation has experienced 14  straight weeks of over 1 million unemployment weekly claims and  national unemployment rates that have tripled. Many have lost jobs and  the only thing keeping them in their homes is either a local, state, or  federal moratorium or the kindness of landlords.   We know we are engaged with a deadly foe that preys on the most  vulnerable. Our new normal is not going away and our public policies  need to respond to help the tens of millions of Americans who are now  living on the edge, through no fault of their own.   In my state of Wisconsin, according to media reports, we saw  ``eviction filings jumping 42 percent statewide in the first two weeks  of June'' following the end of a statewide moratorium on such actions.   The number of eviction filings will only worsen if we allow the  federal moratorium, currently scheduled to lapse no later than July 25  that affect federally subsidized housing and backed mortgages, to come  to a sharp halt.   The Trump Administration and Senate Majority Leader McConnell may be  content to wait and watch as more and more Americans falter in these  trying economic times, but we must not be so callous.   This bill would extend the eviction moratorium to March 27, 2021. It  would also extend it to help all renters and provide $100 billion for  an emergency rental assistance fund that would help renters cover their  rent and utility bills, including any unpaid bills.   We also help homeowners by banning foreclosures for an additional 6  months and creating a Homeowner Assistance Fund that would help with  mortgage payments, property taxes, property insurance, and other  housing related costs.   The legislation also takes steps to help the homeless, who were  already vulnerable before this pandemic. Strong funding for homeless  assistance grants will help ensure that people experiencing  homelessness are able to follow social distancing guidance and have  access to necessary services to get them into permanent housing.   This bill would also give $1 billion to for new Housing Choice  Vouchers that would be targeted to people experiencing or at risk of  homelessness and survivors of domestic violence. Because homelessness  leads many people to cycle through costly emergency systems and  shortens life expectancy, it is good public policy to put resources  toward keeping people from becoming homeless in the first place and  helping those who are homeless get stable housing.   The middle of a pandemic is not the time to take away lifelines.  Housing is crucially important. Let us act to help keep people homed  and to support those experiencing homelessness.   As I said on this floor nearly four years ago, ``The American people  deserve a Congress and a President who will keep them in their houses  and in their homes.''   