 Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Chairwoman Maloney for  yielding, and I salute her for her leadership in bringing this historic  legislation to the floor.   All of us join in saluting Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, who  has been the patron saint of D.C. statehood since she came to Congress.  She has been tireless, persistent, and dissatisfied as she has built  historical support for this bill, which passed in the previous Congress  with 235 votes.   I rise as Speaker of the House to join my colleagues on this  momentous day for American democracy as we right a historic injustice  by passing legislation to finally grant Washington, D.C., statehood.   Statehood for the District of Columbia is about showing respect for  our democracy, for the American people, and for our Constitution. That  Constitution begins with our preamble, ``We the people,'' setting out  our Founders' vision of a government of, by, and for the people.   Yet, for more than two centuries, the people of Washington, D.C.,  have been denied their right to fully participate in their democracy.   D.C., as Congresswoman Norton mentioned, pays more Federal taxes per  capita than any other State. Its budget is larger than 12 States. Its  population is larger than two States. Its people have fought in every  American war since the Revolution.   D.C. residents have been fighting for voting rights and autonomy for  220 years, with a full 86 percent recently voting for statehood.   It is well past the time to grant them the rights that they have been  fighting for and that they deserve.   As I said, Mr. Speaker, I rise as Speaker of the House on this  momentous occasion. It is an official honor to do so, but it is also a  personal privilege to join Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton; the  distinguished chair of the committee of jurisdiction, Congresswoman  Maloney; many of my colleagues; and the distinguished majority leader,  Mr. Hoyer, who has made this part of his life's work in the Congress to  join in this fight for statehood.   It is a personal privilege because when I was born, my father was a  Member of Congress from Baltimore, Maryland, Thomas D'Alesandro, Jr. He  served as chairman of the District of Columbia Appropriations  Subcommittee. That position made him the unofficial mayor of Washington  because of the authority that the committee had over the District of  Columbia and their every decision.   However, my father did not agree with that. He was a proponent for  what was then called ``home rule.'' They often say that statehood for  the District of Columbia is in my DNA. It went from home rule, then to  finally having a mayor, and now we want statehood. We have always  wanted statehood, but now we finally are able to pass it in the  Congress.   There is nothing theoretical or abstract about statehood. For  example, last summer, the country watched in horror as Federal agents  and out-of-State National Guard troops were deployed against peaceful  protesters in the District without residents' approval. Then, on  January 6, as our Capitol was being defiled, our Capitol Police  assaulted and killed, and our Members and staff terrorized, D.C.  leaders did not have the authority to call the National Guard to  protect its people.   Granting D.C. statehood means ensuring that its leaders have the  tools they need to keep people safe. The Governor of any one of our  States has the authority to call in the National Guard. That is not an  authority that is  [[Page H2073]]  afforded to the Mayor of Washington, D.C. If that were the case, we  would have had protection much sooner.   Statehood is also a matter of civil rights. The residents of the  District have a right to self-governance and control over their lives  and futures.   It is particularly meaningful that we pass this legislation just days  after the anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln signing the District  of Columbia Compensated Emancipation Act, freeing enslaved people in  the District.   Today, by passing H.R. 51 to admit the State of Washington, Douglass  Commonwealth into the Union, the House will finally address this  unjust, unequal, and undemocratic situation.   We look forward to a swift vote in the Senate on this essential  legislation so that we can send this important legislation to the  President's desk.   At the same time, House Democrats will continue our work to protect  every American's right to be heard at the ballot box. I urge a strong  vote for D.C. statehood, H.R. 51--the 51st State, easy to remember--and  for its citizens' civil liberties, security, and right to have a say in  our democracy.   I want to once again commend Representative Eleanor Holmes Norton for  her long dedication to justice for every person in our country,  starting with the people she represents in the District of Columbia,  hopefully soon to be the 51st State of the Union. I urge an ``aye''  vote.    