 Mr. President, I grew up on a family farm with modest  means. As a young girl, I saw Washington, DC, as a place for men in big  fancy suits and big fancy houses. While a lot has changed since that  time--for one, there are a lot more women like me serving in the  Senate--so much here is still the same.   You see, too many folks in Washington get their paychecks from  American taxpayers but don't honor the folks who pay their salary.  Instead of holding bad actors accountable, whether it is reckless  spending or raunchy behavior on taxpayers' time, it gets swept under  the rug.   Let me give you an example. I have a bill right now. It is called the  Billion Dollar Boondoggle Act. It passed committee unanimously. It is  actually one of the simplest bills I have ever introduced. It literally  requires the government to report on projects that are, No. 1, behind  schedule and, No. 2, overbudget. It is a simple reporting requirement.  Again, it passed through the committee unanimously.   The bill has the support of my Republican colleagues, but I am being  stonewalled by my friends across the aisle. Folks, I cannot fathom why  some Senate Democrats would oppose a reporting requirement to identify  wasteful spending.   You might ask: If this bill is so simple, why does it mean so much to  you? Because it matters to my fellow Iowa taxpayers. They expect  Washington to use their tax dollars wisely, not throw them down  bottomless sinkholes that go unnoticed. Ask any small business owner in  Iowa whether the bottom line allows them to be over-budget or behind  schedule. They would be out of business. They would be out of business  in a heartbeat. Yet we can't even pass a bill to report on these cost  overruns, much less address them. I guess it is perfectly fine for  Washington to take more and more from working families and small  businesses.   Folks, I think it is downright shameful that we just can't pass this  simple bill. I will remind you again, it passed unanimously through  committee.   While there is a heck of a lot of political posturing that goes on in  the Senate, we have had moments when we have come together to rein in  the ticker tape parade of Washington's excesses. For instance, we  passed my SQUEAL Act, which was signed into law as part of the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act of 2017. I am proud of that effort because there is no  reason Members of Congress should enjoy tax perks that don't get  enjoyed by everyone else.   My bipartisan Program Management Improvement and Accountability Act  was signed into law, creating more efficiency and oversight in the  Federal Government.   I certainly have not stopped fighting to rein in Presidential perks.   I have also worked with colleagues who couldn't be more different  from me politically, and we have actually accomplished really important  things for the American people. I will name a few of those. We have  fought against abuse in the Olympics. We have worked to stop prison  rape. We have expanded telehealth and mental health services for our  veterans. We have fought against opioids in our communities, and so  much more.   Working across the aisle really does take humility. It takes honesty,  and it takes a firm belief in America and her people. But we can do  this. I would urge all of my colleagues to support my bill and move it  through the Senate.   Living in Iowa, I am so blessed to be around the best people America  has to offer. I am lucky not just to call these people farmers but also  friends and neighbors. Iowans are strong. Iowans are resilient. And  Iowans are brave. I have long said we need more of Iowa in Washington.  I will keep fighting to make sure that happens.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   