 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the objection.    Madam Speaker, I started this day disheartened that our  colleagues were going to drag us through this cynical political charade  of objecting to duly certified electoral college votes, but I was ready  and eager to defend Pennsylvania's elections and the will of  Pennsylvania's voters.   Never did I expect to be answering calls from family and friends  concerned for my safety or to have to barricade myself in an office.  But most important of all, never did I expect to see our Capitol  overrun by armed insurrectionists intent on disrupting our government  at the urging of the President.   What happened here today has made me heart-sick for our country, but  it only strengthens my resolve to uphold the rule of law and to protect  the decision of Pennsylvania's voters.   Earlier this week, we raised our hands and swore an oath to bear true  faith and allegiance to the Constitution of the United States. But,  today, those who are blocking the counting of electors from  Pennsylvania are showing that their allegiance lies not to the  Constitution or to their constituents, and many would argue not even to  the Republican Party, but to their own political fortunes and the  outgoing President.   Pennsylvania's voters, not Members of Congress, are tasked with  choosing Pennsylvania's Presidential electors, and particularly not  congressmen from other States. The people have spoken, and Pennsylvania  certified our electors. We must respect our oath here by rejecting this  unfounded objection to Pennsylvania's electoral votes, and not  substitute Congress' judgment for that of the people of Pennsylvania.   Legal challenges to elections are serious matters, and that is why  there is a place to consider those challenges: In courtrooms before  impartial judges.   And Pennsylvania's legal process has worked. The pseudo-legal  arguments that are being raised by the objectors here today are not  new. Over the past 2 months, the President and his allies have filed  more than 20 lawsuits to challenge the Pennsylvania election. Those  challenges have been rejected in Federal courts, State courts,  appellate courts, and the United States Supreme Court. Challenges have  been rejected by judges who are registered Democrats, Republicans,  Independents, and who have been appointed by Democratic and Republican  Presidents.   And why did they lose all those cases?   As Third Circuit Judge Bibas, a Trump appointee, wrote, ``Free, fair  elections are the lifeblood of our democracy. Charges of unfairness are  serious. But calling an election unfair does not make it so. Charges  require specific allegations and then proof. We have neither here.''   What the Court said points to an important distinction about when and  how claims of election misconduct are made. It is easy to make wild  claims of election fraud on cable television or Twitter, but those  claims are not facts. And while there may be no immediate consequences  for misleading the public with such statements, there is certainly a  penalty for misleading the courts.   A lawyer faces fines, jail, and loss of his or her license for making  frivolous or false claims. The lawyers for the Trump campaign never  alleged widespread fraud or illegal voting had impacted Pennsylvania's  elections because those claims are false.   When our colleagues indulge in this political theatre and endorse  fringe conspiracy theories, they may think there are no consequences  because they know that this time the majorities of the House and Senate  will overrule them. But as the entire world saw today, their baseless  claims of election fraud do have consequences. They undermine faith and  respect for our elections and our government. They chip away at the  foundation of our constitutional Republic and they take a sledgehammer  to the peaceful transfer of power. It is our job to respect the rule of  law and reject this political charade.   Finally, I want to offer my deepest respect to our Republican  colleagues in both the House and the Senate who have withstood intense  political pressure, and today honor their oath in the rule of law by  rejecting these unfounded objections.   