 Mr. Speaker, at this historic moment for our beloved  nation, we come together to pass the largest federal boost to our  economy in modem history. This package is ``For Our People.'' It will  save lives and our economy.   Let me begin with a heartfelt thank you to our first responders,  medical workers, grocery store workers, field hands and migrant  workers, municipal employees, drug store and pharmacy employees, food  bank volunteers, truck drivers and delivery workers, and the US Army  Corps of Engineers, National Guard personnel, and non-profit Samaritans  and volunteers of every persuasion helping across America. Each of your  tireless efforts and dedication make this nation stronger.   Our country is under attack by an invisible foe. We have not  experienced a threat of this magnitude since Pearl Harbor when our  nation found itself quite ill-prepared to meet foreign foes. Today, we  vote on a $2.3 trillion response package that recognizes the medical  and economic horrors confronting the American people. This legislation  provides assurance and support to those who need healing and a bridge  toward a more secure future.   To America's medical frontline, our families, workers, seniors, and  small businesses, we have heard your pleas for rescue. Today we provide  a lifeline.   Because of Democratic efforts, huge investments in hospitals, health  systems and state and local government will receive the resources they  desperately need to meet this pandemic.   Democratic efforts won significant increases in unemployment  insurance benefits to match average paychecks of laid-off or furloughed  workers, and direct cash payments to millions.   Democratic pressure led to significant expansion of fast relief for  small businesses and  [[Page H1850]]  made rent, mortgages, and utility costs eligible for SBA loan  forgiveness.   Because of Democratic leadership, students will have billions for  emergency education funding and student loans will not bear income tax  on repayment assistance provided by an employer.   And most importantly, spending of the taxpayer dollars will be held  accountable with oversight, preventing secret bailouts to the  wealthiest friends of this Administration.   This legislation is bold. But is not an immediate cure all. More  action is required soon.   This global pandemic exposed the reality the Heartland of our nation  has known for decades. We cannot rely on foreign manufacturing for  vital, daily essentials, surely medical supplies. It is overtime for  this Administration to bring the full force of the Defense Production  Act online, but more importantly to then partner with Congress to  rebuild America's security through domestic manufacturing.   Too many Americans have already lost their lives in this crisis  because of missed warnings, ignored alarms, and disregard for our  industrial base and vital medical supply lines. With Congress next  turning to a legislative solution to provide robust economic recovery,  we cannot ignore the elephant in the room.   We must do everything to rebuild our strategic medical stockpile  through American manufacturing ingenuity. American lives are at stake  now and in the future. We make America great again by healing her  people and rebuilding her domestic medical production.   I fully support today's response package and urge all my colleagues  to do so.   