 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Bowman  for yielding.   I am here today with the urgent request that the Biden administration  cancel the student debt obligations that burden 44.7 million Americans.  I am one of these 44.7 million Americans who is still paying off  student loans well after our college days.   I rise today to elevate the voices of the numerous constituents who  continuously call me, Facebook me, and DM me to tell me their stories,  including Natalie from Morningside and Jacob from Atlanta, both of whom  told me that they are desperate for relief and that they only see  heartache in their futures, all thanks to their student loan debt.   But we know that it doesn't have to be this way. During the COVID-19  pandemic, a financial lifeline was extended to the American people with  emergency student loan relief. But that lifeline is going to end in  just 2 short months.   Now that we have seen that being free of the burden of student loan  debt is possible, we must deliver for the American people and cancel  student debt permanently.   Student debt is disproportionately held by Black borrowers and  continues to worsen the racial wealth gap. Nowhere is it more obvious  to have this  [[Page H6898]]  vicious cycle of student loan debt exacerbate the racial wealth gap  than with our historically Black colleges and universities. Not only am  I a proud third-generation HBCU alum of Talladega College, but  Georgia's Fifth Congressional District has more HBCUs than any other  congressional district in this country.   HBCUs have been intentionally underfunded throughout their history.  While the Build Back Better Act will partially rectify that injustice,  HBCUs are still struggling to meet the needs of the more than 290,000  students enrolled in more than 100 HBCUs across America today. HBCUs'  endowments are smaller compared to those of predominantly White  institutions, and, in turn, that limits the aid that HBCUs can provide  to our students, leading to larger student loans and smaller alumni  donations, burdening grads with tens of thousands of dollars in debt  and perpetuating the cycle for generations to come.   Student loan debt also prevents people from starting a family and  building a better life. An Education Trust study found that of graduate  degree holders who earn between $75,000 and $100,000 with $94,000 in  student loan debt, 55 percent of debtors delayed investments in  retirement; 67 percent postponed buying a home; and 36 percent  postponed having a child.   We live in the richest country in the world. We ought to be ashamed  of these statistics. We shouldn't accept that people must choose  between paying off student loans or having the family that they have  always dreamed of. For generations, American students have heard that a  college education is the key to unlocking the American Dream. Instead  of unlocking the American Dream, we have only created a uniquely  American nightmare.   We made a promise to the American people. We can deliver on that  promise by canceling student loan debt so that everyone can thrive and  not merely survive.   I thank Representative Bowman for hosting this Special Order hour,  and I look forward to making sure that we deliver on the promise of  America for everyone.   