 Madam Speaker, the Build Back Better Act is one of the  most consequential pieces of legislation that has ever made its way  through the halls of Congress.   Over the last several decades, the rich have gotten richer, only for  the Middle Class to pay the price as America's working families and our  physical and social infrastructure have suffered the death of a  thousand cuts.   The Build Back Better Act sets our Nation on a new course--lowering  the cost of health care, family care, and senior care, improving  infrastructure, combating climate change, and creating good-paying jobs  in every sector and community in our nation.   Seniors will benefit from new federal negotiating powers to lower the  price of prescription drugs, a $2,000 cap on their out-of-pocket drug  expenses on Medicare Part D, and the inclusion of hearing care in  Medicare for the first time.   Americans with diabetes will no longer pay more than $35 per month  for insulin.   The vast majority of families will pay no more than 7 percent of  their income for childcare. There will be new universal preschool for  all 3- and 4-year-olds, and the Child Tax Credit will cut taxes for  hardworking families.   Our farmers will benefit from new investments in regenerative  agriculture, soil conservation, and urban agriculture.   The Civilian Climate Corps will help preserve and protect our  environment while combating climate change.   We will develop new emission-reduction technologies for our critical  infrastructure like ports, and build the electric and hydrogen vehicles  of the future for consumers and the public sector--including hundreds  of thousands of vehicles of the United States Postal Service, and the  heavy trucks and service equipment of city and county fleets--all while  ensuring our workers receive the training they need for these new  technologies. The Build Back Better Act will ensure our workers are not  left behind in the transition to the new economy.   We will modernize our electric grid, and upgrade our homes and  neighborhoods through new weatherization initiatives.   Under-resourced neighborhoods will finally have the resources for  new, quality, affordable housing. Small business owners will see new  opportunities for growth as our communities recover from years of  underinvestment.   And our veterans will receive higher quality care at new VA  facilities across the Nation.   The American people will do all this by finally requiring the  wealthiest, the biggest corporations, and the tax cheats to pay their  fair share. Multimillionaires and those who store their wealth offshore  will pay the taxes they owe to support America's resurgence.   And no one making less than $400,000 a year will pay one red cent in  higher taxes.   We know that what America makes and grows makes and grows America.  The Build Back Better Act will invest in and support those who do the  making and growing. Every child, worker, family, senior will benefit.   The Build Back Better Act will guide America to a better future, and  restore the Middle Class that has long labored to build up this  Nation--the greatest Democratic Republic in the world.   Today is a good day for America. Now, let's get this bill to  President Biden's desk.   