 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am glad to be on the floor today, joined  by my colleague Senator Richard Blumenthal and Senator Lindsey Graham.   We all saw and remember the horrific images from this past summer  when Afghanistan fell into the hands of a brutal Taliban regime. It was  a difficult time for many of us, especially our veterans, our Gold Star  families, and the families of the 13 servicemembers we lost during that  disastrous exit, including the family of Marine Cpl Daegan William- Tyeler Page of Red Oak, IA, my hometown.   These heroes must never be forgotten. While the tragic exit from  Afghanistan may have moved off of the front pages, and while it may not  be top of mind for many Americans here at home, the devastating  situation in Afghanistan is all too real for the hundreds of American  citizens and allies who were left behind.   The reality is, right now, U.S. citizens, green card holders, and  SIV-eligible Afghans are still stranded behind enemy lines in  Afghanistan.   I am furious over the mishandling of this administration's exit from  Afghanistan. It was a disaster from start to finish. Now, America has a  duty and an obligation to get these people home or brought to safety,  plain and simple.   To those who are stranded in Afghanistan today, my message to you is  clear: I have not forgotten you. America has not forgotten you.  [[Page S9056]]    As my colleagues pointed out already, we are trying to find ways to  remind Congress, the administration, and the public of those Americans  who are still stranded in the country and the importance of taking  action to get them home.   As a way to remind those around that our fellow Americans are still  stranded and that we need to get them home, I am encouraging Iowans and  all Americans to join me, to join Senators Graham and Blumenthal in  wearing a green ribbon this holiday season.   We must ensure that America does not forget those who this  administration has left behind.   I am proud to join my colleagues today, Democrats and Republicans, to  ensure we keep the pressure on and to get these people, including our  fellow Americans, home at last. We cannot and we will not let them be  forgotten.   I yield the floor to Senator Blumenthal.    Mr. President, do you hear what I hear?   Before the prancing and pawing of each little hoof of Santa's eight  tiny reindeer will be heard on the roof, there is a joyful sound that  denotes the coming of the yuletide season in just a few instantly  recognizable notes.   Of course, I am talking about Mariah Carey's ``All I Want for  Christmas Is You.'' While it has become a holiday classic, the song is  taking on a whole new meaning this season.   If, like Mariah, you don't want a lot for Christmas and don't care  about the presents underneath the Christmas tree, this may be your  year. That is because Bidenomics is causing everything to be back- ordered, delayed, unavailable, or just plain unaffordable. Even  Christmas trees are in short supply. So don't be surprised if your only  option to deck the halls this year looks like Charlie Brown's sad  little twig of a fir tree branch.   Whether shopping at a store or online, we are all experiencing it.  With the cost of gifts up 20 percent and consumer prices surging to the  highest level in over 30 years, you are paying a ho ho whole lot more  for a ho ho whole lot less; that is if you can even find what you are  looking for.   Perhaps the most telling sign of the times, the Dollar Tree--which  had to discontinue selling some of its popular products due to cost  constraints--is raising prices to $1.25.   President Biden's contribution to this year's season of giving could  best be summed up by an elf on an empty shelf. After all, the Biden  administration has ignored, dismissed, and even contributed to the  conditions causing these economic hardships.   Speaking at the White House just last week, the President actually  claimed his efforts have resulted in ``shelves across the country being  well-stocked.'' That may be true at his White House gift shop, but not  in the stores in Iowa and across the country. The supply chain problem  is such a mess, not even Rudolph with his nose so bright can guide all  of the barges stuck at sea into port by Christmas night.   The Democrats' out-of-control spending spree and misguided economic  policies, like paying people not to work for most of the year, have  decreased both the availability of goods, as well as the value of the  money in your wallet.   For folks in Iowa and the rest of the Nation who are working longer  hours due to labor shortages or just to keep up with the skyrocketing  prices, this has created a real-life ``Nightmare Before Christmas.''   As a result, a record number of Americans say they won't be buying  gifts this year. But rather than addressing these concerns, ``Bare  Shelves Biden'' is pushing his so-called Build Back Better Act, which  itself is a Christmas tree bill adorned with something for every  leftwing special interest group and topped off with a massive $300  billion tax break for coastal elites.   For those millionaires on their wish list who literally have  everything, DC Democrats are wrapping up a generous tax cut worth  nearly $17,000. To no one's surprise, those benefitting the most from  this tax giveaway live in or around the San Francisco Congressional  District represented by Speaker Nancy Pelosi; and the State of New  York, home of the Senate majority leader. It is a lot like a plot twist  to Charles Dickens' classic, ``A Christmas Carol.''   But instead of learning to embrace the giving spirit of Christmas,  Scrooge receives a tax handout paid for out of the pockets of essential  workers struggling to provide for their own families. What a bunch of  humbug.   Santa Claus, I don't know if you are listening, but if you are, when  you're making your list and checking it twice, remember that President  Biden promised taxpayers that his Build Back Better plan costs zero  dollars, doesn't waste any money on tax breaks for the wealthy, and  adds--you guessed it--zero dollars to the national debt.   To no one's surprise, that promise ended up being a fa-la-la-la-lot  of malarkey. The truth is the Biden bill costs $1.7 trillion, adds $376  billion to our debt and gives a huge tax cut to millionaires.   While the President certainly deserves a stocking full of coal for  breaking his promises to taxpayers, even coal is in short supply at the  moment, and the price has soared to the highest level in more than 12  years.   Other energy prices, whether to warm your home or fill up the gas  tank of your car, are also up sharply. The President has done his part  to limit fuel supplies by signing Executive orders to further restrict  access to oil and gas.   After enduring nearly 2 years of making sacrifices, folks should not  have to now choose between heating their house, buying food for their  families, or putting gifts under the tree.   So rather than passing another one of President Biden's budget  busting bills, the best gift that Washington can give taxpayers is to  keep this from being a blue Christmas and simply stop making matters  worse.   Folks who have worked hard all year desperately deserve a break from  the economic pressures being caused by Bidenomics so they can enjoy  some time with their families. And unlike last Christmas, we can once  again rediscover the true meaning of this holiday season by spending  time with those we love the most, just like Mariah sings about, ``Make  my wish come true, all I want for Christmas is you.''   Madam President, I yield the floor.   