 Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we  will instruct the Committee on Education and Labor to consider an  amendment to exempt certain industries with unique workplace  environments from the requirements in the underlying bill.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, H.R. 3110 imposes one-size-fits-all  nursing accommodation requirements on different kinds of work  environments, including those found in the airline, shipping, and  agriculture industries.   As a mother of two who nursed both children while working, I  understand the importance of having these accommodations in the  workplace.   Under current law, the Fair Labor Standards Act provides hourly  employees with access to accommodations while providing for certain  industry and job specific exemptions. This approach includes special  protections to include the smallest of farms, which are not  proportionally impacted by regulatory mandates such as the one we are  debating today.  [[Page H5808]]    The mandate in H.R. 3110 would impose the same requirements on all  143 million employees covered under the FLSA. This would impose  substantial compliance challenges and introduce safety concerns based  on the nature of business operations in certain settings. For example,  this would fail to account for the unique working conditions found in  the aviation industry.   H.R. 3110 requires that airline employees, who are currently exempt  from FLSA breastfeeding accommodation requirements, have access to a  space for pumping breast milk. This is despite the fact that aircraft  designs are regulated by the FAA for safety and reliability purposes  with limited ability to add additional private spaces.   Modification of aircraft space would be prohibitively expensive and  require the removal of airline seats. This requirement is even more  challenging for smaller planes with fewer passenger seats that service  regional airports.   Additionally, pilot and flight attendant duties are heavily regulated  by the FAA with few redundancies in duties among staff, complicating  the ability of aviation businesses to maintain appropriate staffing  levels and access to services when faced with inflexible government- mandated breaks.   Democrats acknowledged this problem in their manager's amendment to  H.R. 3110 but failed to mitigate the negative impacts the bill would  have on critical passenger safety and security functions, both on the  ground and during flight.   Because workplaces are not one-size-fits-all, it is critical that any  legislation in this area preserves flexibility for airline, shipping,  and small farm employers to work with their employees to develop best  practices in meeting individual workplace needs.   Sweeping and overly prescriptive requirements that do not adequately  address both the workplace environment and workplace needs will not  lead to the best results for working mothers.   Nursing mother accommodations should be encouraged, and the ongoing  efforts of businessowners to ensure access for their workers are to be  applauded and supported.   I am going to offer this motion to recommit to ensure certain  businesses have the flexibility to be able to develop nursing  accommodations that meet the needs of their employees while accounting  for unique working environments.   Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption of this motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   