 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Scarlett's  Sunshine on Sudden Unexpected Death Act.   I thank Chairman Pallone, Ranking Member Walden, Subcommittee  Chairwoman Eshoo, Subcommittee Ranking Member Dr. Burgess,  Congresswoman Kuster, Congressman Tom Cole, Congresswoman Jamie Herrera  Beutler, Congressman Josh Gottheimer and so many others who have heard  the cries of hurting families that have experienced the tragic death of  a child, often unexpected and without explanation.   I want to thank the advocates, like John Kahan, Judy Rainey,  Stephanie Zarecky, Shelia Murphy, who have worked hard to help get this  bill to the floor.   This bill is named after one of those children--Scarlett Lillian  Pauley, Stephanie's daughter--who left this earth too soon. It is also  a story about her family--her mom and her dad (and now her little  sister) who took their personal pain and used it to begin to advocate  to help prevent other families from having to go through what they did.   January 8, 2017 is a day that Scarlett's family will never forget. To  this day, her family does not know what took Scarlett from them. But I  hope that September 21, 2020 is also a day they or other families that  have gone through this gut-wrenching experience will never forget. It's  the day when this House stepped up to the plate to help ensure that  their pain and loss was not in vain.   The statistics tell us that thousands of families experienced the  unexpected death of an infant or child each year, with SIDS just one in  this category. But we must never forget that this is not just about  statistics.   It's about the real families, the real tears that have been shed, the  real frustration when they can't get an answer for why even years after  the death, and the real fear that lives with them.   I remember sitting down with Scarlett's mom, Stephanie, earlier this  year after she had the privilege of sharing her story before the Energy  and Commerce Health subcommittee. She and her husband have a little  girl--I think she is 18 months or so--and I asked her if she still  lived in fear that the same thing would happen again--and the answer  was yes.   So today, we honor Scarlett and the others who lost their lives way  too soon by passing this bill to strengthen existing programs to help  get answers. To improve training so that these deaths are investigated  thoroughly and uniformly across the country. Without knowing why, we  can't act to stop these deaths.   I thank everyone who worked to help get us to this day and I urge my  colleagues to vote Yes on this bill.   