 Madam Speaker, St. Louis and I rise today in support of the  en bloc amendment to H.R. 1, the For the People Act.   Our country's unhoused community members are criminalized,  disregarded, and demonized. I have been unhoused and, in those bleak  days, I felt as though my own government had forsaken me.   My amendment to expand voting access to our unhoused community is  rooted in love, a love that says you do not need an address for your  vote to matter.   We must ensure our unhoused community members and our neighbors are  protected from States that want to suppress their votes.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, St. Louis and I rise to offer an amendment  to H.R. 1, the For the People Act, which would restore the right to  vote to our community members serving sentences for felony convictions.   I want to extend my deepest gratitude to Congressman Jones for this  partnership.   Madam Speaker, America does not love all of its people, and we see  that. Right now, more than 5 million people are legally barred from  participating in our elections as a result of criminal laws. That is, 1  in 44 Americans, 500,000 Latinx Americans, 1.2 million women, and 1 in  6 Black folks.   Madam Speaker, this cannot continue. Disenfranchising our own  citizens, it is not justice.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Lofgren).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Jones).    Madam Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining.    Madam Speaker, let me just say, currently, Vermont, Maine,  the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico allow for  individuals to vote who are incarcerated, just to be clear.   Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Michigan  (Ms. Tlaib).    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Bowman).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I thank my colleagues, Representative Sarbanes and Representative  Lofgren, for their leadership on this bill.   Madam Speaker, just to put it out there as a reminder, we are talking  about actual people. We are talking about humanity. We are talking  about access. We are talking about the right to vote. These are people.  I urge a ``yes'' vote.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   