 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Scanlon for granting  me the time and Chairman Pallone and particularly Congresswoman Dingell  for their leadership on PFAS issues.   I rise today in support of H.R. 535, the PFAS Action Act of 2019.  This bipartisan bill will take much-needed and long-overdue action on  these harmful forever chemicals.   These pervasive and dangerous chemicals pose serious risks to both  human health and to our environment, and the delay in taking action on  them has been inexcusable. They are known hormone disruptors, and  studies link the exposure to them to kidney and testicular cancer, to  thyroid disease and other health problems.   PFAS chemicals are concentrated in human and animal blood and tissue,  and they can remain there for years. It is estimated that 99 percent of  all Americans have PFAS in their blood.   In my home State of Maine, PFAS was first discovered in the  groundwater at a former military installation due to the use of fire  foam containing PFAS. But PFAS contamination has been found in our  public water supply, in soil, in agriculture, and in animal products.   Once in the environment, PFAS will never break down. That is why they  are called forever chemicals, so cleanup is essential to protect people  in our environment.   Companies and regulators have known about the risks of products like  Teflon, Scotchgard, and, yes, Gore-Tex for decades but have failed to  take action to protect or inform the American people. The Department of  Defense has repeatedly refused to clean up PFAS contamination at  military sites across the Nation.   Because the Environmental Protection Agency has dragged its feet, we  have no enforceable standards for PFAS levels in our drinking water,  leaving communities without the information or the funding to protect  our citizens, and there has been no action to fund cleanup because  there was no requirement to clean up these dangerous chemicals. It is  truly time to act.   Some of the things that the PFAS Action Act will do:   It will finally designate PFAS as a hazardous chemical, thereby  ensuring PFAS contamination is cleaned up and polluters pay for their  actions;   It will require the EPA to develop national drinking water  regulations to test and monitor levels of PFAS in our public drinking  supplies; and   It will add two types of forever chemicals to the EPA's Toxic Release  Inventory so we will finally know who is releasing them into our water,  soil, and air, and we can hold them accountable.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in taking action for the  health of our communities and our environment and to vote ``yes'' on  the rule and ``yes'' on the final bill.   