 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today and soon on the floor my  good friend Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri will be here as well to talk  about an issue that we both care very, very passionately about. In  fact, on October 31, 2013, which I guess it is amazing how time flies,  but in 2013, Senator Blunt and I stood here on the Senate floor  together to mark a very important anniversary. It was 50 years to the  day after President Kennedy signed into law the Community Mental Health  Act--50 years to the day. And, tragically, it was the last piece of  legislation he ever signed, and it was one of the most important.   The Community Mental Health Act was groundbreaking; its goal, to  provide full funding for comprehensive mental health services in the  community. How important. Unfortunately, that has yet to fully happen.  Instead, behavioral health is funded primarily through grants that  start and then the grant stops. You would never say to someone who is  having a heart attack: We would love to help you, but we are so sorry  the grant ran out. Can you  [[Page S4613]]  come back in 6 months? And yet that is what we say to people with  mental illness or a substance abuse disorder. Every day, multiple times  a day, that is what people hear.   These people who need help aren't abstractions, they are our moms and  dads and brothers and sisters and sons and daughters and friends and,  in fact, us. I am so grateful to Members who have shared their own  mental health stories; that includes my friend, Senator Tina Smith, who  bravely shared her own struggle with depression that so, so many of us  have had throughout our lives.   We know that with the right support, people who live with some kind  of a mental health challenge can thrive. They do. I have often told the  story of growing up in Clare, MI, a little rural town, where my dad had  struggles and was misdiagnosed for years and finally, finally, finally,  correctly diagnosed as being bipolar and getting the support and help  with medication he needed, and he was able to thrive after that. And  that is what I want to have for every person in Michigan, every family  in Michigan, every family across the country.   Unfortunately, far too many people still struggle to get the support  that they need. We certainly have seen that during the COVID-19  pandemic, and it has gotten much, much worse, unfortunately, with  everything everybody has had to go through.   One CDC report found that last June, twice as many people as usual  said they were experiencing symptoms of anxiety and depression--not  surprising--and 11 percent of Americans have reported having serious  thoughts of suicide in the past 30 days--in the past 30 days. And,  tragically, 200 Americans are dying every day due to opioid overdoses,  according to the CDC. And that is up 34 percent since the pandemic  started--34 percent. Clearly, we need to do more to get people the  mental health care and the substance abuse treatment that they need and  that they deserve.   The good news is, we are well on our way to ensuring that healthcare  above the neck will be treated like healthcare below the neck. This is  an effort that Senator Blunt and I have now been working on since that  day we came to the floor in 2013. We are well on the way to finally  seeing President Kennedy's vision become a reality.   Not long ago, Senator Blunt and I, as I mentioned before, after that  floor speech, introduced something called the Excellence in Mental  Health Act. It was signed into law in 2014. It created certified  community behavioral health clinics, which are funded just like  federally qualified health centers. You have high standards, the clinic  meets the standards, and then they get fully funded through the  healthcare system.   It requires these clinics to provide a comprehensive set of services  to everyone who walks through the door, including 24/7, 365 days a year  crisis services, outpatient mental health and substance abuse  treatment, and immediate screenings, risk assessments, and diagnosis.  And just as important, it requires care coordination, including  partnerships with emergency rooms and law enforcement and veterans  organizations.   Ten States, including Missouri and Michigan, have been selected for  full participation in the program. And startup grants have been  extended now to a number of clinics across the country--40 States, plus  the District of Columbia, 300 community clinics being funded to get  things started so far, and we have more coming because of the American  Rescue Plan. These clinics are already making a huge difference.   We just had a hearing in the Finance Committee this week from those  speaking strongly about this model, this being the model for care in  the community. Just as community health centers are the model of care  for physical healthcare, certified community behavioral health clinics  are now the model for mental health and addiction services.    More than half of these clinics provide same-day services. Now, that  may not seem like much, but the truth of the matter is--and this has  been true for years in Michigan because of lack of funding--they only  are able to help people with the most severe problems. So if you want  to walk in and connect with somebody and express a concern, you are  probably not going to get any services--certainly, not that day--under  the old system. Now, more than half of these clinics provide same-day  services. Nearly all of them offer treatment within a week. Think about  someone with a substance abuse issue, as well as a mental illness. Time  is everything. And if someone is reaching out for help, they need to  get that help right away.   Ninety-five percent of these clinics have been engaged in one or more  innovative practices with law enforcement. It has actually been  incredible to hear what is being done with local law enforcement. So  when the police officers are called to the scene, and it is clearly an  issue that may involve mental illness or substance abuse, they are able  to immediately connect up with those who can provide those services  instead of having to take somebody to jail when they shouldn't be in  jail. And we know that many, many people in many cases around the  country, the majority of people who are in the jail are people who  actually need mental health help or substance abuse help. And so there  is wonderful collaboration now through these clinics going on.   Statistics from the Department of Health and Human Services show that  people who have received services at clinics--it is amazing numbers. I  will just mention three: sixty-three percent fewer emergency rooms  visits. I have heard from so many police officers talking about they  are called to the scene, they take someone into custody who really just  needs help, and then they go to the emergency rooms or other services,  and the officer, then, sits there all day or longer with them or family  members waiting, waiting, waiting because there are not the services  that they need. So with the certified behavioral health centers, we  have 63 percent fewer visits to emergency rooms for people who have a  substance abuse problem or mental illness.   Sixty percent less time in jail. We are debating a lot these days  about the role of law enforcement and more calls, as we definitely  need, to have support services in the community. Through the work of  certified community behavioral health clinics in the communities where  they exist, there has been a 60-percent reduction in folks going to  jail. Instead, they are getting the help they need.   And we have seen almost a 41-percent decrease in homelessness-- another major way that people end up on the street or in a shelter when  what they need is help.   Currently, about 1.5 million people are accessing these services, and  it is a start. We did it originally as a demonstration to show that  this could actually work and make a significant difference and actually  save community resources, in addiction to providing people the help  that they need and deserve. But we need to do more, and that is why we  are speaking today.   President Kennedy believed that these services should be available to  everyone who needs them, and Senator Blunt and I agree. That is why  this week we introduced our Excellence in Mental Health and Addiction  Treatment Act of 2021. This legislation will expand these high-quality  mental health and addiction treatment services across the country. This  is the next step for States and communities across the country to be  able to have the healthcare funding to provide high-quality services  that we know work.   This is going to give every State the opportunity to create certified  community behavioral health clinics in their communities. Just imagine  what that could mean for a veteran who is living with post-traumatic  stress or a young mom who recently had a baby and is struggling with  postpartum depression or a college student who is working to overcome  his substance use disorder, stay in school, and earn a degree but just  needs some help and support to be able to make that happen.   Right now, only about 11 percent of people with substance use  disorders get help in any given year. Think about that, 11 percent;  about 11 percent of those struggling with an addiction are able to get  help in any given year. Well, Senator Blunt and I aren't going to stop  until 100 percent of people with substance abuse disorders and other  mental illnesses are able to access the care that they need to thrive.   This is really an important moment because we, over the last several  years, have designed working with various administrations now, designed  quality  [[Page S4614]]  standards. We have demonstrated that providing these services makes a  difference. We have strong support from law enforcement. We have strong  support from the healthcare community, from the mental health and  substance abuse community in a broad way.   It is exciting to see this be something that really is bipartisan. I  am so thrilled we have colleagues on both sides of the aisle who are  supporting this effort signing on. We have more people signing on every  day. That is because we believe in these clinics. We believe in the  services and this way of providing services. We have seen it for  ourselves, how it can change people's lives and give people the  opportunity to be able to thrive.   When we introduced our original legislation, I spoke with Malkia  Newman, whom I have known for many years. She lived for over 30 years  with undiagnosed and untreated bipolar disorder. She finally got the  treatment she needed through the community mental health system. And  what she has done is truly amazing. We had Malkia come and speak as a  witness for our healthcare subcommittee hearing in Finance that Senator  Daines and I did a few weeks ago, and she was amazing.   Malkia is team supervisor for the CNS Healthcare Anti-Stigma Program  in Waterford, MI. She is a peer educator. She is developing and leading  programming in Michigan and sharing her expertise all across the  country. She is an ordained minister, and she is a board member of the  Oakland Community Health Network, where she has served several terms as  board chair and vice chair.   Last month, when she testified at our Senate Finance Health  Subcommittee hearing, she said: I am living proof. I am living proof. I  am an advocate, and I am proud to speak on behalf of those who have not  yet found their voice.   Malkia found her voice. It is time to make sure that everyone in our  communities has the support they need to do the same.   I am looking forward to working with my friend Senator Blunt and all  of our colleagues who have already signed on as original cosponsors,  and we welcome everyone in this body to join us in moving forward  legislation that we have demonstrated makes a difference--saving money,  saving lives. It is now time to make these services available across  the country.   I yield the floor.    I just wanted to let my friend Senator Blunt, whom I  have been talking about now on the floor--I just wanted to say, with  him here--and I knew he was going to be here shortly, but I just want  to say again what a real pleasure and honor it has been to partner with  my friend Senator Blunt in this really major movement to transform the  way we fund community mental health and addiction services.   And our Presiding Officer has also been a leader in this. I want to  thank her for that as well. But I just want to thank my partner, as I  was indicating before we came down, on the 50th anniversary of  President Kennedy's signing his last bill.   And I am pleased we have been able to pick up the torch, and we are  going to get it over the finish line and make sure these wonderful  services are available across the country.   