 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and the ranking member,  who have shown a true willingness to address the impact climate change  has had on our oceans; and to Congresswoman Bonamici and Congressman  Young for their leadership on ocean and climate issues.   I rise today in support of the gentlewoman's bill, H.R. 1447, the  Coastal and Ocean Acidification Stressors and Threats Research Act, a  bipartisan bill that would expand scientific research and monitoring to  improve our understanding of ocean acidification.   Our oceans absorb enormous amounts of carbon dioxide each year. That  process is critical for regulating the amount of greenhouse gases in  our atmosphere, but this comes at a high cost for oceans and dependent  marine life.   Coastal communities produce about 40 percent of our Nation's total  jobs and 45 percent of our gross domestic product. Given those  significant numbers, the financial implications will ripple across all  American communities if this problem continues to intensify.   We are already experiencing these impacts in my home State of Maine.  The Gulf of Maine is warming faster than 99 percent of the world's  oceans, and it is particularly susceptible to the effects of ocean  acidification.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, my State is renowned for its lobster and  shellfish, so you can imagine we take this threat seriously. Bill Mook,  an oyster farmer on Maine's Damariscotta River, has explained to me how  he has adjusted his operations to mitigate for ocean acidification.  Bill and so many growers are worried about how future oyster production  will be affected when the problem outpaces the adaptations that can be  made.   I support the COAST Research Act because it would strengthen  investments in ocean acidification research and monitoring, increase  our understanding of the socioeconomic effects of ocean acidification,  and more.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1447.  It is critical that we act to protect our oceans and our coastal  communities so they are here for future generations.   