 Madam Speaker, I thank the chair of our committee, and I  rise in support of this legislation that is so important for the next  generation of Americans, H.R. 2339.   Very sadly, there has been a reversal of our country's great progress  on tobacco use, and it is because of flavored products and a tobacco  industry that preys on our Nation's youth.   From 2017 to 2019 e-cigarette use more than doubled among high school  students and more than tripled among middle schoolers--even younger.  These are kids. They are not even young adults yet. By 2019, last year,  5.3 million middle and high school students were current users, already  using some type of tobacco product or e-cigarettes.   Over 80 percent of kids who have used tobacco started with a flavored  product. That is the hook. According to the surgeon general, they begin  using and become addicted to these products because e-cigarette  manufacturers have targeted extensive advertising campaigns to kids and  to young adults. So this didn't just come out of the ether. This is  very purposeful. It is directed, and it is targeted to middle schoolers  and high schoolers.   Last year Congress raised the legal age to purchase tobacco to 21,  but in January the President walked back his promise to address the  youth tobacco epidemic by taking only some flavored e-cigarette  products off the market. But as we heard from witnesses during our  subcommittee hearing last October, those actions are not enough.   The single most important action to reduce youth e-cigarette use is  to crack down on the flavors because that is what addicts our kids. If  any flavored products are still available, kids are going to find a way  to get them. All flavors must be removed from the market including  menthol, because this, again, is what hooks kids on smoking, and this  legislation addresses that.   We also have to address how tobacco companies target their  advertisements to our kids. This bill ensures that e-cigarettes have  the same strict marketing prohibitions as other tobacco products.    Madam Speaker, I think it is eminently clear that Congress  must pass strong legislation to reduce the attractiveness and  availability of flavored tobacco products to adolescents and teens to  save this generation  [[Page H1268]]  from lifetime addiction. There are costs to addiction, and our  healthcare system has to absorb that.   So why not prevent it and stop it in its tracks today?   That is why I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 2339 to accomplish  all of this.   