 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Cicilline for  organizing this Special Order tonight. It is so important.   Madam Speaker, today, I rise on behalf of the millions of LGBTQ-plus  Americans who, in 2021, are still fighting for equality in our country.   This year is already record-breaking for anti-trans legislation.  Right now, a trans teenager in America is growing up in a country where  there are 33 States that have introduced more than 100 bills that aim  to curb their rights. The bills are not grounded in science. The bills  are not grounded in fact. The lawmakers who have introduced them can't  even cite examples of any problem they are designed to solve.   To put it simply, these bills are grounded in hate, and they are not  only hateful but demoralizing and frustrating and agonizing,  demoralizing to a population of our country that already suffers from  high rates of depression, bullying, and suicide.   In the United States, the lifetime depression rate for the general  population is roughly 16.6 percent. For America's transgender women, it  is 62 percent. Let that sink in.   As a mother of a transgender daughter, I know firsthand how much this  weighs on all of our brothers and sisters.   Young LGBTQ-plus Americans need somewhere to turn to for help because  most of them don't have someone to turn to. That is true.   In Illinois, we have a 24/7 youth hotline that supports students in  crisis and engages trusted adults in their community. Bullying and  threats of suicide are the two most common reports through the line.  This resource has saved countless lives in Illinois.   But not every State has one of these. That is why I will be  introducing legislation to support States' youth mental health and  safety helplines and to help States develop these resources if they  don't yet have one.   These resources are particularly critical for young Americans who are  at a higher risk for bullying and suicide, such as those who belong to  the LGBTQ-plus community.   While I continue to urge the Senate to pass the Equality Act, I also  want to urge this entire body to work together so we can do more to  support our LGBTQ-plus Americans.   