 Mr. President, I thank the gentleman from Utah.   I wish to address the subject of the President's overreaching vaccine  mandates. First, we all recognize the devastation caused by the COVID- 19 pandemic spread from Wuhan, China, throughout the world. This virus  has taken too many lives: more than 4.7 million around the globe and  over 686,000 here in the United States. Each death is a tragedy. My  heart goes out to the families who have lost loved ones and suffered  from this terrible disease.   Many of those families in Wyoming have reached out to me. I have  heard from thousands of constituents concerned about the vaccine, pro  and con, but mostly about confusing guidance and particularly about  masking--most notably in our schools.   Our response to this pandemic should have been unifying, but,  instead, it has sown discord and distrust across our country, and that  discord is exacerbated by the Federal Government's extreme overreach.   I want to be clear. I support individuals getting the COVID vaccine.  I am vaccinated. I got vaccinated to protect myself because I have no  natural immunity. I haven't had COVID. I have no underlying health  concerns. I was not advised by a physician not to get it. It made sense  for me making that decision for myself.   Scientists have been researching and working for decades to make the  emergency treatments that we have all had access to in 2021 available  to us. However, I do not support the government mandating--mandating-- matters that come between a patient and their conscience, a patient and  their healthcare provider, a patient and their own care decisions.    And the recent mandates from the Biden administration do just that. I  believe they are far-reaching and burdensome, as do my constituents,  including those who have been vaccinated. They will not achieve the  desired result. They will not convince millions of Americans on the  fence about the vaccine to suddenly get it. They cause people to dig  in. They further politicize  [[Page S7442]]  our healthcare system. They compound our unemployment problems.   Don't take my word for it. Look at the Federal Government itself.  Even unions are opposed to a vaccine mandate, with the American Postal  Workers Union, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, and  the American Federation of Teachers coming out in opposition not to the  vaccine but to the mandate.   The pandemic does not make the Constitution irrelevant or put our  rights as private citizens up for discussion. We are a nation of  liberties, not mandates. We respect individuals.   That is why I am cosponsoring several different bills that would  protect our citizens from this overreach. One bill, S. 2849, clarifies  that Federal Agencies do not have the power to mandate COVID-19  vaccines. While this should be self-evident, sadly, many in Washington,  DC, have forgotten about America's founding principles.   Another bill, S. 2843, blocks Federal Agencies from fining anyone who  violates the COVID-19 mandates.   Further, the bill that Senator Lee is offering today, S. 2851, audits  COVID funding so the American people know where their tax dollars went  over the past year and a half, so we can evaluate what has worked and  what has not, as Senator Lee has said.   The Biden administration should work to bring us together, not drive  us further apart through politicized Executive actions. No matter what  President Biden decides to do, an individual's right to be in charge of  their own healthcare is sacrosanct, and I believe Senator Lee's bills  are a step in the right direction.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   