 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4256, the  Investing in Main Street Act, which would make a simple, commonsense  change to small business investing laws to ensure that SBA-certified  Small Business Investment Companies, or SBICs, can take full advantage  of capital available from banks and Federal savings associations.   Even though banking rules allow financial institutions to invest up  to 15 percent of their capital and surplus in SBICs, small business  investing rules cap these same investments far lower, at just 5 percent  of capital and surplus. The Investing in Main Street Act amends this  outdated law to ensure that banks can invest the full 15 percent in  SBICs, a simple change that will dramatically increase the amount of  investment capital available to our country's small businesses.   By raising this cap, this legislation will deliver more investments  and more financing to our small businesses for whom even small  investments can mean so much. Already, SBICs have helped companies like  Tesla, Apple, and Intel get off the ground back when they were just  starting out.   SBICs fill a gap in the investment ecosystem and level the playing  field by providing equity investments and financing opportunities to  the smallest businesses which face the highest barriers to secure  investments from traditional, private investors.   The nearly 300 certified SBICs in operation today have invested or  committed $32 billion in small businesses nationwide. Last year, in my  State of California alone, SBICs made nearly 300 financings, totaling  over $670 million. By raising the investment cap from 5 to 15 percent,  we could potentially triple those investments in the years to come.  That growth will be so important as our country continues to recover  and rebound from the COVID pandemic.    America's small businesses have endured one of the most challenging  periods in our country's history, and now is the time to help them  rebuild and grow.   I want to thank Representative Garbarino for his partnership on this  legislation, and Chairwoman Velazquez and Ranking Member Luetkemeyer  for their strong support. I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bill.   