 Madam President.    Reserving the right to object. As my esteemed colleague  from Tennessee is aware, and as we are all aware, the Senate operates  under unanimous consent, reserving the right and the prerogative of any  one Senator to object to moving forward when consent is not present.  [[Page S6044]]    Now, as the Senator from Tennessee made clear yesterday in his  remarks on the floor, he has declined to provide unanimous consent for  a time agreement moving forward in this postcloture time period. I am  sure it will then come as no surprise to him that there are Senators on  both sides of the aisle who object to unanimous consent on one or more  of the amendments listed in his proposed list today. I am sure that he  offers the same level of respect to those Senators, in denying their  unanimous consent, as has been offered to him as well.    Now, I am proud to report that, throughout this bipartisan process,  we have produced, over the course of a number of months, a piece of  legislation drafted entirely by the independent and bipartisan Members  who have worked together over this number of months. We have introduced  the legislation, and we have had robust debate and, I am proud to say,  the consideration of 22 amendments on this bipartisan bill. It has been  an open and welcoming process.   As we are currently in the postcloture debate time, again, as I have  mentioned, it requires unanimous consent to both move forward with all  of the amendments or any of the amendments as well as a time agreement.  And, as we have seen today, we do not have unanimous consent on either  a time agreement or on moving forward on amendments, and, therefore, I  propose that we continue moving forward under regular order.   And, with that, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I first  would like to associate myself with the comments just uttered by the  senior Senator from Iowa. I think many of us are frustrated that we  have been sitting around together for quite some time without moving  forward. But, as I remarked earlier today, the U.S. Senate is a body  that requires the unanimous consent of every single Senator, and each  Senator has the right to withhold his objection or consent to any  process moving forward.   Over the last day and a half, we have seen a lack of willingness to  collaborate, to come together to find unanimous consent to move forward  on both the consideration of a number of amendments, including those  offered today, and a time agreement. It is not because there weren't  many people who were willing to do so. In fact, most of the Members of  this body were interested in finding such an agreement. But it is the  right of each and every Senator and the privilege of each and every  Senator to withhold that consent if he so chooses, and that is the  situation we find ourselves in today.   So, Madam President and others, I would recommend that just in 1  hour, we will see this postcloture time expire, and we will move  forward under regular order to finish consideration of this broad  bipartisan piece of legislation. And I do want to take a moment to  commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, the 22 Democrats and  Republicans who worked together over the last several months with their  colleagues on both sides of aisle to consider a historic 22 amendments  to this  [[Page S6053]]  legislation to ensure that a broad and bipartisan discussion was held,  and I look forward to a swift and positive resolution by passing this  legislation.   With that, I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw Carper  amendment No. 2633.    Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable  sections of that act and any other applicable budget points of order  for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays.   