 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Chair Himes, for  yielding, and I thank him for bringing the committee to Lorain, Ohio.   Madam Speaker, I rise tonight to offer my strong support for pending  new investments in our workers, our families, and our communities.   As was highlighted during the hearing in Lorain, our region has been  battered by an economy that rewards the 1 percent and billionaire  investors at the expense of workers of the middle class. Thankfully,  right now in northern Ohio we are seeing the possibility of restoring  new hope and new opportunity not just for billionaires but for workers.  The parents and grandparents of nearly 150,000 children from working  families and struggling households in our district are seeing their  taxes cut through the child tax credit.   Unlike the trillion-dollar giveaway aimed at the wealthiest and  transnational corporations that outsource jobs to penny-wage nations,  our hardworking families are seeing their tax dollars returned directly  to them.   Looking at how working mothers struggle, a recent study from the  United Way of Greater Toledo shows that more than one-third workers are  not eligible for paid maternity leave. In the richest nation on Earth,  our workers should have access to paid family leave that is available  elsewhere on the globe. This is what we are working to deliver.   Further, significant new investments in physical infrastructure will  create living wage jobs and help level the playing field as America  creates new wealth beginning right where we live by rebuilding our  roads, bridges, ports, and investing in renewable energies like  hydrogen and electric vehicles to spur a real revival of our industrial  heartland.   It is time to deal in workers and their families by rewarding hard  work, not just capital. It is time to deliver for the families in  Toledo, Sandusky, Lorain, and Cleveland. Investments in our workers,  families, and communities will help restore faith that hard work  matters. It will rebuild the middle class and provide a path to fully  realize the American Dream.   