 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to one of my  personal heroes, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She spent her life in  service to the American people, quite literally. Whether the Supreme  Court was hearing arguments about civil rights, reproductive rights for  women, protecting our environment, our precious water and air, or  standing up for our workers, Justice Ginsburg could be counted on to  put the needs of the American people first every time.   She may not have looked like much of a fighter, but this tiny Jewish  grandmother in the lace collar punched far above her weight. The  American people were so fortunate to have her on their side of the  ring. I feel fortunate as a woman in America. My daughter and my  granddaughters, too, have known she was there over and over again,  fighting for us   That certainly was the case on healthcare. I have said over and over  again on the floor of the Senate that healthcare isn't political; it is  personal for each one of us. It is personal. Justice Ginsburg  understood that in her bones. As a person who had experienced her own  health challenges and health challenges in her family, she knew that  when a beloved spouse is diagnosed with cancer or a child with a fever  needs to go to the emergency room, politics is the last thing on their  minds.  [[Page S5819]]    When people tell me their healthcare stories, they don't start by  telling me whether they are a Democrat or a Republican. That is because  when it comes to healthcare and the health of our families, it simply  doesn't matter.   People in Michigan just want to know that if they or their loved ones  get sick or are hurt, they are going to be able to take them to the  doctor and get the healthcare they need. Unfortunately, with the loss  of Justice Ginsburg, Michigan families and families all across the  country have an extra reason to be very concerned right now.   One week after the election--just 1 week after the election--the  Supreme Court will hear arguments in the case that could overturn the  Affordable Care Act, overturn everything, all of the protections-- including, of course, the preexisting conditions coverage--all of it.  By the way, the President of the United States, Donald Trump, has  weighed in and is in favor of having that happen.   Everything is at stake, including coverage for 17 million people  through the expansion of Medicaid, where minimum-wage workers right now  in States like Michigan that have expanded Medicaid no longer have to  pick between minimum-wage jobs and not working and having healthcare.  It is so important.   Also at stake is the ability for children to remain on their parents'  health plans until age 26, which has transformed so many families'  opportunities and young people's opportunities, and coverage for  preventive services like cancer screening and maternity care.   Prior to the Affordable Care Act, you had to get extra coverage for  maternity care. It wasn't viewed as basic. It was basic for me when I  was having my children, and for women across the country, it is pretty  basic. It wasn't viewed as basic, essential care. It now is under the  Affordable Care Act.   Also at risk are mental health care and treatment for substance use  disorders, lower prescription drug prices for seniors, and protections  for people with preexisting conditions.   It is estimated that about half of Michigan families include someone  with a preexisting condition, everything from heart disease to asthma,  to high blood pressure, to cancer. Nationwide, we are talking about 130  million people. How many more people now, after COVID-19, will have a  preexisting condition?   In other words, what happens in the next few months--what happens in  terms of filling another Supreme Court vacancy, as well as what happens  in the election--could have life-or-death consequences for Michigan  families and families across the country.   In case anyone has forgotten, we are in the middle of a once-in-a- lifetime pandemic. More than 200,000 Americans have already lost their  lives, and unfortunately that number is going up every single day. In  my own State, nearly 7,000 people have lost their lives--7,000 moms and  dads, grandmas and grandpas, brothers and sisters, children and  friends. Even though some have survived COVID-19, they may be left with  long-term health issues, from heart damage to breathing difficulties,  to neurological problems, which, as I said before, creates preexisting  conditions.   This is not the time to be ripping healthcare away from American  families. There is never a good time but certainly not now. Yet that is  exactly the scenario we could be facing.   As Justice Ginsburg said, ``Health care is not like a vegetable or  other items one is at liberty to buy or not to buy.'' When a Michigan  single mom discovers a lump and finds out that she has breast cancer,  she can't just hope it will go away. When a Michigan senior with  diabetes needs insulin, he can't just wait for a big sale and stock up  when the price is right. When a child spikes a high fever in the middle  of the night, her parents can't just tell her: Well, you know, the  money is tight right now, so you are going to have to wait to see a  doctor. That is the horror for all of us as parents, that our child  will get sick and we won't be able to take them to the doctor.   Healthcare isn't political; it is personal. It isn't about policy; it  is about people--people. It is about the people in our States who sent  us here to fight on their behalf.   I sincerely hope that by the time the Senate votes on the next  Supreme Court Justice--if, unfortunately, it comes before the people  have their say about who should be making that nomination and  confirming that appointment--if that is going to be rushed through,  jammed through by this Senate, I hope there will be four U.S. Senators  on the other side of the aisle who will have the courage to stand up  for the people who need healthcare--and, frankly, that is all of us.    One thing I do know for sure is that the American people are  courageous. Time and again, they have called us and written letters and  have even come to DC to make their voices heard. From the amazing  Little Lobbyists to ALS warrior Ady Barkan, to my friend Lauren Kovach,  who fights so hard to find a cure for Alzheimer's disease and other  dementias, these folks would probably rather be spending their time  doing something else, but they understand that healthcare isn't a  luxury; it is a necessity.   This should not be political. It is personal to each and every one of  us. Again and again, people across the country have stepped up. They  have gotten engaged. They have put their passion to work protecting our  healthcare. Their voices and the voices of millions of Americans have  made the difference in this Chamber to the majority in this Chamber-- saying no to repealing the Affordable Care Act and ripping healthcare  away from millions of Americans. That only happened because people  stood up and made their voices known and were actively engaged in  saying what was important to them and their families.   It is easy to throw up our hands and give in and let the sadness and  feelings of loss for Justice Ginsburg and all of the frustrations and  chaos and the suffering take over all of us, but RBG would never let  that happen. If she were here right now, she would say: No, no, no.  This is the moment to focus and engage and to fight even harder.   When, as a Harvard Law student, she was asked by the dean why she  felt entitled to take a slot that otherwise would have gone to a man,  she didn't let that faze her. When she struggled to land a job after  graduation, she took to teaching at Rutgers School of Law and hid her  second pregnancy under baggy clothes until her contract was renewed.  She later challenged the New Jersey law that forced pregnant teachers  to quit their jobs. When she was diagnosed with cancer for the first  time in 1999, she fought back and kept on fighting for more than 20  years.   It is time now for all of us to fight, all of us who care about our  freedoms and our very way of life in this country. It is time to fight  like our beloved RBG, like she did everyday of her life for us.   Justice Ginsburg once said this: ``Fight for the things that you care  about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you.'' I am  asking the American people right now to join us in this fight. This is  not a done deal. It is not over, and we all as Senators will be held  accountable for what we do.   Call your Senators, write emails and letters, talk to your friends  and neighbors, and let them know what is at stake--from healthcare and  reproductive rights for women to protecting our air and clean water, to  the capacity to be able to collectively bargain for wages and safety  and benefits, to voting rights and civil rights. We can go on and on.  It is all on the line right now. We need to step up and fight and not  assume anything is a done deal. We need to hold our Republican  colleagues accountable.   Don't let them get away with taking healthcare away from millions of  people. We did it before when we stopped the repeal of the Affordable  Care Act. I think we have to fight now to do the same thing and vote  like your life and the lives of your family depend on it, because they  actually do.    Justice Ginsburg dedicated her life to making our country more fair,  more free, and more just. Now is the time to continue her fight for our  future, for our children, and for our grandchildren.   I yield the floor.   