 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Several weeks ago, we learned that the President was considering, and  the Secretary of Defense was preparing for, the possibility of  deploying Active-Duty Forces under the authorities of the Insurrection  Act.   The Insurrection Act was not invoked in this case, but for many  Americans, it was the first time hearing of a law that was originally  drafted more than 200 years ago.   For many of our men and women in uniform, it was the first time since  taking the sacred oath to protect and defend that they imagined that  they might be deployed against their own fellow citizens, not against a  foreign adversary.   Many of us were troubled to watch as members of our National Guard  were deployed in the Washington, D.C., area as part of our response to  the recent protests.   In the Armed Services Committee markup and earlier today, we heard a  robust debate about this centuries-old authority, and that is healthy  for our democracy.   Personally, I believe these authorities have done some good in our  Nation's history. The Insurrection Act authorities were instrumental in  enforcement of civil rights laws when some States were resistant.   This amendment, my amendment, is very narrow in scope.   Currently, title X, section 253 of the U.S. Code reads: ``The  President, by using the militia or the Armed Forces, or both, or by any  other means, shall take such measures as he considers necessary to  suppress, in a State, any insurrection, domestic violence, unlawful  combination, or conspiracy. . . . `' And then it goes on, but it never  says what is meant by ``any other means.'' My amendment would say that  ``any other means'' is limited to Federal law enforcement officers who  are clearly identifiable by name and agency.   In the difficult scenario in which the Insurrection Act truly must be  invoked, we cannot afford uncertainty. Our military members are clearly  identifiable, and so must our law enforcement officers be as well.  Blurry lines and uncertainty harm everyone and put everyone at risk.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the engagement and support of my  colleague from Michigan (Mr. Mitchell). He is the proud father of a son  who is a police officer, and he has joined me in this effort after a  discussion of our mutual objectives during the Armed Services Committee  debate on this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would inquire how much time is  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Mitchell).    Mr. Speaker, I would inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Mitchell).    Mr. Speaker, it is clear that we need to take action on  the appropriate deployment of unmarked and unidentified law enforcement  personnel.   While this amendment is narrowly scoped to focus on a specific  scenario, the invocation of the Insurrection Act, I hope it helps to  drive a conversation about these questions more broadly.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   