 Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania for her leadership and my good friend from Oklahoma as  well.   My friend from Oklahoma may be, in fact, accurate to the extent that  the 25th Amendment stands on its own as actions that the Vice President  will take. But we are a coequal branch of government, and Mr. Raskin's  resolution is an appropriate resolution because we have a  responsibility to govern and to protect the American people.   So this resolution is not in violation of the Constitution, because  it is the Congress calling upon the Vice President to reflect on  January 6, a day in infamy, to reflect the fact that there were six  people who died, that we lost two precious law enforcement Capitol Hill  Police, their injuries in many ways attributable to this, some in  different ways than others, and we lost Americans.   Clearly, it is a long chain of events that goes back to the President  of the United States. The President, when a duly announced election  came about on November 6, 2020, proceeded to declare that it had been  stolen and continued to stoke the fires of his believers to begin to  plan some kind of attack, because he kept saying, ``Come to Washington.  I will see you there.''   Then, of course, as time went on, I valued the President's right to  the courts, of which he went, but he did not find that to be a solution  for him.   So House Resolution 21 is the Congress speaking, and we have every  right, as a coequal branch, to speak. Why?    We have that right, Mr. Speaker, because the FBI has  indicated that they have seen 100,000 digital media, and they will be  looking for more to see those who endangered all of those who were  here.   My appreciation to the police and the floor staff and law  enforcement, custodial staff, our staff, media, and others who were put  in harm's way along with Members.   So I rise to support this resolution because it does not violate the  Constitution or the intent of the 25th Amendment. It provides for the  Congress to speak to ask the Vice President to recognize that this  President is the only one who has ever stoked this kind of action.    Accountability comes before healing, but healing  should come.   If we look at the Constitution, we will clearly see that Mr. Raskin's  resolution fits the language: an inability to be able to discharge your  duties, to exercise the laws carefully.   Do you consider these words from the President of the United States  to insurrectionists and terrorists to ``walk down to the Capitol,''  says the President, telling them: ``If you don't fight like hell, you  are not going to have a country anymore.'' And that is the attack that  the domestic terrorists made on this place.   All we are asking of the Vice President, through this resolution, is  to reflect on that and to call upon the 25th Amendment to convene the  Cabinet, to begin the healing, because the President of the United  States is dangerous to the American people.   That is why we are on the floor today. We hope that he will have an  opportunity to reflect because the Constitution says in many places  that the actions of this President are dangerous.   People have died. We have lost two police officers. Others are in the  hospital. And yes, it was an insurrection. It is time to pass H. Res.  21.   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary  and on Homeland Security, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 21, a  resolution calling on Vice President Michael R. Pence to convene and  mobilize the principal officers of the executive departments of the  Cabinet to activate Section 4 of the 25th Amendment to declare  President Donald J. Trump incapable of executing the duties of his  office and to immediately exercise powers as acting President.   As a person who was in the House chamber, that day and witnessed the  terror, mayhem, and horror unleashed by the President's incitement of  insurrection and utter betrayal of his sacred oath, it is manifestly  evident that the President is clearly incapable, and certainly  unwilling, of exercising the duties of his office, which makes it  essential for Vice-President Pence to convene the principal officers of  the Executive Branch to invoke the 25th Amendment to the Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, the resolution recites a tale of abdication and  dereliction of duty by a President of the United States unseen in the  history of our country.   On Wednesday, January 6, 2021, the day prescribed by section 15 of  title 3, United States Code, for the counting of electoral votes,  Congress experienced a massive, violent invasion of the United States  Capitol and its complex by a dangerous insurrectionary mob, which  smashed windows and used violent, physical force and weapons to  overpower and outmaneuver the United States Capitol Police and  facilitated the illegal entry into the Capitol of hundreds, if not  thousands, of unauthorized persons (all of whom entered the Capitol  complex without going through metal detectors and other security  screening devices).   This insurrectionary mob threatened the safety and lives of the Vice  President, the Speaker of the House, and the President pro tempore of  the Senate, the first three individuals in the line of succession to  the presidency, as the rioters were recorded chanting ``Hang Mike  Pence'' and ``Where's Nancy'' when President Donald J. Trump tweeted to  his supporters that ``Mike Pence didn't have the courage to do what  should have been done to protect our country.'   The marauders attacked law enforcement officers, unleashed chaos and  terror among Members and staffers and their families, occupied the  Senate Chamber and Speaker Nancy Pelosi's office along with other  leadership offices, vandalized and pilfered government  [[Page H137]]  property, and succeeded in causing the unprecedented disruption of the  Electoral College count process for a 4-hour period in both the House  and the Senate, a dangerous and destabilizing impairment of the  peaceful transfer of power that these insurrectionary riots were  explicitly designed to cause.   At least five Americans have died as a result of injuries or traumas  suffered during this violent attack on Congress, including Capitol  Police Officer Brian D. Sicknick, and more than 50 police officers were  seriously injured, including 15 officers who had to be hospitalized by  these violent assaults.   There could easily have been hundreds more wounded and killed, a  sentiment captured by Senator Lindsey Graham, one of the President's  fiercest enablers, who observed that ``the mob could have blown the  building up. They could have killed us all.''   Mr. Speaker, these insurrectionary protests were widely advertised  and broadly encouraged by the current President, who repeatedly  disgraced his high office by exhorting his millions of followers on  Twitter and other social media outlets to come to Washington on January  6 to ``Stop the Steal'' of the 2020 Presidential election, promising  that the protest on the Electoral College counting day would be  ``wild.''   Although President-elect Joseph R. Biden decisively won the 2020  Presidential election with more than 81 million votes and defeated  President Trump 306-232 in the Electoral College, a margin pronounced  to be a ``landslide' by the current President Trump when he won by the  same Electoral College numbers in 2016, the current and temporary  occupant of the White House never accepted these election results as  legitimate and waged a protracted campaign of propaganda and coercive  pressure in the Federal and State courts, in the state legislatures,  with Secretaries of State, and in Congress to nullify and overturn  these results and replace them with imaginary and fabricated numbers to  maintain his continuance in office.   This culminated in the current President taking the stage at the  insurrection rally he held on the Ellipse Grounds on January 6, 2021 to  exhort the rioters and insurrectionists to ``walk down to the  Capitol,'' telling them ``if you don't fight like hell, you're not  going to have a country anymore.'   The President's putative lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, who possesses the  uncanny knack of surfacing to make things worse whenever the President  is acting to undermine American democracy, warned the mob to expect  ``trial by combat.''   While domestic terrorists occupied parts of the Capitol, the person  currently occupying the office of President of the United States,  ignored or rejected repeated real-time entreaties from the Speaker of  the House and the Democratic Leader of the U.S. Senate to appeal to his  followers to exit the Capitol.   Mr. Speaker, photographs, cell phone videos, social media posts, and  on-the-ground reporting show that numerous violent insurrectionists who  invaded the Capitol were armed, carrying police grade flex cuffs to  detain and handcuff people, used mace, pepper spray, and bear spray  against United States Capitol Police officers, erected gallows on  Capitol grounds to hang ``traitors,'' vehemently chanted ``Hang Mike  Pence'' while roaming the Capitol, emphasizing that storming the  Capitol was ``a revolution,'' and committed the unspeakable offense of  brandishing the Confederate battle flag inside the Capitol.   In all of this, Donald John Trump has demonstrated repeatedly,  continuously, and spectacularly his absolute inability to discharge the  most basic and fundamental powers and duties of his office, including  most recently the duty to respect the legitimate results of the  Presidential election and the duty to respect the peaceful transfer of  democratic power under the Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, Donald John Trump has acted in a manner contrary to his  trust as President and subversive of constitutional government, to the  great prejudice of the cause of law and justice, and to the manifest  injury of the people of the United States.   For the safety and security of the people of the United States and  the survival of our democracy, he must be removed from office.   For these reasons, I urge all Members to join me in voting for H.  Res. 21, calling upon the Vice-President to convene the Cabinet and to  invoke the 25th Amendment to the Constitution and assume the powers and  duties of the office as Acting President.   