 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 667, I call up  the bill (H.R. 5305) making continuing appropriations for the fiscal  year ending September 30, 2022, and for providing emergency assistance,  and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on the measure under consideration.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and I rise in support of the Extending Government Funding and  Delivering Emergency Assistance Act, which extends funding for Federal  programs and services through December 3.   With the COVID-19 pandemic still raging, amid many other serious  challenges, this bill provides tens of billions of dollars to support  the working middle-class families who live paycheck-to-paycheck. It  supports them through investments in education, health, housing, and  public safety programs, and it ensures that we can continue to help the  most vulnerable.   Through investments in our schools, high-quality job training  programs, and early childhood education, this bill will grow  opportunity and uplift hardworking American families. It will put food  on the table for those who are hungry and provide a roof over the head  for those who are unhoused. Finally, it will protect public health and  safeguard our consumers from dangerous products and unsafe food.   But let me be clear. This is not a long-term solution. It simply  allows additional time for bicameral, bipartisan negotiations on a  final year bill for fiscal year 2022. The House has advanced our  process, and we are ready to begin negotiations with the Senate as soon  as we complete work on this legislation.   As this bill provides critical support for our families and  communities it also addresses recent emergencies that require Federal  resources and incorporates feedback from Members on both sides of the  aisle. It provides emergency supplemental appropriations to respond to  the recent disasters caused by climate change and to address needs  created by the end of more than 20 years of war in Afghanistan.   The climate crisis gave us the devastation of Hurricane Ida and last  year's hurricanes, recent wildfires, severe droughts, extreme heat, and  winter storms. As a result, thousands of Americans across the United  States are still in great need of assistance and support. I am proud  that this bill provides $28.6 billion in desperately needed Federal  aid, including $7.5 billion for Hurricane Ida, so that survivors, small  businesses, and hard-hit communities can rebuild and put struggling  families back on their feet. We provide this relief to virtually all  corners of the Nation, because all corners of the Nation need our help.   As we respond to these disasters in the United States, we must  address humanitarian needs resulting from the end of the war in  Afghanistan. This bill delivers $6.3 billion for urgent humanitarian  assistance in the region and honors our commitment to our Afghan allies  and their families who are now in the United States. It provides  funding to support temporary housing, security screenings, and long- term resettlement of these Afghan evacuees. These people risked their  lives to serve our Nation, and it is our moral imperative to protect  them and to help them get back on their feet.   Finally, the legislation suspends the statutory debt limit through  December 2022.   Mr. Speaker, with this bill we are doing what is right: supporting  working families and this country.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the chairwoman of the Appropriations  Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Bishop), the chairman of the Appropriations  Subcommittee on Agriculture.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Lee), the chairwoman of the Appropriations  Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the chair of the Appropriations  Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related  Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of the House of Representatives.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Maine (Ms. Pingree), the chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee  on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New Jersey (Mrs. Watson Coleman), a Member of the Appropriations  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   