 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S1133]]     Madam President, I rise today to oppose my  colleagues' legislation that would limit women's healthcare choices.  These bills that are being introduced are part of a wave of efforts to  turn back the clock on women's healthcare.   In my home State of Nevada, with the only majority-women legislature  in the Nation, we are moving in the opposite direction. We have been  fighting to protect a woman's right to choose for decades. I am  inspired by women like Sue Wagner, the first woman elected as Nevada's  Lieutenant Governor, whose grit and leadership sparked a movement in  the 1990s to enshrine women's reproductive freedom in the State's  constitution.   Just this year, with women at the helm of the Nevada legislature, the  Trust Nevada Women Act was signed into law to remove undue burdens on  reproductive rights. Nevadans understand that reproductive rights are  part and parcel not just of women's health but of their economic  security. When women can't control whether and when they have children,  they are more likely to struggle financially. Eighty-three percent of  Nevadans are pro-choice, and I stand with them.   I am going to continue to fight for what the American people want:  comprehensive healthcare and reproductive justice. Bills to protect  women's health are what we should be voting on, like the bipartisan  legislation to cover preexisting conditions, to reduce prescription  drug prices, to prevent violence against women, and many more that are  languishing, unfortunately, on Leader McConnell's desk. That includes  pushing for meaningful legislation to protect mothers and babies at a  critical time in their lives, like the Healthy MOM Act to expand  healthcare coverage for pregnant and postpartum women.   Leader McConnell is more focused on passing an extreme political  agenda than on protecting women's health in Nevada and across this  country. You know, we really have to stop the assault on women's right  to choose and their reproductive healthcare. The rights of American  women to make their own health decisions should not be up for debate.  These are our fundamental rights, and they are worth fighting for and  protecting.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   