 Mr. President, with a one-party monopoly of Washington,  DC, Democrats are back to their old spending habits. Most of the $1.9  trillion within the Democrats' ``COVID'' package has absolutely nothing  to do with COVID.   Unlike the previous five pandemic relief bills that were approved  with overwhelming bipartisan support, Democrats have shown no interest  in working with Republicans and are instead fast-tracking this highly  partisan bill through Congress.   Now, the bulk of this budget-busting bill is devoted to fulfilling a  wish list of longtime liberal priorities, including billion-dollar  bailouts, progressive program expansions, and pricey partisan pet  projects.   And let's talk about a few of those. Look at this right here, a New  York bridge to Canada. That is $1.5 million for a bridge connecting the  State of New York to, yes, another country, Canada.   What about this one: the cleverly worded provision that earmarks-- yes, I said it, folks. Earmarking is already happening right here--$140  million to a subway in Silicon Valley in California. What does that  have to do with COVID?   And a whopping $350 billion blue-State bailout that rewards the  States that have imposed the strictest lockdowns. Folks, we should be  rewarding the States that demonstrated leadership by finding ways to  safely stay open, not those that shut down our schools, closed our  businesses, and killed our American jobs.   But, most importantly, COVID relief should stay focused on COVID.  There is still about $1 trillion of COVID funding that Congress  previously approved that hasn't even been spent yet. Yes, folks, $1  trillion. So why in the world are we looking at spending yet another $2  trillion, of course, on things that are not even related to COVID?    That isn't to say that there aren't needs, because there are. We know  that all across our country. But instead of bridges and bailouts, the  money should be focused on immediate help to get our moms and dads back  to work. And to do that, we need to do a few things: No. 1, let's  safely reopen our schools. Let's, No. 2, expand access to quality,  affordable childcare. And, No. 3, let's distribute the vaccine as  quickly as possible.   While the bill does actually provide some assistance for these  purposes, even here, the Democrats show how out of touch they are with  what is actually happening on the ground.   For example, nearly $15 billion is included for the childcare and  development block grant. You would think that is a good thing because  it is needed. At a time when so many moms are being forced to choose  between their careers and children as a result of school closures, the  support is needed. But a loophole in the bill that is coming over from  the House allows millionaires to use up this program, which  [[Page S982]]  was created to make quality childcare affordable for working parents  who are struggling to make ends meet. Yes, millionaires qualify for  this assistance, not just our struggling families. And while additional  funding will certainly help many, expanding eligibility to those  millionaires who have the financial means to afford their own nannies  will not.   While the bill also extends the unemployment benefit, and it does  provide an extra $400 per week for those who are out of work because of  the pandemic--there, again, another loophole--there is no limit placed  on the eligibility. That means someone who may be out of work but is  still earning $1 million or more qualifies for these bonus payments.   Now, you might laugh--you might laugh--and ask: How many people would  apply for unemployment assistance if they were making $1 million? Well,  folks, the answer is thousands.   During the great recession just a decade ago, more than 3,000  individuals with adjusted gross incomes of $1 million collected  unemployment benefits. Because this bill doesn't cap who may receive  support, jobless millionaires may end up collecting as much as $1  million in enhanced unemployment assistance every week. This is like a  reverse millionaires' tax. The Democrats are paying millionaires not to  work with taxes paid by lower income workers. How do you like that  socialist scheme?   So if you are a coastal elite living in California or New York and  maybe making a million bucks despite being out of work, this bill is  especially generous for you.   But, folks, this isn't Monopoly money. This is the real deal, and  someone has to eventually pick up the tab. Sadly, it is going to be  paid out of the pockets of essential workers and others who are  continuing to work, those who pay taxes and keep America running.   Now, as an eternal optimist, I am hopeful that when this bill comes  before the Senate, my Democratic colleagues will actually work with us  to cut the pork and refocus the bill on what it should be focused on:  the immediate needs of the COVID pandemic--not a fancy subway, not a  bridge to Canada, and, certainly, not wealthy State bailouts. Focus on  the immediate needs of the COVID pandemic.   And if not, I am afraid the Democrats will just keep passing go and  collecting hundreds of dollars from hard-working taxpayers across this  country, only to pay for their pricey partisan pet projects and wish- list items that have nothing to do with COVID.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   