 Madam President, I rise to join my good colleague,  the chair of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, the Senator from  Hawaii, and I couldn't agree more with him in my support of the budget  resolution that is coming before the committee in the Senate this week.   In Nevada and across the country, our Tribes are hurting. They are  trying to do too much with far, far too little. Some of them are still  under lockdown,  [[Page S296]]  desperate to protect elders--often the gatekeepers of rich Native  languages and cultures--from the impact of the virus that they see is  devastating their communities, and many are struggling to keep business  doors open. All of them are stretched too thin. Sadly, this isn't new.  Tribes were suffering from unstable funding streams and budget  shortfalls even before the coronavirus pandemic affected their  economies. Now on shoestring budgets--with staffing levels that were  insufficient even before the pandemic hit--they are trying to address  the myriad urgent needs of their communities.   That means administering COVID-19 testing and getting vaccines into  arms, all while providing a whole range of other critical healthcare  services like behavioral healthcare and primary care. It also means  administering affordable housing programs, supporting Tribal  businesses, and ensuring the safety of the students and teachers in  Native communities. The needs are immense.   Coronavirus relief for Nevada and the Nation's Tribes has to address  the disparities that have made Natives up to 3.5 times more likely to  contract COVID-19, and it has to make sure Tribes can build back  economically after the pandemic ends. To do this, we have to start by  replenishing the Coronavirus Relief Fund, the Education Stabilization  Fund, and the Homeowner Assistance Fund, all of which have been  providing valuable lifelines to Native communities impacted by COVID- 19.   The Federal Government absolutely has to do more to support these  efforts and uphold the Federal trust responsibility. It can help Tribes  navigate the Federal bureaucracy and ensure that funds allocated to  Tribal priorities actually get into the hands of those who need them.   Congress also needs to make sure that we are meeting our treaty  obligations to provide healthcare for American Indians and Alaska  Natives even when they live in urban areas rather than on Tribal lands.  We can start by passing the Urban Indian Health Parity Act to shore up  Medicaid funding for urban Indian healthcare facilities and put them on  a level playing field with Indian Health Services run by the Federal  Government or Tribes on reservations.   Looking forward, we also must do more to permanently and robustly  fund the Indian Health Service. This pandemic has only shown the risks  of underinvesting in public health in Native communities, and we have  to make sure that the IHS is able to prepare for emergencies, like this  one, far better in the future. Leaving American Indian and Alaska  Native communities without sustainable funding streams for the health  services that they were guaranteed by this government is a violation of  our treaty obligations, plain and simple.   I support every resource we can get for Nevada's hard-hit Native  communities and our communities across the country, and that is why I  urge my colleagues to support this budget resolution that will help  these hardest hit communities.   I yield the floor to my new colleague from the great State of New  Mexico.   