 Mr. Chair, in this country, our credit reports are our  reputations, determining where you can live, where you can work, and  how much it will cost you to finance everything from a car to a college  degree. But our credit reporting system is fundamentally flawed, rife  with inequities and disparities that stifle the upward mobility of  millions of hardworking Americans.   I am proud to rise in support of my Comprehensive Credit Reporting  Enhancement, Disclosure, Innovation, and Transparency, or Comprehensive  CREDIT, Act, a critical package of reforms that will improve our  fundamentally flawed credit reporting system.   How and what information is shared with credit reporting agencies is  especially important as Americans take on ever-increasing debt simply  for trying to afford basic needs: housing, healthcare, and higher  education.   Trailing only mortgages, student loan debt is now the second highest  form of consumer debt, impacting nearly one-fifth of U.S. households  and totaling over $1.6 trillion. That is trillion with a T. In my home  State of Massachusetts, alone, over 855,000 borrowers owe a total of  $33.3 billion in student loan debt.   That is why I am especially proud the Comprehensive CREDIT Act  includes reforms originally introduced in my Student Borrower Credit  Improvement Act, reforms that would establish a credit rehabilitation  process for private student loan borrowers facing hardship, making  students eligible to have all associated derogatory remarks removed  from their credit reports, which can otherwise stay on for 7 years.   Even if we wipe out all student debt tomorrow, the devastating impact  on consumers' credit would remain for years to come. For that very  reason, we must give folks a real chance at recovery and repair.   It is estimated that one in five Americans has a potential error on  their credit report; but, for too long, credit reporting agencies have  kept consumers in the dark and made it difficult to correct errors that  do come to light. The Comprehensive CREDIT Act will ensure that  consumers can quickly and easily rectify those errors.   At a time when wages are stagnant but the cost of housing, childcare,  and education continue to rise, we should be working to provide our  constituents pathways to financial stability and success. It is why  this bill would restrict the use of credit scores for most hiring  decisions, limit the amount of time that adverse information can remain  on a person's credit profile, and ban the reporting of any debt as a  result of medically necessary procedures.   I urge my colleagues to support the Comprehensive CREDIT Act and  ensure a more equitable and transparent credit reporting system for  all.    Mr. Chair, my bill, the Comprehensive CREDIT Act, will  greatly improve a fundamentally flawed credit reporting system,  providing much-needed relief for families across the country.   It works to protect consumers from unfair and misleading credit  reporting practices, affirming the rights of all Americans to an  equitable and transparent credit reporting process. My bill takes the  burden off consumers while holding credit reporting agencies  accountable and restoring fairness to the system.   I thank my colleague from Tennessee (Mr. Cohen) for offering this  amendment. CRAs are all too quick to add penalties and negative marks  to credit reports, but the same urgency never seems to be applied to  improving those reports.   Once borrowers take the steps prescribed in this bill to improve  their credit reports, they deserve to have the reports updated to  reflect that in a reasonable timeframe.   Credit scores are meant to be predictive, and the best predictor of  future behavior is their most recent behavior. Our bill takes the  burden off of consumers while holding debt reporting agencies  accountable and restoring fairness to the system. This amendment would  further strengthen our bill by ensuring that these changes happen in a  timely manner.   Mr. Chair, I am proud to support this amendment, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Chair, I find very often we tend to stereotype and  present a very shallow narrative as to who experiences homelessness or  is on the precipice of experiencing it.   The reality is that struggle is certainly not a character flaw, and  hardship is transcendent. Many of us have disruptive life events: a  layoff, a death, a natural disaster, displacement. I could go on.   The point is that far too many Americans are living on the brink of  financial collapse. So while this administration continues to undo  basic protections for those experiencing homelessness, we must be  working to support them and help them to regain stability.   There is no hierarchy of hurt. As someone who faced multiple eviction  notices growing up, I can tell you that losing one's home is every bit  as traumatic as losing one's job or being diagnosed with a life- threatening illness.   We should be working to help people find housing, not punishing and  criminalizing those without it.   This amendment would make it clear that Americans facing homelessness  are able to get relief under our bill. I am proud to support it.   Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from California for offering this  amendment. And in that this is the final amendment, I want to thank  Chairwoman Waters for her leadership; the dedicated Financial Services  Committee staff; Representative Lawson; and my dedicated A Team,  specifically Aya Ibrahim, who has been the lead on this bill.   