 Madam Speaker, I join my colleagues today urging  commonsense policies to carry out the goals of the Endangered Species  Act while allowing our communities to flourish.   As stewards of our planet, we each have a responsibility to care for  the environment and protect our wildlife while also caring for and  addressing the needs of our human environment, which often gets left  out in this conversation.   However, today it seems more difficult than ever to have balanced  discussions. Deeply entrenched special interests are increasingly using  our small communities as pawns for their larger political ambitions.  Unfortunately, the bureaucrats in both the Federal and State  Government, especially in New York, have become more powerful than the  people, and that is unacceptable.   I want to bring to your attention what is happening in my community  today. I represent New York's 22nd District, which stretches all the  way from Lake Ontario, yes, a Great Lake, to the Pennsylvania border in  the heart of beautiful, pastoral, upstate New York.   On April 16, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and New York State  Department of Environmental Conservation ordered an immediate halting  of a routine annual dredging project to clear ingress and egress into  the lovely inlet of Sandy Pond, which is on the eastern shore of Lake  Ontario, due to the sighting of a piping plover, a small shoreline bird  that weighs less than 2 ounces. Even though there are over 10,000 of  these birds today throughout the Great Plains and eastern seaboard,  they remain listed as an endangered species in the Great Lakes region.   The annual dredging project maintains safe ingress and egress into  Sandy Pond. The seasonal dredging was one week from completion before  the forced government closure. There are several hundred homes and  campsites along this beautiful spot on Lake Ontario known as Sandy  Pond, where people from around the Northeast have enjoyed this  incredibly beautiful and unique place for over a century.    The closure has been devastating to local businesses, residents, and  visitors, who have already been suffering from the disruptions of the  COVID-19 pandemic last summer. Property values alone in this region are  in excess of $150 million, not including all the business revenues and  sales tax lost from people coming to this region from really all around  the Northeast and Canada.   Despite this harsh Federal action, the two--there are now two--piping  plovers' nests are not even close to the dredging site. I know because  I went to the site, and I walked off the distance from the dredging  site to the beginning of the designated habitat. The distance was  clearly over 3,000 feet, just to get to the beginning of the site,  where the birds are much farther down.   I want to emphasize that the community cares deeply about the natural  environment. They seek to preserve this natural environment and its  natural splendor for generations to come, and they deeply care about  the continued growth and continued population of this piping plover.   The community has proposed a simple dredging, an economy-mode  dredging, which would be less intrusive, to dispose of the sand in an  alternative location that would be far away. This is a very modest and  safe proposal. It is respectful and preserves the nesting site to the  bird, and it is a perfectly reasonable accommodation.   Unfortunately, the Federal and State bureaucrats have dug in and  refuse to compromise, despite the fact that dredging can begin again  safely and responsibly without threatening the life or the habitat of  the birds.   The Federal and State agencies have been unable to support their  position yet with data or facts. We have had numerous conversations  with them, public meetings, and press conferences, and they refuse to  offer any opportunity for the residents to have some relief.   All the while, the community at Sandy Pond continues to suffer, and  the harm could be irreparable harm as the situation grows more dire  each day, as the safe passage into Sandy Pond to and from Lake Ontario  becomes impossible.   The piping plover, interestingly, has not been seen in this part of  Sandy Pond. Really it is sort of a rare resident. And it has been  determined that actually piping plovers like dredged sand. It unearths  minerals and nutrients for them, and they tend to be flocking now to  these nesting sites. Sadly, a few years ago one of the pairs that did  show up was killed by a fox, so we were unable to save that particular  pair.   There are far too many communities that have suffered from the whims  of bureaucrats in Washington and Albany who just don't seem to care and  seem to be hiding behind many of these rules and regulations when there  are reasonable alternatives that will preserve the natural environment  as well as the human environment.   I am concerned that to make matters worse the Biden administration is  barreling down a path of appeasement to the left lobbyists and special  interests.   The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has already announced they are  repealing recent reforms to the Endangered Species Act put in place  under the last administration--and thank you for acknowledging the  changes that were made. These changes will enact greater economic costs  while doing very little to offer any additional conservation  protections for the environment.   Our communities need reasonable compromises to ensure the prosperity  and enjoyment of our natural environment for all. This includes the  economy as well as the wildlife and the natural environment. The  Federal Government must be committed to this outcome as well as the  State government.   That is why I rise today, in support of targeted reforms to the  Endangered Species Act that provide for commonsense solutions that will  protect the natural environment for all species.   