 Madam President, I rise today in opposition of the  legislative waiver for the nominee to become the next Secretary of  Defense.   Since the inception of our Republic, civilian control of our military  by democratically-elected civilians has been fundamental to American  Government. This principle was firmly established as General George  Washington famously resigned his commission to the Continental Congress  in 1783, when he might have easily positioned himself as the leader of  the fledgling American Government instead. With this bedrock principle  in mind, Congress in 1947 established a limitation on former military  generals serving as Secretary of Defense without a sufficient number of  yes in civilian life. Today, Active-duty military members must have  been retired for at least 7 years before becoming eligible to serve as  Defense Secretary.   Four years ago, despite great concern for what I saw as an erosion of  the principle of civilian control of our military, I voted in support  of granting a ``one-time exception'' to the statutory requirement for  the confirmation of Gen. James Mattis. Until Congress  [[Page S87]]  granted a waiver of this requirement in 2017 for General Mattis,  Congress had approved a waiver only once before, in 1950 for General  George Marshall. With the nomination of Gen. Lloyd Austin, what I had  thought would be a once-in-a-generation waiver in 2017 now appears to  be the start of an unwelcome trend.   To be clear, I do not believe that General Austin himself poses a  specific risk to the civilian control of our military. By all accounts,  he is a dedicated public servant and patriot with more than 40 years of  successful military service. However, I do not believe that President  Biden has offered a strong enough justification for granting another  legislative waiver in so short a time.   Should a waiver for his service be approved over my objections, which  appears likely to occur, I intend to support General Austin's  nomination based on his merits and qualifications. Over the course of  his long and distinguished career, including as commander of U.S.  Central Command during one of the region's most challenging periods for  the United States, he has served with professionalism and diligence and  has earned the trust of President Biden.   General Austin has committed to uphold the principle of civilian  control of the military and pledged to ensure civilian leadership and  oversight over the Pentagon's strategic and operational planning. I  commend General Austin for once again answering the call to serve, and  I look forward to working with him to rebalance our civil-military  relations toward civilian control.   In November 2018, the congressionally appointed National Defense  Strategy Commission concluded that, ``There is an imbalance in civil- military relations on critical issues of strategy development and  implementation. Civilian voices appear relatively muted on issues at  the center of U.S. defense and national security policy.'' Losing this  civilian perspective can have profound, long-term strategic impacts on  the Pentagon and our national security policy.   There are many reasons for this trend toward unbalanced civil- military relations in recent years, including the failure of the prior  administration to adequately fill Senate-confirmed positions at the  Pentagon, instead relying on acting officials with limited ability to  assert themselves within the department.   We have also seen a troubling increase in the politicization of our  military. For example, hundreds of retired generals and admirals signed  public letters of support for Presidential candidates in 2020, with  both campaigns competing for the most military endorsements. That was  coupled with a growing trend toward political expression among the  ranks on social media and elsewhere; in at least one instance,  servicemembers in uniform were featured at one of the national  Presidential nominating conventions. It is imperative that military  officers do not come to view their commands as auditions for future  political appointments or opportunities to curry favor with civilian  political leaders.   As Dr. Lindsay Cohn, a professor at the U.S. Naval War College,  stated during the recent Senate Armed Services Committee hearing  examining civilian control of the Armed Forces, civilian control of our  military is not necessarily an on-off switch. It is a web of  institutions, norms, practices, and understandings which can be  weakened or strengthened. Recently, we have begun to see the principle  of civilian control of the military weakened and degraded.   In my view, Congress must not simply acquiesce to that growing trend.  I do not believe it would be wise to allow the exception to swallow the  rule when it comes to such a foundational principle of our Republic as  civilian control of the military.   