 Mr. Speaker, this global crisis causes us to ask: How do  we value the workers who grow and harvest our food? How do we value the  healthcare workers who risk their own lives for our loved ones? How do  we value the people who educate and care for our children?   Democrats fought hard to ensure this bill includes comprehensive  support for healthcare workers. It also creates a $150 billion relief  fund so that State, local, and Tribal governments can fight this  pandemic.   I know what it is like to live paycheck to paycheck. The stimulus  package provides direct payments to working familles so they can pay  bills. The Small Business Rescue Plan will aid small businesses and  nonprofits in New Mexico to maintain their existing workforce and pay  rent.   Yet, still, Congress must continue to act. Even after we stop the  spread of this virus, we must ensure our families have the help they  need. I support the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act  because we must battle this threat together.     Mr. Speaker, New Mexicans, Americans, and people around  the world are facing a crisis: the coronavirus pandemic is giving us an  opportunity to question what we value most.   How do we value the workers who grow and harvest our food, deliver it  to our stores, and help put it on our tables?   How do we value the people who put their lives on the line in  hospitals and healthcare centers to keep our loved ones healthy?   How do we value the people who educate and care for our children  during the day so that they are ready for the future?   Our lives and our way of life are threatened by this virus, and the  only way we can battle that threat is to do it together.   I've spoken with doctors, nurses, and first responders in Albuquerque  who put their own lives at risk every day to help identify those who  are infected and treat those who are sick, and they are running out of  personal protective equipment and testing supplies. They are worried  that hospitals don't have the capacity to handle all the patients who  will fall ill.   Democrats fought to make sure that The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and  Economic Security Act includes comprehensive support for health care  workers.   The bill provides $150 billion to help all types of hospitals and  providers that are most affected by COVID-19 and will fund whatever is  needed to fight this virus.   It also creates a $150 billion Coronavirus Relief Fund to help state,  local, and tribal governments' efforts to fight the pandemic.   I'm pleased that a minimum of $1.25 billion of this funding is  allocated for New Mexico, and I fought to make sure that $8 billion  will go to Indian tribes across the country.   In addition, the bill includes over $30 billion for states, school  districts, and institutions of higher education to address coronavirus  costs.   We all have an important role to play in the battle against the  coronavirus, too.   Humans are responsible for the spread, but that also means we have  the power to stop it.   We must protect our seniors and keep our distance from each other  while the virus runs its course.   I know this isn't easy, and it creates challenges of its own.   I had a virtual small business forum with the Albuquerque Hispano  Chamber--we heard stories about the tough choices small businesses must  make.   Do they layoff the workers who rely on the income they provide to  support their families?   Do they pay as much as they can, as long as they can and then close  their doors for good?   This bill provides a lifeline so folks can make it through this time  when we must change our behavior to stop the spread of the virus.   I know what it's like to live paycheck to paycheck, to not know if  I'd be able to care for a family member if they were sick, or if I'd be  able to afford a hospital bill.   This stimulus package provides direct payments to working class  families of $1,200 per adult, with an additional $500 available per  child.   It also provides a $600 per week increase in unemployment payments  for every American, which pays 100 percent of wages for the average  American struggling through this crisis without a paycheck. It also  extends benefits for an additional 13 weeks and gives part-time, self- employed, tipped employees, and gig economy workers access to  unemployment benefits. And it protects the contractors who keep our  critical national labs running.   We're also acting to protect New Mexico small businesses.   The bill's Small Business Rescue Plan includes $350 billion in loan  forgiveness grants to small businesses and non-profits to maintain  their existing workforce and help pay expenses like rent, mortgage and  utilities and $10 billion for emergency grants of up to $10,000 to  provide immediate relief of small business operating costs.   While the bill does a lot, this isn't the last action Congress must  take. Even after we stop the spread of the virus, our families will  need more support.   I will be working to ensure that future bills make health the top  priority for all people; that we provide economic relief directly to  the people of this country, that we rescue workers and communities, not  corporate executives; that we protect our democratic process; and that  we support the transition to a an economy that will promote economic  security for all;   I wish these things were in the bill we are voting on today, but we  needed to get this bill passed quickly with broad bipartisan support,  so there wasn't time to do everything each of us wanted.   I'm supporting the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act  today, and I'll keep fighting to protect the health, safety, and  economic security of all New Mexicans and all of us as we battle this  pandemic.   