 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Foxx amendment.   The amendment proposed by my colleague from North Carolina would  weaken the essential civil rights protections that are the very purpose  of the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act.   The goal of the bill we are voting on today is to treat workers who  are discriminated against based on age, the very same way we treat  workers who are discriminated against because of their race, gender,  national origin, or religion.   In our world of rising costs, shrinking pensions and retirement  savings, and longer life spans, many workers must work longer in order  to be able to live out their retirement years in dignity. That, in  addition to the reasons of basic fairness, is why the Protecting Older  Workers Against Discrimination Act is so important.   This bill would apply the same burden of proof to age discrimination  claims that are currently applied to other forms of employment  discrimination and retaliation prohibited by the Civil Rights Act of  1964 and other statutes.   The Foxx amendment would weaken these protections by creating two  different burdens of proof; one, for proving an act of discrimination,  and a tougher burden of proving retaliation against a worker who has  reported that discrimination.   The Foxx amendment would actually make it harder for an employee to  secure relief from employer retaliation under the Civil Rights Act of  1964, as well as other civil rights statutes. In other words, an  employer who retaliates against an older worker for reporting  discrimination would have an easier time getting away with it.   If an employer has less risk of being held accountable for  retaliating against an older worker who reports discrimination, by  firing or otherwise penalizing the employee, then the underlying  protections of the law are weakened because people will be deterred  from reporting retaliatory acts.   H.R. 2062, the Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act,  clarifies the standard applied to age discrimination and retaliation-- the mixed-motive standard--that was originally applied to claims under  title VII of the Civil Rights Act prior to the Supreme Court's wrong- headed decisions in the 2009 Gross case. This is the same standard  applied to discrimination claims under the Age Discrimination in  Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the  Rehabilitation Act.   It is important to note that the changes in language proposed by the  Foxx amendment would have a particularly egregious effect because the  enforcement of civil rights laws rely heavily on individuals to assert  their rights. That is why every civil rights law makes it a separate  act of discrimination for an employer to retaliate against employees  for exercising their civil rights or opposing unlawful acts. Charges of  retaliation are the most filed type of charge with the EEOC.   In 2020, more than half of the charges filed involved retaliation  claims. Since so many workers who report discrimination also report  retaliation, it is critical that H.R. 2062 correct the legal standard  set by the 2013 case, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center  v. Nassar.    In that case, the Supreme Court applied the but-for standard to  retaliation claims under title VII of the Civil Rights Act instead of  the mixed-motive standard used for all other types of employment  discrimination. It makes no sense to have separate provisions of title  VII requiring different standards of causation.   The legislation before us today fixes the problem created by the  Supreme Court rulings in the 2009 Gross decision and the 2013 Nassar  decision by applying a mixed-motive standard to cases of age  discrimination and retaliation.    The Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act  establishes the use of a mixed-motive standard, settling the confusing  separation of related civil rights claims and strengthening workers'  rights.   We should reject the Foxx amendment because prohibitions on  retaliation do not punish employers multiple times for the same  offense; rather, they help to deter employers from punishing employees  multiple times--first, by discriminating and denying the equal  opportunity, then again by punishing employees for challenging that  discrimination.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment, and I urge a  ``yes'' vote on the underlying bill, H.R. 2062.   