 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues to support President Biden's nominee to be Secretary of  Commerce, the Governor of Rhode Island, Gina Raimondo.   Many people know that Governor Raimondo was the first woman to serve  in that position in her State, and she has made tremendous impacts to  that State at a time when it needed important leadership. So we are  very excited that the President has nominated her for this position and  that she will put those same skill sets to work here in Washington.   The mission of the Department of Commerce, at least according to its  website, is to foster, promote, and develop foreign and domestic  commerce. Well, I can tell you that she is going to inherit a big  challenge because obviously our domestic economy is still reeling from  the impacts of COVID-19, and certainly she needs to think about the  continuing transition to a digital economy in an information age. The  foreign economy that she also will be charged with trying to help and  impact as it relates to the United States is certainly plagued by the  same pandemic and the impacts of that.   So we are looking for someone who can come in and help, with private  sector experience, to really move the agenda of this administration  forward. For me, Governor Raimondo's private sector experience really  means a lot. She knows how to invest in new technologies and things  that are going to help us grow jobs for the future, and she knows how  to match up a workforce with those job opportunities that are also so  critical as we move forward on many, many different policy issues that  are going to usher in change.   As Governor, she invested in workforce training and matching workers  with relevant small business experience, called her Rhode Island job  initiative. The program served more than 1,700 employers and 11,000  people throughout the State. She was able to send her State's  unemployment rates tumbling to a 30-year low simply by doing a really  focused job of matching workforce training to the needs of those  industries that were growing in her State. So I certainly appreciate  the fact that she has that private sector experience in knowing where  to invest and bringing people together, and she certainly created  successful programs on matching the workforce for tomorrow.   But make no mistake, the Department of Commerce is going to have a  very challenging role as we try to deal with the impacts of COVID-19.  One of the most important responsibilities, I believe, will be dealing  with the sectors most hard hit by the COVID pandemic.   I am glad that Governor Raimondo is a Governor of a coastal State  because one of the most impacted industries, as we have seen, is the  seafood industry, which has been affected greatly by COVID-19 since  early January 2020 when the lockdowns in China and around the world  impacted the seafood sector. U.S. seafood exports to China dropped by  31 percent by January of 2020 and 40 percent by February of 2020.  Lobster, Dungeness crab, shellfish--everything was experiencing severe  declines, and west coast fisheries have seen as much as a 40-percent  drop in revenue.   Sustainable fisheries are important economic drivers in coastal  communities. I know that Governor Raimondo gets that. She understands  that commercial fishermen and the impacts they have will impact not  just seafood processors, shipbuilding, and trade, but also our  restaurant economy. Marine anglers took in more than 194 million  fishing trips, which fueled our outdoor recreation and tourism economy.   So I am glad that Governor Raimondo, from a coastal State, is going  to come to oversee some of those key functions at the Department of  Commerce, particularly at NOAA, and harness the incredible data and  information that help us manage these economies, that keep them safe  and keep them focused on science. I know she understands that, as  Secretary, she can use those good scientific Agencies within the  Department of Commerce to better understand the impacts of climate and  the impacts of COVID and what we can do.   We know in the State of Washington that just a little bit of science  done at  [[Page S970]]  the University of Washington helped us immensely in saving our  shellfish industry. We now need to do more for fisheries across the  United States. We need to invest in things that I call salmon  infrastructure to keep--as we continue to grow our economy and continue  to move forward on infrastructure, that we are also keeping ways to  return salmon.   I think this is one of the most important things Governor Raimondo  can do as Secretary of Commerce--restore the respect for the scientific  process, the scientific community, and the important issues that are  going to be at the heart of how our coastal economies are impacted by  climate.   I have invited Governor Raimondo to take one of her first trips to  the State of Washington to see exactly how our State has dealt with  these fishery issues. I know that the Presiding Officer from California  knows how important the seafood industry is and the impacts to our  coastal communities because of climate as well. We need a leader in the  Department of Commerce who is going to help us mitigate and adapt to  those impacts.   I am also counting on Governor Raimondo to help us with our export  economy, everything from our ports to farmers to aerospace. Exports  mean jobs, and about one in four jobs in the State of Washington is  related to trade.   Frankly, I think she is a departure from the last President and the  last Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross. I think he and the President  spent a lot more time shaking their fists at the world community than  engaging them on policies that were really going to open up markets and  help us move forward with getting our products in the door.   Ninety-six percent of the world's customers live outside of the  United States, and prior to the COVID pandemic, half of the world's  population had reached middle class. That means that is a big market,  almost 4 billion people. U.S. exporters need to be able to reach those  markets and to grow the U.S. economy and grow U.S. jobs.    We need to work with our allies, like Europe and Japan, to meet the  real challenges we face from China. We need to expand U.S. exports in  other fast-growing markets around Asia and South America and around the  world. The Department of Commerce has a key role in promoting those  exports and helping our companies enter new markets, and U.S.  commercial service officials are on the frontlines of these issues  around the globe.   I know Governor Raimondo understands the importance of this export  market, and she understands that the Department of Commerce can play a  very big role in it. I hope that she will get to work soon on working  within the Biden administration to make this a big priority.   I also want to say that I know she is going to, on other science  Agencies within the Department of Commerce, play a critical role,  everything from the National Institute of Science and Technology--a  small Agency that doesn't get a lot of attention, but it is very  consensus-based on standards and fostering growth in a number of  industries that are so important to communications and manufacturing  and public safety.   So I hope that she will use, again, her private sector experience in  knowing where to invest in new technologies to help us continue to grow  economies like the space economy that we have in the State of  Washington. We are very proud that, as commercial space travel has  started to be a major focus of the private sector, it has grown many  businesses and many jobs in our State in that area, and we want to see  it continue to grow.   But we need Governor Raimondo's leadership on the important policies  that divide us on these issues. The U.S.-EU Privacy Shield agreement is  such a negotiation. I know my colleague Senator Wicker, who has been  very involved in these discussions and negotiations, knows exactly how  important digital trade is, and Commerce is leading up these talks to  resolve these disputes.   We must ensure the continued free flow of commercial data between the  United States and Europe. A lot is at stake. The U.S. and EU digital  trade is worth more than $300 billion annually and includes more than  $218 billion in U.S. exports to Europe. Every business that exports or  imports or has a presence in investment in the United States or Europe  will face difficulties if we don't resolve these issues and barriers to  cross-border data transfer.   So all of this is very big risk, and we want Governor Raimondo to get  to work on this very quickly and help resolve these issues.   The free flow of data between the United States and Europe is  critical to 5,000 tech companies in my State and more than $2.8 billion  of digital exports in our economy. So I am pretty sure that this is the  same--as I said to the Presiding Officer, I know he gets how important  digital trade is to the State of California and would like to see these  issues addressed as well.   So these are very big challenges for the Department of Commerce and  the next Commerce Secretary to basically make sure that the impacts of  COVID are dealt with in our economy and to usher in a new era of an  information age by making the right investments and depending on  science to help our key coastal communities that also have been greatly  impacted, using and harnessing the aspects of NOAA and really bringing  in the type of leadership we need at the Department of Commerce to  resolve our problems as a new digital age emerges here on an  international basis and continue to allow our economy to grow. I know  she is the right choice. I urge my colleagues to support her  nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   