 Madam President, last night, I had the opportunity to  join probably more than 80 of my colleagues in voting for a motion to  proceed to S. 3422, the Great American Outdoors Act.   This bill is sponsored by a strong group of Senators here--Senator  Gardner of Colorado, Senator Daines of Montana, and Senator Manchin  have been working very hard on the LWCF piece.   Senator Alexander, Senator Portman, and Senator Warner are working on  the parks' deferred maintenance aspect of this measure. There has been  lot of work from a lot of Members and a lot of good thought that has  gone into it and some good policy behind it, but I would like to share  with colleagues some of the reservations I have, albeit this is good  policy, solid policy in so many areas.   As with much of everything that we can do on the Senate floor, we can  always seek to improve. With some of my colleagues, I think we have  some ideas in areas where we can improve our Great American Outdoors  Act.   I come from a State where we know a little bit about our great  outdoors. I know we all like to advertise our scenery, the wildlife  that we have, but back in Alaska we have some pretty unrivaled scenery.  We have the mountains. We have got the glaciers. We have some of our  State's most important natural features that have been conserved in  some world-famous national parks, from Katmai and Denali to the Kenai  Fjords, Wrangell-St. Elias, Glacier Bay--names that so many Americans  know and have visited or hope to one day visit before they die.   We actually had an advertising campaign: See these majestic  landscapes before you die.   Americans recognize the importance of preserving our very best lands  and making the most of our ability to experience their natural  splendor. We are not welcoming visitors this year in a very different  time, as we are dealing with COVID, but we have no doubt that the  tourism industry will be back. It will be back better than ever before.  In fact, in yet another advertising campaign, we remind people that  Alaska waits for you, and we would welcome you at any time.   We have more than 223 million acres of Federal lands in total.  Included within that are more than 76 million acres that are managed by  U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, more than 71 million acres managed by  the Bureau of Land Management, more than 52 million acres managed by  the National Park Service, and more than 22 million acres managed by  the Forest Service.   So we have a lot. We have a lot of Federal land, and that means that  the Federal Government has a major responsibility to help us maintain  it and preserve it, just like in every State.   So I would like to take a few minutes to discuss how the policy that  we will be considering can help us do just that.   The Great American Outdoors Act combines two bills, again, that we  reported from the Energy and Natural Resources Committee last year. The  first one is S. 500, the Restore Our Parks Act, as I mentioned, led by  Senators Portman, Alexander, Warner, and King, which aims to tackle the  Park Service's $12 billion deferred maintenance backlog.   The second one is S. 1081, from Senators Manchin, Gardner, and  Daines, to provide full and mandatory funding for the Land and Water  Conservation Fund.   To tackle deferred maintenance needs, the Great American Outdoors Act  establishes a new National Parks and Public Land Legacy Restoration  Fund. That fund will provide up to $1.9 billion per year for 5 years to  relevant Federal land management agencies.   The Great American Outdoors Act also expands the list of agencies  that can receive funding beyond the Park Service to include the Forest  Service, Fish and Wildlife Service, BLM, and the Bureau of Indian  Education, which also has significant maintenance needs. This was  something we recognized within the Energy Committee as we were looking  at the status and situation on the maintenance of national parks. It  begs the question, What about our other public lands?   In Alaska, our forest lands are great sources of recreation and  opportunity, but they, too, have seen a maintenance backlog just  continue to accumulate. When you visit Denali, the Grand Canyon, or  Yosemite, you may not necessarily notice immediately the deferred  maintenance issues. Likewise, as you drive into Washington, DC, you  might not even realize that the George Washington Parkway is part of  our National Park System, let alone a major contributor to the agency's  maintenance backlog. The reality is that the Park Service, in  particular, has carried substantial backlogs for a long time.   As chairman of the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee, this is  something we have been working to try to get on top of, but it is like  getting on top of this wave. If you can't get on top of it, it is just  going to bury you. That is what has happened when you think about the  $12 billion backlog. These deferred maintenance needs just aren't  possible to resolve through the annual appropriations process despite  the considerable best efforts we have made. The longer they last, the  more they jeopardize the visitors' ability to safely enjoy our national  treasures.   In Alaska, the National Park Service has $106 million in deferred  maintenance. When you think about what I just outlined to you in terms  of the number of acres we have in Federal land and parks and BLM  refuge, $106 million out of $12 billion doesn't seem like that much. It  is a lot to us back home, and $33 million of that is considered  critical.   Within Denali National Park we have a pretty significant visitor  center, the Eielson Visitor Center, and the roof and the furnaces in  various buildings need to be replaced there. We have a water treatment  center at the Wrangell-St. Elias headquarters that need to be replaced.  I think it is important for people to realize because those are not  things you are going to notice. You are not going to notice that the  road is in disrepair or you don't have restroom facilities, but when  you are going into the park toward the end of the summer--in early  September--and there is no heat in the visitor center, you are probably  going to notice that.   I think it is important to recognize that the current list of  deferred maintenance does not account for some of the very major  challenges we are facing in Alaska, such as the situation with the  Denali route. It is the only route in and out of the park. It needs  substantial improvements due to ongoing subsidence. The estimates are  all over the map, but, in fairness, we are talking tens of millions,  perhaps in excess of $100 million, to help repair or to perhaps even  reroute that access.   When thinking about deferred maintenance in Alaska in the parks, we  can account for only a fraction of that system. Recreation is the  biggest user of our national forest system lands, but our forestlands,  trails, and campgrounds need about $5 billion in repairs. In Alaska, we  have about $105 million in backlog up there.   BLM manages nearly 50,000 buildings and structures--bridges, trails,  and roads mostly in Western States, but they also have a growing  backlog. In total in the Department of the Interior, we have about  $17.3 billion in deferred maintenance in fiscal year 2019. When  combining that with the Forest Service, their maintenance backlog is  $22.5 billion in our Federal land management agencies.   The Great American Outdoors Act is attempting to remedy the issue by  providing a downpayment to upgrade and to improve the aging  infrastructure on our public lands. I kind of outlined the need for why  we are here today. I indicated that I support funding to address the  maintenance backlogs, making sure visitors are able to enjoy our  landscapes and have the safest, most enjoyable experience as they see  America's beauty. That is important. I think it is also important that  we are cognizant about how we pay for this maintenance, how we address  that.   As I mentioned, I am on the Appropriations Committee. We are trying  to get ahead of this by making sure we are not seeking to add more to  the account without making sure we are caring for the lands already  under our jurisdiction.   The second part of the Great American Outdoors Act focuses on the  Land and Water Conservation Fund. LWCF provides for both Federal and  land acquisition and financial assistance for States' recreation  development. You  [[Page S2798]]  will hear me talk a lot about LWCF stateside programs because I think  it recognizes the role that States play in facilitating recreational  access and leverages funds to build out those opportunities.   We have certainly seen the benefits in Alaska. Providing a few local  examples, the State of Alaska has used LWCF matching funds to build  ballfields in Utqiagvik, an accessible urban playground in Anchorage,  and a ski area in Cordova.   I do think it is important for us to remember how LWCF was  established, the core purpose of why it came about in the first place.  Congress established this program in 1965 to build a national  recreation system primarily in the East. To accomplish that, the  Federal Government determined that it needed the ability to acquire  this private land. So our predecessors provided LWCF with the authority  and financial means to do so through revenues from offshore oil and  gas.    We had a lot of discussion in the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee about the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I was a proud  sponsor of last year's lands package, which made permanent the  collection and deposit provisions in the LWCF and put an end to years  of uncertainty and lapses in those deposits. I was pleased to be able  to help offer a series of commonsense reforms, which included a  requirement that at least 40 percent of the funding go to stateside  programs every year.   I also believe that LWCF's ability to acquire new Federal lands  should be focused on the eastern States where the proportion is  dramatically lowered. I also believe that it is better--much better--to  decide LWCF's funding in the appropriations process each year in the  context of the rest of our Nation's conservation and budgetary  priorities, as opposed to mandatory funding.   I have stated that we should have an opportunity to discuss these  priorities related to our obligations to our parks and to our  conservation efforts. Again, I believe it is only fair and honest, as  we debate this subject, that we recognize there are areas where we can  improve this bill.   I come to this debate from a very constructive place. I think I have  some very commonsense ideas to expand the bill to include conservation- related priorities that make sense for Alaska and our States across the  country, priorities such as offshore revenue, which I am going to be  speaking to in just a moment. There are some pretty simple, commonsense  things; for example, if we are going to allow for deferred maintenance  to be addressed within the LWCF account, why would we not want to make  sure that our States have a similar flexibility?   In States like Alaska, where we have significant Federal lands  already, it is not that we need to be buying up additional lands into  the Federal account in Alaska, but what we do need is to help preserve  those lands we have now but that are subject to aggressive erosion. To  be able to use funds from the LWCF account to deal with a coastal  resilience initiative is something my colleague from Louisiana and my  colleague from Rhode Island--we have been talking about how we can help  improve that.   I think these discussions are not only timely but smart policy. I  think it would be unfortunate if the Senate chooses not to allow good  ideas to be incorporated.   We have a measure in front of us that has strong bipartisan support.  We recognize that, and that is good at a time when we are trying to  come together as a Congress and as a nation. I take great pride in the  fact that, once again, leadership turns to the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee for good ideas that have come out of our committee.  The opportunity to include strong measures that will enhance this bill  is something I think we need to be focusing on.   I would like to address the amendment that my colleague from  Louisiana, Senator Cassidy, has filed and that I am cosponsoring. This  is an initiative that he has worked on, and he has explained that it is  a matter of equity. It is a matter of equity and fairness as to how  revenues are shared with the coastal States that enable offshore energy  development.   Adding key portions of the COASTAL Act, S. 2418--which I am proud to  cosponsor and was reported out of the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee--to the measure we have in front of us, I think, makes sense.  Senator Cassidy has spoken to how this would expand offshore revenue  sharing for States along the Gulf of Mexico, which post and support  some of the most impressive and expensive coastal facilities anywhere  in the world. If any of our colleagues have not had the opportunity to  view what happens in the offshore areas of Louisiana, it is a trip that  should be a priority.   Senator Cassidy has spoken to the Gulf of Mexico piece of it. I want  to speak to what the amendment would do for Alaska because it includes  provisions that have been written by myself and by Senator Sullivan to  establish a revenue-sharing program specific to our State, which has  prolific offshore resources that we hope, one day, to be able to safely  produce for the good of the Nation. But we are in a very, very  different position than they are in the Gulf. We need investment to  improve our coastal infrastructure, particularly in the Arctic. We have  some different conservation priorities from some noncoastal States,  which are enshrined in the purposes of the language in the amendment.   These principles of equity and fairness that we talk about as they  relate to the Gulf of Mexico are the same principles here.   Just like from onshore Federal development, local governments and  communities need to share in the revenues from offshore development. We  are the ones that host it, we bear the impacts, and the benefits the  entire country derives from it simply wouldn't be possible were it not  for these host States.   I think that this bill, this Great American Outdoors Act, is the  right place to address offshore revenue sharing because everything  within it relies on oil and gas revenues and LWCF, the fund that will  help with our deferred maintenance. Everything relies on oil and gas  revenues.   So, for as much vitriol as there may be out there, and criticism, as  the industry takes, I think this might be a good time to recognize that  oil and gas production generates Federal revenues, and it is these  Federal revenues that fund these conservation priorities for dozens and  dozens of Members on this floor and for hundreds of stakeholder groups.   Again, that is what has been happening within the LWCF, and it is  about to be true for the deferred maintenance backlog, that where you  are getting this funding source is from the oil and gas revenues. Those  funds wouldn't come were it not for places like Louisiana, the Gulf  Coast States, and again, hopefully, one day, Alaska.   When it comes to offshore revenue sharing, Alaska faces a disparity  not only with onshore rates but with other coastal producers. So you  have got the four Gulf States--Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and  Texas--that currently have a limited revenue sharing program  established by the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006. Alaska,  however, receives no revenue sharing, zero revenue sharing beyond the  near-shore areas that all coastal States receive under section 8(g) of  the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act.   If Alaska is granted offshore revenue sharing, know that we will put  it to productive use for conservation and environmental purposes. I  think it is instructive because I think there is so much rhetoric and  concern that we can't be doing further development in Alaska. It just  shouldn't happen. Well, let me share with you, again, we are seeing  coastal impact. We are seeing levels of erosion. We would like to be  able to address the expenses that are associated with it.   So within the amendment that Senator Cassidy has filed, in the Alaska  provision, we looked specifically to authorize purposes--coastal  protection, conservation, restoration, and assistance, including  relocation for communities that are directly affected by coastal  erosion, melting permafrost, and climate change related lawsuits.   Another authorized use is mitigation of damage to fish, wildlife, and  natural resources. Adaptation planning, vulnerability assessments,  emergency preparedness to build healthy and resilient communities, and  the installation and operation of energy systems to reduce energy costs  and greenhouse emissions, and then programs at institutions of higher  education, these are the  [[Page S2799]]  primary prescriptions that Alaska would use its shared revenues for.   If you support the Great American Outdoors Act, you will be able to  support offshore revenue sharing and the significant environmental  benefits that it would provide to the Gulf of Mexico and to the State  of Alaska, but we can only get there if we have an opportunity for the  good ideas--substantive ideas--that Senator Cassidy is leading with his  COASTAL Act that I have introduced with regards to concerns that I  briefly outlined and that I know that other Members have raised and  shared as well.   I appreciate the support that we have received for offshore revenue  sharing within the committee process itself. We are now asking for the  full Senate to support the coastal States in equitable sharing of  revenues. I think this is a key step, and I would urge that we have an  opportunity to adopt that as we move forward.   With that, I yield to my friend, the Senator from Louisiana. I thank  him for his leadership on this initiative. I have been so impressed not  only by his advocacy when it comes to addressing the fairness and the  equity issues that are associated with revenue sharing and what we need  to do to lift the cap, but also to his commitment to ensure that his  State and other coastal States that are seeing impact from climate  change and seeing impact from erosion, that the conservation purposes  that we have spoken to will have an opportunity to be addressed. I am  thankful to be able to work with him and to follow his lead on this.   I yield the floor.   