 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, immediately after a tragedy, we wake  up each day and feel the full force of it  [[Page S6018]]  again. The shock, sorrow, and anger can hit us so strongly, it is hard  to breathe, and that is the first part of mourning.   Eventually, the darkest times in our lives start to feel more  familiar. They still hurt as much as ever, but they don't surprise us,  and they become part of us.   Three years ago tonight, bullets split the air at the Route 91  Harvest Music Festival in my hometown of Las Vegas, NV. They sounded  like fireworks, like a celebration, but these were the first shots in  the worst mass shooting in modern American history.   Within minutes, those present at the outdoor festival understood at  least some of what was happening. A gunman, high up in a hotel room,  had taken aim at the people blow. Hundreds of people were shot, and  hundreds more wounded trying to get to safety. Fifty-eight people lost  their lives that night and 2 more have passed from grievous wounds  since.   Within minutes, Nevadans began working together to save lives and  help those in need. From those with years of training as first  responders to just bystanders whose only qualification to help was a  car at the ready, Las Vegans pulled together. Nurses and doctors rushed  to hospitals, and ordinary Nevadans stood in line to give blood.  Individuals and corporations donated their time and energy, as well as  blankets, food, and other support.   In the 3 years since, many all over the State of Nevada have worked  to mark what happened through memorial crosses, sculpture, a  commemorative community center, and many scholarships honoring the  memory of those who lost their lives.   Those 3 years have not erased the loss of the victims, the pain of  the survivors, or the scars of the first responders who rushed into  danger to save lives. If anything, the legacy of the Route 91 shooting  has expanded during that time, not contracted.   Like ripples on a pond, the impacts of this shooting linger. It  affects different people in different ways. For many, fireworks on the  Fourth of July are a reminder of what they went through that day. Geena  Marano has learned to prepare herself for Independence Day and New  Year's Eve, but if a car backfires unexpectedly, she has to start the  process of reminding herself: You are safe. It is OK.   Her sister Marisa, who was also at the festival with her, says that  her own daughter has picked up the habit of reacting to loud noises.  She says: ``It breaks my heart because my trauma has passed to her.''   The fear resurfaces for these sisters in so many situations--on  anniversaries, including of all the shootings since then; at high  schools where Geena was doing outreach to students and feared that she  was putting herself at risk of another shooting; passing the Strip,  eerily empty during the pandemic like it was on the days after the  festival; anywhere where there is darkness and music, even on an  evening out.   The Marano sisters are not alone. While the tragedy of the Route 91  shooting may be 3 years behind us, for many survivors, a moment can  bring it all roaring back. This is one of the reasons I am so committed  to getting more funding and support for mental health and substance  abuse treatment in this country. Just because you can't see many of the  scars from the Route 91 festival, it doesn't mean they are not there.  That is true for mental health in general. So many Americans deal, on a  daily basis, with challenges that even their closest loved ones can  struggle to understand.   Many first responders, for instance, carry the trauma they see at  scenes of crime, disaster, and tragedy with them. I introduced  legislation to provide confidentiality to Federal law enforcement who  use peer counseling services and to track law enforcement suicides in  order to develop more effective prevention programs for our first  responders.   For everyone struggling with mental health concerns, peer support can  be key, which is why I have introduced the Virtual Peer Support Act to  help these key behavioral health programs move online to meet huge  community needs during this pandemic because it really does take a  community of support to help people through tough times.   Treating the wounds, visible and invisible, from the Route 91 Harvest  Festival shooting is only one part of what we owe the survivors. The  other part is to take more action at the Federal level, to prevent  attacks likes this in the first place, to reduce the gun violence that  we have become far too accustomed to.   Overwhelming majorities of Americans want commonsense gun reform,  including many responsible gun owners like those in my own family. We  can do this here in Congress. Nevada has done it. At the State level,  we have banned the bump stocks used in the Route 91 shooting; we have  closed the loophole that lets private sellers sell guns without  background checks.   We can and should do all of these things at the Federal level. I have  pushed for all of these things during my time here in the Senate  because no family should have to go through what I saw that Monday  night at the Reunification Center in Las Vegas when families were  waiting to hear what happened to their loved ones the night before at  that concert. No one should have to struggle for years with chronic  pain, physical or mental, when we can take sensible measures to prevent  it.   To all of the families I met who have been touched by this tragedy  and for the hundreds more that I have spoken with, I want you to know  that Nevadans haven't forgotten you. We are all still Vegas Strong. We  are all still here with you. We are still working together to get you  what you need in the wake of a tragedy whose impact has not faded over  time; it has just changed and shifted.   Tonight, at home, let us all remember those who felt the impact of  the Route 91 shooting, from survivors, to families, to firefighters,  nurses, and volunteers. Let us move toward an America that protects its  communities from violence and that helps those who lived through it  heal.   I yield the floor.   