 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for yielding.   I rise today in support of H.R. 4305, the PAWS for Veterans Therapy  Act. This important bipartisan legislation will create a pilot program  within the Department of Veterans Affairs to give veterans access to  treatment derived from working with service dogs.   Mr. Speaker, I would also like to take this opportunity to thank the  gentleman from Ohio, Representative Stivers, for his tireless  leadership on this legislation. I deeply appreciate his dedication to  our Nation's veterans.    Mr. Speaker, thousands of veterans, between 11 and 20 percent,  experience post-traumatic stress disorder. Too many of the men and  women who serve our country return home with unseen trauma that can  make it hard to carry out daily activities, like going to work or going  to school. We owe it to our veterans to make sure that they have the  resources they need to recover.   In November, I had the opportunity to spend some time with a Vietnam  veteran named Walter Parker and his service dog, Jackson. Walter shared  how his partnership with Jackson has dramatically improved his life.  Jackson helps Walter participate in activities that we all take for  granted, like going to the movies or the grocery store. Their bond has  been instrumental in Walter's continuing recovery.   His story is not unique. Researchers, doctors, and veterans,  themselves, all report the same thing: Service dogs soothe the  invisible wounds of war.   Under the PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act, the VA will partner with  nonprofit organizations working with veterans and service dogs to  create work-therapy programs that help veterans learn the art and  science of training dogs. After completing the program, the veterans  may adopt their dogs to provide continued therapy.   Mission-based therapy has been proven to be a successful means of  treating PTSD, and this legislation will enable  [[Page H779]]  more veterans to access the care that service dogs can provide.   Mr. Speaker, Walter and Jackson and countless other vets and their  service dogs are proof that this therapy works. We owe it to our  veterans to explore creative ways to help them after they have given so  much to our country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important and  innovative legislation and give veterans the treatment they need and  deserve.   