 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support House  passage of S. 1694, the ``One Small Step to Protect Human Heritage in  Space Act.''   I want to thank Senator Peters and Senator Cruz for initiating this  legislation in the Senate. I also want to extend my appreciation to  House Science Committee Ranking Member Lucas, and Space and Aeronautics  Subcommittee Chairwoman Horn and Ranking Member Babin for joining me in  cosponsoring the House companion bill. We all share the goal of  protecting human heritage in space, and it is fitting that we are  working together to seek passage of the ``One Small Step'' legislation.   More than 50 years ago, the world watched in awe as Neil Armstrong  and Buzz Aldrin landed on the lunar surface and became the first humans  to set foot on another planetary body. Prior to their successful  landing, NASA implemented a series of tests, including robotic landings  and human in-space test programs in preparation for the Apollo human  landings. The culmination of those precursor efforts resulted in the  safe and successful Apollo 11 lunar landing, a moment that changed the  course of humanity.   Apollo human landing missions explored a total of 6 sites on the  Moon, leaving indicators of human presence, including rover tracks,  footprints, and scientific experiments and spacecraft hardware, among  other lunar landing site artifacts. Those artifacts that remain  imprinted in the lunar dust and on the surface of the Moon are  cultural, historic, scientific, and archeological artifacts. The bill  we are considering today, the ``One Small Step to Protect Human  Heritage in Space Act,'' directs the NASA Administrator to take  important actions toward preserving those artifacts.   The United States led the way in lunar exploration with humans and we  must also lead the way in setting examples and guiding responsible  behaviors in outer space, including behaviors related to our lunar  landing site artifacts. Congress and the American taxpayers made  possible the United States' historic and momentous Apollo lunar  landings by authorizing the program and investing four percent of the  nation's federal spending at the time to successfully carry it out. It  is incumbent upon the House of Representatives to honor these historic  lunar artifacts and to honor America's investment and commitment to  making the Apollo program a success. The direction in the One Small  Step bill will put into law our commitment toward preserving America's  human heritage in space.   Apollo remains an inspiration; it brought the world together during a  period of unique challenges and resulted in long-lasting benefits to  Americans. As we plan and prepare to send Americans into deep space  once again, and as other nations and actors become increasingly capable  of lunar activity, honoring and preserving Apollo's historic and  cultural significance must be prioritized. In doing so, we celebrate  American ingenuity and the awe-inspiring, humanity-changing  achievements of which we are capable.   In closing, I want to also extend my support of S. 2472, the ``Neil  A. Armstrong Test Facility Act'' to honor an American hero in our space  program. I urge my colleagues to support passage of both S. 1694, the  ``One Small Step Act'' and S. 2472, ``the Neil A. Armstrong Test  Facility Act.''   