 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, the Republican motion to recommit turns a deaf ear to  the vast majority of Americans who believe the time is now for police  reform.   This summer, we have found ourselves in a moment of national anguish  over the lives that we have lost to police brutality and the injustice  that we see each and every day because of systemic racism.   To meet the challenges of this moment and to live up to our highest  ideals, we must have the strength and the vision to act boldly.   In the hot summers of the 1960s, this House acted on transformative  legislation, which outlawed legal discrimination and expanded the right  to vote. Today, we are called to take bold, transformative action to  fundamentally change law enforcement in America by ending racial  profiling, eliminating police brutality, and ensuring accountability  and transparency and accuracy in our policing.   That is why I was so proud to join my colleagues in passing the  bipartisan George Floyd Justice in Policing Act just over a month ago.   Unfortunately, that bill languishes in Senator McConnell's  legislative graveyard. But we cannot wait for Republicans to heed the  voices of the left out and the left behind. If we did, we might be  stuck waiting until hell freezes over. That is why House Democrats are  using the appropriations process to build safer and stronger  communities for every American. That is every American.   This bill provides strong Federal support for State and local law  enforcement, but it conditions those funds on commonsense reforms such  as banning choke holds and curbing racial profiling.   Unfortunately, in this MTR, the Republicans who oppose those reforms,  they are really turning to their favorite tactic, and that is  scapegoating immigrants.   Let me be clear. Turning away asylum seekers turns our backs on our  Nation's highest ideals. This MTR cuts $15 million in the bill that  would help ensure asylum seekers arriving at our borders receive legal  assistance.   This funding will protect the rights and the dignity of these  vulnerable people, and it will help speed up the backlog of claims that  has led to squalid conditions that no human being--and I mean no human  being--should be forced to endure.   This week, we buried our colleague and friend, the Honorable, the  Honorable Congressman John Lewis. John often spoke of the vision he  shared with Martin Luther King, Jr., of our human family living as a  beloved community. And, yes, we have a long way to go to live up to  that ideal, but the thoughtful use of Federal funds in this bill brings  us closer to that goal.   This MTR, mind you, yes, it takes us back, attacking civil rights  reforms, which our beloved Congressman John Lewis fought all of his  life for. It demeans those who are coming into our Nation in search of  a better life.   It is outrageous. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the motion  to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time.   