 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3919, the  Secure Equipment Act of 2021, as amended.   For over a decade, I have raised concerns about how the  vulnerabilities in our telecommunications infrastructure directly  impact our national security. On November 2, 2010, I wrote to the  Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) expressing  grave concerns about Huawei and ZTE, which have opaque relationships  with the Chinese government.   Sadly, in the intervening eleven years, telecommunications companies  have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in equipment made by  Huawei and ZTE because the equipment is the cheapest available.   On March 12, 2020, Congress passed and the President signed into law  the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019 (STCNA),  which directed the FCC to: (i) establish a list of companies deemed to  be a national security threat; (ii) prohibit the use of federal funds  for purchasing equipment made by those companies; and (iii) authorize  funding for U.S. carriers to rip and replace equipment made by those  companies. The FCC's list includes Huawei, ZTE, and other companies  linked to the Chinese government.   STCNA was a significant step forward for our national security.  However, U.S. companies can still privately purchase equipment from  these companies. This allows potentially vulnerable equipment into our  wireless systems which is a threat to our national security because  compromised equipment can include hard-to-detect surveillance  capabilities.   On June 15, 2021, Representative Steve Scalise and I introduced H.R.  3919 to prohibit the FCC from approving any telecommunications  equipment made by companies deemed to be a national security threat.  Senators Marco Rubio and Ed Markey have companion legislation in the  Senate. The legislation is supported by the FCC's Democratic Acting  Chairwoman Jessica Rosenworcel and Republican Commissioner Brendan  Carr.   The bill was considered and favorably advanced by voice vote, first  by the House Subcommittee on Communications and Technology and then by  the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The companion bill was favorably  advanced by the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and  Transportation.   As I stated when STCNA was being considered by our chamber, no one  bill can fully protect our telecommunications networks. The threats we  face are constantly evolving, and Congress must remain diligent in  ensuring our communications are secure, private, and reliable.   H.R. 3919 is a highly important and necessary complement to STCNA and  I urge my colleagues to vote for it.   