 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a 5-foot-1-inch giant, Ruth Bader  Ginsburg changed this Nation--and the potential of my own life--time  and again, seeing no challenge too big and finding no cause too small  to fight for. A woman with the softest voice, yet the most powerful  words one could ever imagine, she made it her life's work to lift up  the voices of others who all too often had been silenced or ignored.   With every case she argued, with every ruling she issued, with every  dissent she penned, Justice Ginsburg helped push our country toward  that more perfect Union our Founders once  [[Page S5807]]  wrote of in the Constitution she believed in so fiercely.   Our democracy may have been founded in the 18th century, but it  wasn't fully built when the ink dried on the Declaration of  Independence. It was shaped and strengthened, forged and formed, not  just by those whose faces loom large on Mount Rushmore but by someone  who was often the smallest, quietest person in nearly every room she  ever walked into. It is because of Ruth Bader Ginsburg's brilliance and  resilience that so many of us have the rights we too often take for  granted, and it is because of her that who I am today is possible.   Long before she was a Supreme Court Justice, she was a relatively  unknown law school professor who altered the course of history when she  argued that the equal protection promised under the 14th Amendment  didn't just mean equal protection for men. Her legal genius was  captured in her first landmark victory and reflected in her choice of a  male plaintiff to demonstrate that discrimination on the basis of sex  harms every American, male and female alike.   Suddenly, thanks to this idealistic, young lawyer who spent her own  law school years having her place questioned because of her sex, it  became illegal to discriminate against women because they happened to  be women. That same tenacity, that same trailblazing intellect, that  same woman also helped pave the way for me to succeed in my career as a  woman in the military.   In 1973, she made sure that the equal rights for women she had helped  to secure extended to the women who were seeking to defend our Nation,  arguing and winning her first case in front of the Supreme Court-- getting the Justices to rule in an 8-to-1 fashion that the military  could not give a female servicemember fewer benefits than her male  counterparts.   Her life, her position, and her title changed over the next couple of  decades, as we all well know, but her convictions did not. It was 23  years after standing in front of the bench of the highest Court in the  land to argue that our Armed Forces could not discriminate against a  woman in their ranks that Ruth Bader Ginsburg herself sat on that very  same bench and issued a ruling that changed everything for countless  women who dreamed of serving their country in uniform. She struck down  the State-funded Virginia Military Institute's male-only acceptance  policy, granting women the ability to learn and train alongside men at  one of the top military academies in the Nation.   In a ruling I plan to read out loud to my little girls some nights  instead of their usual bedtime stories, she wrote of potential female  VMI students, arguing: ``Generalizations about `the way women are,'  estimates of what is appropriate for most women, no longer justify  denying opportunity to women whose talent and capacity place them  outside the average description.''   I can't begin to imagine the number of women generals and flag  officers and servicemembers she paved the way for with those rulings,  but I do know the story of one, not a flag officer--just me, myself.   As I was a couple years into the Army when she wrote that decision,  Ruth Bader Ginsburg helped make my career in the military possible. She  helped make my hope of one day serving in a combat role regardless of  my gender, of one day commanding a unit--despite most of my crew being  men--achievable. It was because of her that my dreams had the  opportunity to become a reality.   You know, yesterday, I told my 5-year-old, Abigail--named for Abigail  Adams, another feminist--that we were taking a field trip instead of  our usual homeschooling routine, and I took her and her younger sister,  Maile, to the steps of the highest Court in the land. I didn't expect  to get emotional, and I didn't expect to tear up, but with Maile in my  lap and Abigail by my side, I started to cry. I was crying because it  was not just my military career Ruth Bader Ginsburg helped to make  possible but my family too.   I may never have been able to become a mom if it were not for Justice  Ginsburg. Without her, without what she did to safeguard healthcare and  reproductive freedoms, I might never have been able to get pregnant  through IVF. I might never have been able to have my two little girls;  never would have been able to watch Abigail place a bouquet of white  roses on the steps of the Supreme Court if Ruth Bader Ginsburg hadn't  spent decades in that very same building, defending my rights. She  changed--no, she gave me the opportunity to achieve my life as it is  today.   Her passing isn't just heartbreaking for me and for countless other  women across this country; it is a loss for our entire Nation. It is a  loss for justice, a loss for equality.   While today I will continue to mourn everything we lost when she  passed last Friday, I promise that tomorrow I am going to roll up my  sleeves and honor her in the way I believe to be most true to how she  lived her life--by fighting like hell for what is right and for all of  our rights.   My daughters might be too young to remember going to the Supreme  Court to pay our respects to RBG, but they will know her legacy, and  already, every day, they are living proof of its power.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   