 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2639, the  ``Strength in Diversity Act.'' H.R. 2639, directs the Department of  Education (ED) to award grants to specified educational agencies, that  may include local educational agencies, to develop or implement plans  to improve diversity and reduce or eliminate racial or socioeconomic  isolation in publicly funded early childhood education programs, public  elementary schools, or public secondary schools. Specifically, ED may  award planning and implementation grants to specified educational  agencies.   A recipient of a planning grant must use the grant to support  students through certain activities, such as developing options to  improve  [[Page H4407]]  diversity in schools that might include weighted lotteries or school  boundary redesign. In addition, a recipient of an implementation grant  must implement a high-quality plan to support students. This plan must,  among other things, include a comprehensive set of strategies that are  designed to improve academic outcomes for all students, particularly  students of color and low-income students. A grant recipient may also  use the grant for certain activities such as recruiting additional  teachers and staff, investing in specialized academic programs, and  developing innovative and equitable school assignment plans.   This legislation will also allow ED to carry out national activities  under the grant program, such as developing best practices for grant  recipients and other experts in school diversity. The bill also  requires ED to establish performance measures for the program and its  related activities.   H.R. 2639 is needed because for far too often, for reasons of legacy  or policy, students of color or in low-income communities are shut out  of the opportunity to get a good education. Just as intolerance and  discrimination are learned behaviors, so are tolerance and inclusion  learned behaviors. As years of research have shown us, school  integration benefits students and communities. Research shows that  racial and socioeconomic diversity in the classroom can provide  students with a range of cognitive and social benefits. And school  policies around the country are beginning to catch up.   Today, over 4 million students in America are enrolled in school  districts or charter schools with socioeconomic integration policies--a  number that has more than doubled since 2007. Students in integrated  schools have higher average test scores. On the 2011 National  Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) given to fourth graders in  math, for example, low-income students attending more affluent schools  scored roughly two years of learning ahead of low-income students in  high-poverty schools.   Students in integrated schools are more likely to enroll in college,  when comparing students with similar socioeconomic backgrounds, those  students at more affluent schools are 68 percent more likely to enroll  at a four-year college than their peers at high-poverty schools.  Students in integrated schools are less likely to dropout, with dropout  rates that are significantly higher for students in segregated, high- poverty schools than for students in integrated schools. Education  policy is contributing to systemic racism that exists in how education  is provided in the United States, which resists efforts to remove  barriers that would allow all children to succeed.   It has been well documented that integrated schools help to reduce  racial achievement gaps. In fact, the racial achievement gap in K  through 12 education closed more rapidly during the peak years of  school desegregation in the 1970s and 1980s than it has overall in the  decades that followed--when many desegregation policies were dismantled  through federal court decisions allowing discriminatory segregated  education to continue. Benefits are not limited to minority students,  but also extend to white students.   Integrated classrooms encourage critical thinking, problem solving,  and creativity. We know that diverse classrooms, in which students  learn cooperatively alongside those whose perspectives and backgrounds  are different from their own, are beneficial to all students--including  middle-class white students--because these environments promote  creativity, motivation, deeper learning, critical thinking, and  problem-solving skills.   This bill will help in this effort by providing grants to school  districts that want to increase diversity in schools. As many of you  know the school-age population in the United States is becoming more  racially and ethnically diverse. A National Center for Education  Statistics (NCES) report released in February 2019, on ``Status and  Trends in the Education of Racial and Ethnic Groups 2018,'' examined  how education experiences and outcomes vary among racial/ethnic groups.  The report contains 36 indicators that cover preprimary to  postsecondary education, as well as family background characteristics  and labor force outcomes.    Prior research shows that living in poverty during early childhood is  associated with lower-than-average academic performance that begins in  kindergarten and extends through high school, leading to lower-than- average rates of school completion. In 2016, the percentages of  children living in poverty were highest for Black and American Indian/  Alaska Native children and lowest for White and Asian children.   One of the casualties of COVID-19 are the millions of children and  young people who have lost out on opportunities to learn and grow in  diverse school settings during the spring and fall of this year.  Between 2000 and 2017, the percentage of 5- to 17-year-olds who were  White decreased from 62 to 51 percent, while the percentage who were  Hispanic increased from 16 to 25 percent. The challenge of diversity in  education is not just limited to racial diversity in schools. Questions  of socioeconomic diversity combined with those of racial diversity are  important to consider in determining how far we have come in school  equality. This bill builds on the work already underway by schools and  school districts who are pursuing diversity to have additional  resources.   In 2019, approximately 56.6 million students attended elementary and  secondary school in the United States: 50.8 million students were in  public schools; 5.8 million students were in private schools. Among the  50.8 million students enrolled in elementary and secondary public  schools: 1.4 million were in prekindergarten; 3.7 million were in  kindergarten; 35.5 million attended elementary through middle school  (K-8th grade); 15.3 million attended high school (9-12th grade).  Through 2028, enrollment is projected to increase to 51.4 million.   In 2018, 3.3 million students graduated from high school, marking  nearly a 1 percent increase from 2017: 3.7 million were expected to  graduate in 2020; 3.3 million from public high schools; 0.4 million  from private schools. The average per-student expenditure in public  schools is $13,440.   In 2019, there are approximately 16,800 school districts in the  United States. Thirteen percent of all public school students were  served by the Individuals with Disabilities Act for the 2015-2016  school year.   Between 2000 and 2016, total public school enrollment increased for  32 states. The following saw increases of 15 percent or more: Florida,  Delaware, North Carolina, Idaho, Georgia, Colorado, Arizona, Texas,  Utah, and Nevada. The following states saw decreases of 10 percent or  more: Michigan, Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont. In 2018, 7 million  or 13.7 percent of public school students received special education  services. In 2017, 9.6 percent of public school students were learning  English as a second language.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2639, Strength in  Diversity Act.   