 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2468, the  ``School-Based Allergies and Asthma Management Program Act,'' which  would provide important guidance to schools on how to support students  who have asthma.   Across the United States nearly 25 million people have been diagnosed  with asthma, including almost 7 million children.   Childhood asthma is a common, chronic pediatric condition, affecting  6.3 million children.   Morbidity from childhood asthma adversely affects school performance,  with 1 in 2 children reporting school absences due to asthma each year.   These asthma related absences influence academic achievement, leading  to decreased levels of reading proficiency and increased risk of  learning disabilities.   Improving health and school-related outcomes for children with asthma  requires the use of school-based partnerships that focus on integrated  care coordination amongst families, clinicians, and school nurses.   The best defense to asthma attacks is immediate treatment as soon as  symptoms present themselves.   Instead of contributing to the nearly 2 million asthma-related  emergency room visits each year, this bill would provide schools with  the necessary guidance on how to treat asthma attacks and support lung  health of student while in school and at home.   Improving health and school-related outcomes for children with asthma  requires the use of school-based partnerships that focus on integrated  care coordination amongst families, clinicians and school nurses.   Every day in America 30,000 Americans have an asthma attack, and 11  are killed by them.   The School-based Asthma Management Program as outlined by H.R. 2468,  is supported by the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.   For asthma care, the School-based Asthma Management Program has four  components to integrate schools, and specifically school nurses, within  the asthma care team.   First, the creation of a Circle of Support amongst the families,  clinicians and schools' nurses are centered around the child with  asthma.   Second, the creation and transmission of Asthma Management Plans to  schools, which includes an Asthma Emergency Treatment Plan for  emergency management of asthma symptoms and an individualized Asthma  Action Plan for each child with asthma.   Third, the development of a comprehensive Asthma Education Plan for  school personnel.   Finally, a comprehensive Environmental Asthma Plan to assess and  remediate asthma triggers at home and in school.   This bill is supported by the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and  Immunology (AAAAI) and the National Association of School Nurses  (NASN).   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill.    Madam Speaker, as the Founding Chair of the  Congressional Children's Caucus and a senior member of the Judiciary  and Homeland Security Committees, I rise in strong support of H.R.  2075, the ``School-Based Health Centers Reauthorization Act,'' which  reauthorizes school-based health centers through Fiscal Year 2024 as  well as make technical changes that allow more health centers, that  serve medically underserved children and adolescents, to quality for  funding.   First and foremost, I would like to thank Representatives Sarbanes,  Tonko, Stefanik, and Upton for their leadership on this key piece of  legislation.   In 2014, the authorization for school-based health centers lapsed.   By passing H.R. 2075, Congress would rectify this issue and help  deliver primary care, including dental screenings and mental health  services, to millions of American students.   These health centers are a powerful tool for achieving health equity  among children and adolescents who unjustly experience disparities in  outcomes because of their race and family income.   Improved access to school-based health centers is tied to reducing  negative health outcomes, such as asthma morbidity and the rate of  hospital admissions as well as increasing positive outcomes like  educational outcomes, school performance, and graduation rates.   Across the United States, there are over 2,500 school-based health  centers and approximately one-third of them are in rural  [[Page H5010]]  areas, which traditionally suffer from limited access to care.   The coronavirus pandemic has shed a light on the current disparities  riddled throughout our health care system.   As an increasing number of students go back to school, schools are on  the front line in terms of managing the pandemic, and school-based  health centers will be at the center of that response, making this  reauthorization more essential than ever.   We must utilize this opportunity to strengthen these programs with  additional federal funding.   I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together and  pass this important legislation.     Madam Speaker, as a cosponsor and senior member of  the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees, I rise in strong  support of H.R. 5469, the ``Pursuing Equity in Mental Health Act of  2019,'' which addresses mental health issues for youth, particularly  youth of color.   According to Mental Health America, Black and African American  teenagers are more likely to attempt suicide than White teenagers, and  suicidal thoughts, plans, and attempts have been rising in recent  years.  [[Page H5014]]    Furthermore, in the United States, over seven million people who  identify as Black or African American reported having a mental illness  in the past year.   This legislation will combat the issue of suicide and mental health  in youth from all communities by focusing on a few key areas: support  in schools, scientific research, and increase funding in existing  programs.   Specifically, the bill provides $250 million to schools across the  country, so they can have more culturally and linguistically  appropriate mental health services.   The bill stipulates that priority will be given to schools with  higher levels of poverty, to reducing the ratio of counselors to  students and to helping more students of color.   These grants will also provide training for teachers and other school  staff, so they can better identify the signs of trauma, mental health  disorders, and risk of suicide in all students.   Additionally, H.R. 5469 provides $20 million to establish  interprofessional health care teams that can provide behavioral health  care.   Madam Speaker, I am particularly supportive of this bill's efforts to  develop cultural competency educational curricula so that students who  are training to be social workers, psychologists, psychiatrists, and  therapists will be able to properly treat youth of color.   This is imperative as we look to improve support for mental health  for future generations.   Furthermore, the bill directs the Department of Health and Human  Services (HHS) to establish a Commission on the Effects of Smartphone  and Social Media Usage on Adolescents as well as prohibits federal  funds from being used for conversion therapy and prohibits SAMHSA  grants from going to states that continue to allow such practices.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Congresswoman Bonnie Watson  Coleman for her leadership on this key piece of legislation.   I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together and  pass this important legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4439, the  ``Creating Hope Reauthorization Act,'' which amends the Federal Food,  Drug, and Cosmetic Act to make permanent the authority of the Secretary  of Health and Human Services to issue priority review vouchers to  encourage treatments for rare pediatric diseases.   Under Section 529 to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FD&C  Act), FDA will award priority review vouchers to sponsors of rare  pediatric disease product applications that meet certain criteria.   By definition, rare diseases do not affect much of the population, so  there is little financial gain for pharmaceutical companies.   The U.S. government has created the Orphan Drug Act and the rare  pediatric disease priority review voucher programs to add financial  incentives for development of medicines, which is making the  development of drugs for rare diseases more common.   However, many of the drugs for rare diseases are approved for adults.   Physicians sometimes have no choice but to prescribe offlabel use of  such drugs for children.   Drugs for rare diseases, whether approved for pediatric patients or  being used off label, often come in formats that are inappropriate for  children.   Most young children have trouble swallowing tablets or capsules, and  many children are sensitive to bitter-tasting drugs.   Sometimes, however, such formats are all that is available, which can  lead to difficulty in effectively treating young patients.   This is why H.R. 4439, the ``Creating Hope Reauthorization Act'' is  needed.   Under this program reinstated by this bill, a sponsor who receives an  approval for a drug or biologic for a ``rare pediatric disease'' may  qualify for a voucher that can be redeemed to receive a priority review  of a subsequent marketing application for a different product.   Without the passage of this bill, according to the current statutory  sunset provisions for the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review  Voucher Program, after September 30, 2020, which means the FDA may only  award a voucher for an approved rare pediatric disease product  application if the sponsor has rare pediatric disease designation for  the drug, and that designation was granted by September 30, 2020.   Further, without this bill after September 30, 2022, FDA may not  award any rare pediatric disease priority review vouchers.   Enactment of this bill will mean that requests for rare pediatric  disease designation submitted within two weeks of a request for fast  track designation or orphan drug designation are entitled to a 60-day  review.   Requests for rare pediatric disease designation not submitted with a  request for fast track designation or orphan drug designation are  reviewed in a timely manner, however, the 60-day response time does not  apply.   It is important for us to act today, because Friday, July 31, 2020,  is the last business day that is not less than 60 days prior to  September 30, 2020.   The Offices of Orphan Products Development and Pediatric.  Therapeutics will continue to review all rare pediatric disease  designation requests, but they cannot commit to providing a response to  requests received after July 31, 2020.   Pediatric rare diseases have received increased attention in recent  years due to greater public awareness, significantly improved  understanding and treatment.   Rare diseases can be difficult to diagnose in children, and many  physicians do not have the proper training and knowledge to diagnose  such diseases.   According to a 2014 Medscape Multispecialty article, the average  patient with a rare disease sees 7.3 physicians before diagnosis,  [[Page H5025]]  and 70 percent of physicians believe additional training in rare  diseases would be helpful.   A rare disease can spread and worsen during the lengthy time before  diagnosis and the start of the proper treatment.   I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill.   