 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 266, the  Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act. This  interim legislation is critical to support our small businesses and  healthcare systems, but we must do much more to support families,  communities, and our economy.   In the wake of the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic, Congress acted  swiftly to provide funding for hospitals and healthcare facilities,  schools, states and localities, and small businesses. Unfortunately,  the funding was not sufficient to meet the need and too many small  businesses are left wondering if they can survive. I have heard from  small business owners from across Northwest Oregon who were unable to  access the Paycheck Protection Program and Economic Injury Disaster  Loan and Grant funding. They described their frustration as the money  was quickly exhausted; a significant amount going to large restaurant  chains while small mom and pop businesses were left out. The pandemic  continues to ravage communities and our economy remains largely shut  down through no fault of the small business owners and workers who need  our help in this unprecedented time. The bill before us today will  provide the assistance those businesses need. The bill includes $310  billion in additional funding for the Paycheck Protection Program, with  $60 billion of that funding dedicated for lending by community-based  and small- and mid-sized lenders, including credit unions, community  banks,  [[Page H1948]]  and other institutions that are prepared to lend to that small  businesses that have traditionally been overlooked, such as minority- owned businesses, businesses owned by women and veterans, and small  businesses in our rural communities. We must make sure this money gets  to mom and pop businesses.   The bill also bolsters the Economic Injury Disaster Loan and Grant  programs by providing $60 billion in funding, and expanding the program  so farmers and many agricultural enterprises are eligible. The programs  provide funding for small businesses to cover operating expenses, but  were similarly underfunded for the demand.   H.R. 266 also provides $75 billion in much-needed funding for our  hospitals and healthcare facilities. We know that these facilities are  operating without the resources they need, and are unable to cover  expenses because they can't perform elective procedures during stay  home orders. The bill also includes $25 billion to expand testing,  including funding for states and localities, the Centers for Disease  Control, the National Institutes of Health, the Biomedical Advanced  Research and Development Authority, and the Food and Drug  Administration. We need to vastly expand testing capabilities if we are  going to be able to get a handle on this pandemic, so I am thankful  that this funding was included.   The funding included in this bill is critical to help our country,  but we must do so much more to support workers, small businesses, and  communities. Our work is far from done. I am continuing to fight for  robust child care support, increased funding and capabilities for the  Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, funding for workers and our  workforce system through the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act,  and expanded access to capital through our credit unions to make it  easier for them to lend to small businesses. I am also fighting to make  sure that our state and local governments receive more funding,  students and teachers have the resources they need, that people receive  additional economic impact payments, and that our immigrant community  is included in future relief efforts. I'm also advocating for workplace  protection standards and essential pay for frontline workers during  this pandemic. I am extremely disappointed that this bill doesn't  recognize the increased number of people who are now food insecure and  lack additional SNAP benefits that individuals and families desperately  need. As we move forward, I will continue to fight for robust  legislation to help individuals, families, and our communities and  small businesses around the country.   