 Mr. President, I rise to give my final speech on the  Senate floor, with a heart of gratitude. Serving and fighting for  Arizona as a U.S. Senator has been the opportunity of a lifetime.   Many times in the last 2 years, I had to pinch myself that this  middle-class veteran became one of only 1,984 Americans to serve in the  U.S. Senate and only 677 to serve in both Chambers of Congress since  our Nation was formed.   Like most Americans, on my life's journey, I have overcome adversity  which could have crushed me but, by the grace of God, gave me a purpose  to fight for others. When I was just 12 years old, my dad died  unexpectedly of a heart attack. I learned at that early age to treat  each day of this life as a gift. I was reminded of that lesson again  this year when my 58-year-old brother Martin passed away. Though it  wasn't from COVID, this type of deep grief--unexpectedly losing a  family member--is one too many of us have faced in 2020. We have been  reminded once again that every moment, every day, every chapter of our  lives is truly a gift.   As it has been for most chapters of my life, I didn't come here in a  traditional or easy way.   I want to first thank Governor Doug Ducey for the blessing to serve  the great State of Arizona, especially during these times of  unprecedented challenges.   Accepting the Governor's appointment to be a Member of the world's  most prestigious and powerful governing body was, like most missions in  my life, a high-risk, high-purpose endeavor. Becoming a U.S. Senator  was the ultimate expression of one of my life's principles: Do things  afraid. I took on the mission with my eyes wide open. I gave it my all,  and I left it all on the field in my fight for the Grand Canyon State.   When I gave my maiden speech on this floor, I shared my approach to  service, which was forged through 26 years in uniform: Honor your oath.  Live up to your calling. Don't walk by a problem. To paraphrase  renowned fighter pilot John Boyd, choose to ``do something'' instead of  trying to ``be somebody.''   As I make the trip back home from DC to Arizona for the last time and  close out this 9-year chapter of my life, I do so with gratitude, with  joy, with no regrets, and with the pride of having represented the most  optimistic, resilient, and gritty people on the face of the Earth.   While my name is on the door of our office here, this has always been  a team effort. None of what we have achieved would have been possible  without an exceptionally talented, selfless, and committed staff, many  of whom are here today. I am so thankful for my team of professionals  in DC and Arizona, who truly embody our core values of integrity,  service, excellence, teamwork, and a ``make it happen'' mindset.   I especially want to thank those who have been with me for all 6  years of my time in the House and Senate: my chief of staff, Justin  Roth, whom I trust completely as my closest wingman to lead our amazing  team through thick and thin; my legislative director, Pace McMullan,  who drives our legislative success and embodies the young, brilliant  talent making a difference on the Hill; my deputy State director, C.J.  Karamargin, who took a risk to join our team first in the House and  built strong relationships across southern Arizona; and Rosa Ruiz, who  has been a tireless case worker to help so many Arizonans left behind  by Federal agencies. They welcomed our larger team in the Senate to  serve the whole State.   Of that incredible group, I want to recognize my deputy chief of  staff and State director, Tanya Wheeless, who brought a wealth of  experience, maturity, and relationships to lead and mentor our Arizona  team, and Alana Wilson, my director of scheduling--really, my director  of everything--who has extraordinary capacity and maturity beyond her  years, and I absolutely could not function without her on so many  levels.   This institution could not operate and the people of all 50 States  would not be served without the intelligent, hard-charging, often young  men and women who choose to work on the Hill in staff positions. They  don't do it for the pay, and they could make much more and work fewer  hours in other fields, but they choose these behind-the-scenes,  unglamorous jobs to be a part of keeping our constitutional Republic  strong. I am so proud and thankful for Team McSally and the profound  and lasting impact they have made for others.   Together as a team, we intervened on behalf of over 7,800 Arizonans  who were getting the runaround from Federal bureaucracies in the last 2  years alone. We secured nearly $7 million of benefits they deserved.   To my fellow Arizonans, it was an honor to be your voice and fighter  on your behalf.   We crafted a legislative agenda that fought for freedom, opportunity,  and security for Americans and Arizonans--the very principles for which  I and my fellow veterans put our lives on the line. We played a key  role in creating a strong economy so everyone has the opportunity to  realize the American dream; rebuilding our military; standing up to  China; securing our border; and transforming the judiciary back to its  constitutional role for generations to come. This includes the historic  opportunity to confirm a pioneering Justice, Amy Coney Barrett, to the  Supreme Court.   We worked together in this Chamber to quickly deliver relief during  this first-in-a-century pandemic, saving lives, jobs, and small  businesses. My thanks to President Trump, Vice President Pence,  Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and all of my colleagues who  demonstrated leadership and commitment to these important missions.   We saved the mighty A-10 Warthog from being mothballed--again. I  stood in the gap to ensure due process for a brilliant senior military  leader to continue to serve our Nation, and I told the whole world in a  Senate Armed Services Committee hearing that, as a fighter pilot,  retired colonel, and U.S. Senator, I, too, am a survivor of sexual  assault. My path of healing, of finding my voice and strength to not be  held down or held back, was not easy, but I can truly say, like Joseph  in the Old Testament: What others intended for evil, God used for good.  I am grateful to God for giving me the courage to tell my story, and I  am blessed to be a Senator, not only to lead on reforms that were  signed into law but also to use my platform to be an example of hope  and healing for others.   During my time serving in the Air Force, I developed a commonsense  approach to solving problems that I took with me when I deployed here  to DC. This approach, despite the division, obstruction, and  dysfunction here in Congress, drove me to tirelessly seek common  ground, to find pragmatic solutions that have made a real, tangible  difference in people's lives. We know where we disagree--the lines are  very bright--but I am proud to say my team always looked for where the  Venn diagram overlapped to solve problems and get something  accomplished, and it worked. We tied for the most bills signed into law  in my first year in the Senate, and I am proud to say I will leave this  body ranked as the sixth most bipartisan Senator--because I joined with  many in this Chamber, on both sides of the aisle, to find common ground  for the common good.    As one of the few combat veterans in the Senate, I was uniquely  honored to fight for our military heroes, their families, and veterans.  Too often, our men and women in uniform come home with the invisible  wounds of war. The legislation that my team and I crafted and  successfully got across the finish line gives them the lifesaving  treatment they earned and deserve, allowing them to heal and reach  their full, God-given potential. Those who sacrifice life and limb for  this country--who bear the scars of battle, both seen and unseen, who  ran toward the sound of the guns in godforsaken lands--are the heroes  we can never forget and to whom we owe a profound debt. My deepest hope  is that the work we did to fight for our veterans is a cornerstone of  the legacy we leave here in the Senate.   Over these last few years, I have met so many inspiring Arizonans as  I have traveled through all 15 counties and engaged with people from  myriad backgrounds and experiences. It was an honor of a lifetime to  meet four Navajo Code Talkers when attending National Navajo Code  Talkers Day on the Navajo Nation; to visit with World War II  [[Page S7061]]  vets like George Cross while participating in the 75th anniversary of  D-Day in Normandy; to connect with and encourage Arizona sailors  patrolling the Straits of Hormuz during heightened tensions with Iran;  to secure, then pin an overdue Purple Heart on Iraq war veteran Michael  Letcher; and to tour the border with the Ladd family and other  ranchers--hard-working, patriotic people whom I never would have met  had I not served in Congress.   Over the last several, challenging months, I have been so inspired  and proud to witness Arizonans stepping up to help each other get  through this pandemic. Our small business owners and universities found  innovative ways to make PPE for our frontline healthcare heroes. We  delivered meals to doctors and nurses with church congregations and  packed up food boxes with the National Guard at local food banks.   Even in the midst of such unprecedented challenges, I, like many  other Arizonans, took in the beauty of our great landscapes by hiking  sections of the Arizona trail. On a day-long trek to the bottom of the  Grand Canyon and back with a dear friend, we were joined for part of  the hike by the park's new superintendent. We saw firsthand the  benefits the Great American Outdoors Act would bring to this national  treasure and crowning jewel of our State--legislation we championed in  this very room.   I also went on ride-alongs with Border Patrol and local law  enforcement to experience the challenges they face in keeping our  communities safe and learn how to best support these heroes.   I will miss these life-changing opportunities, but I will always  carry with me the time I had and lessons I learned from Arizona's  amazing unsung heroes.   As we approach the end of a year that has tested our country, I look  forward to spending time, as I do every year, in prayer, thought, and  writing for the year ahead. Sometimes I feel the Lord presses a few  words on my heart--words that are important to keep strong and guide my  spirit for the next year. At the end of last year, three words stuck  out during my time of reflection for 2020. I put these words on sticky  notes on my bathroom mirror to serve as daily reminders: peace, joy,  and gratitude.   In the most difficult year in modern history, I have known a peace  that surpasses all understanding, a joy that can only come from a  loving Creator, and a gratitude that even on the most difficult days,  an almighty God put me on this Earth and in this Chamber to stand in  the breach during this moment in our Nation's history.   Standing up for what is right during challenging times is the  founding ethos of our great country.   Early in my time in the military, a mentor pointed me to the Book of  Esther for guidance as I navigated whether to risk my career to stand  up for what was right. I have carried the lesson of Esther 4:14 as my  life's scripture ever since: Can it be that you were put in this  position for such a time as this?   I was honored to serve with each of you in this Chamber for such a  time as this. We experience this gift of life in seasons, and while  this season is one filled with tumult and challenges, I know we will  get through it as Americans always do--together.   When I was appointed to the Senate, I thought of this season in my  life and decided, if this is the last 2 years of my life, I want to  make it count for others. Today represents a change in seasons for me.  I don't yet have clarity on what my next mission will be, but I do know  who is the author and finisher of my faith and that He created each of  us with a purpose. We live up to that purpose when we live, as John  McCain exhorted to us, for causes greater than oneself.   This mentality was encapsulated by Teddy Roosevelt in a famous speech  more than 100 years ago, one I trust we all know well. I came across  his ``man in the arena'' passage when I was just a teenage cadet in the  Air Force Academy, and it spoke to my purpose-driven spirit, so I cut  it out and put it on my bulletin board. The same yellowed, torn paper  is on my refrigerator today, more than 30 years later.   We can truly say in this short season that we were daring in all we  did to advance worthy causes, and our place shall never be with those  timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.   It has been a true honor, Arizona. We are an extraordinary State with  extraordinary people. I know our future is blessed and bright just like  our State motto: ``God enriches.'' I have been enriched by the  privilege to fight for you and serve you these past 6 years--2 here in  the Senate.   I wish my successor, Mark Kelly, all the best as he represents our  incredible State in this hallowed Chamber.   Let me close with the words of Apostle Paul, which I hope and pray  will be said about my life in my final days whenever they come. He  wrote: ``I have fought the good fight. I have finished the race. I have  kept the faith.''   May God continue to bless America and Arizona. May we all finish the  race and keep the faith.   I yield the floor for the final time.   (Applause, Senators rising.)   