 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my  legislation, aptly called the Ensuring Children and Child Care Workers  Are Safe Act. I introduced this commonsense bipartisan bill to help  ensure our childcare providers have the information and resources they  need to provide a safe environment both for the kids they serve and  also their caregivers they employ amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.   You see, parent and childcare providers were having a tough time even  [[Page H4446]]  before this pandemic hit our country. In my district, for example,  parents can't find enough people to provide quality and affordable  childcare, and there is an overwhelming demand and just not enough care  available. This is an industry struggling with a shrinking workforce,  low wages, and razor-thin margins.   And for myself personally, growing up in Iowa, I went to college in  Iowa; and I saw, after college and even after high school, a lot of my  friends move away and go to States where they could make more money and  pay off their student loan debt.   Right now they are in their thirties, around my age, getting married,  wanting to have kids, wanting to move back home, and one of the  barriers to doing it is access to childcare.   So, again, this has been an issue that we have dealt with for a long  time, before this pandemic even hit. But now, on top of everything, we  are asking our childcare providers to keep our kids safe during this  pandemic. In my State, cases continue to rise, but many folks have no  choice but to return to work.   Right now, I am worried that we are headed in the wrong direction.  Roughly 60 percent of childcare providers have actually closed their  doors because of the pandemic, and there is a chance that up to half of  those closures will actually be permanent.   Earlier this year, we passed legislation to create a $50 billion  childcare stabilization fund, which passed with bipartisan support.  This will help address some of the intense financial pressure facing  our providers right now, but the problem is still more complicated. We  must give the providers the guidance and also the support that they  need to protect the health and safety of our children, families, and  frontline workers.   That is where the Ensuring Children and Child Care Workers Are Safe  Act comes in. We want to make sure childcare providers are equipped to  keep kids safe and prevent the spread of COVID-19. We are going to do  that by ensuring there is practical safety guidance and technical  assistance from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.   We also want to make sure that this guidance actually reaches  childcare providers and that providers get the help they need in  implementing best practices. That is why our bill would also create  grants so States can reach out to providers and provide the technical  support they need to succeed.   This bill recognizes the unprecedented demands being put on our  childcare providers. We simply cannot expect them to do this alone when  they are already up against so much.   When it comes to addressing the childcare crisis which existed,  again, well before COVID-19 hit our country, I am happy to say that I  have found many partners on both sides of the aisle who are willing to  tackle this issue for hardworking families.   Thank you to the great group of bipartisan colleagues who are joining  me in tackling this problem and who worked with me to craft this bill.  This includes my colead, Congressman Brett Guthrie of Kentucky.   There is an understanding here that if parents don't have access to  quality and affordable childcare, then they will start passing up  economic opportunities. Sometimes it is turning down a promotion or, in  other cases, that means leaving the workforce altogether. We see this  far too often, especially in rural districts like mine.   It is clear that the childcare industry is critical to recovering  from this pandemic and the economic situation it created. Providing  help and technical assistance now will take a burden off our providers  amid the many challenges, again, that they face during the pandemic.   This bipartisan bill before you today is common sense, and it is  something that folks across the country are asking for. So I urge you  to vote ``yes'' on the Ensuring Children and Child Care Workers Are  Safe Act.   