 Madam Speaker, COVID-19 weighs heavily on our  communities. The pandemic has increased isolation, anxiety, and  economic stress for millions of Americans, and we have seen a sharp  increase in overdoses across the country.   The Overdose Detection Mapping Application Program tracks overdoses  and has documented a 42 percent increase in suspected overdoses  compared to the data from May 2019. In New Jersey, State health  officials say there has been a 20 percent increase in overdose deaths  since May.   The Mental and Substance Use Disorder Workforce Training program is  critical to ensuring the necessary resources and training for medical  practitioners and mental health professionals. This program makes  grants to institutions, including medical schools and federally- qualified health centers, to support training for medical residents and  fellows in psychiatry and addiction medicine, as well as nurse  practitioners, physician assistants, and others to provide substance  use treatment in underserved communities.   My amendment highlights the critical nature of these programs, and I  applaud the committee for increasing funding for this training to  support the mental and physical health of Americans.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak about an issue critical to the  residents of New Jersey.   I applaud Chairwoman Lowey, Chairman Price, and the Appropriations  Committee for this important legislation, which includes significant  new investments in transit to modernize our crumbling bridges and  tunnels and will jump-start our economy, create jobs, and improve the  quality of life for New Jersey commuters.   My amendment demonstrates the strong support this bill provides for  the Gateway tunnel project and other important rail projects throughout  the Nation.   Of great importance to New Jersey is this legislation's focus on new  rail infrastructure investment, including renewed funding for Amtrak's  Northeast Corridor, the Capital Investment Grants program, and the  State of Good Repair Grants program.   The Nation's most critical surface infrastructure project is the  Gateway tunnel project. A failure of the current Hudson River tunnels  could send the Nation into an even greater recession and cost the  economy an estimated $100 million a day.   A planned, partial closure of the existing Hudson River tunnel could  wipe out $22 billion in property values in New Jersey alone.   New Jersey and the Nation need funding to build Gateway and  revitalize the similarly outdated transportation infrastructure across  the country.   In May of 2019, I testified in front of the House Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee about the desperate need for a dedicated  source of passenger rail capital funding that could be used to expedite  the funding process for large projects like Gateway.   One program that can fill this important role is the Federal Railroad  Administration's Northeast Corridor grant program for Amtrak, which  provides funding for capital projects to expand passenger rail capacity  and reliability along the most heavily used rail line in the Nation.  This legislation provides almost $1.2 billion for this program, a  significant step in expediting funding for the Gateway project.   Another important program for this task is the Federal Safe  Partnership for State of Good Repair program, which provides funding to  rehabilitate rail infrastructure and improve passenger rail  performance.   A critical barrier to moving the Gateway project forward has been the  administration's flawed interpretation of State of Good Repair funding  as only being available to infrastructure projects in the construction  phase. That is in spite of the fact that the FAST Act of 2015, which  created the program, intended the funding to also go toward projects in  the planning and review phases.   I sent a letter to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee  last year, urging that their surface transportation bill include  language that explicitly allows projects in the design, planning, and  review stages to be eligible for State of Good Repair grants. I was  greatly pleased to see this exact language included in this  legislation. It is an important step that will help expedite the  funding that is available for Gateway.   It is concerning that even when the administration has approved  grants for Gateway, it has slow-walked that process and continuously  made grant awards months after they were expected. As a result, the  entire process for utilizing those funds to conduct planning, reviews,  and construction has been delayed for long periods.   This legislation requires that for both the State of Good Repair  program  [[Page H4174]]  and the Consolidated Rail Infrastructure and Safety Improvements  program, the Department of Transportation issue notices about the  availability of funds and provide those funds within a set period of  time after this bill goes into effect, which will stop DOT from slow- walking this important process.   Finally, the Federal Transit Administration currently requires that a  project receive a medium or higher rating before it finalizes an  environmental impact statement that is critical for that project to  move forward but often then refuses to grant Gateway projects that  rating. This bill prohibits the FTA from making this requirement for  the environmental impact statement.   We have a tremendous opportunity to green-light funding for the  critical rail projects of the future with smart investments now.   I thank Chairwoman Lowey and the committee for the great work they  have done with this legislation, and I hope we can pass this bill that  is so important for the residents of New Jersey and the Nation.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   