 Mr. President, this is Holly Durben from Shenandoah, IA.  Holly was someone who loved animals and loved nature. She was a people  person. The thing that she loved most in the world was her family.   But tragically, Holly took her last breath on the morning of July 18,  2009. Brian Davis murdered her in a small farmhouse just south of  Shenandoah. Holly is one of the hundreds of women murdered annually by  a current or former intimate partner--nearly three women a day.   Americans are being devastated by a wave of violent crime. Night  after night, folks turn on their local news and hear of yet another  tragic story of murder, of rape, and violent crimes of all natures that  are ravaging their community.   In October, the United States recorded its highest spike in homicides  in modern history. Last year the murder rate in this country rose by 30  percent. These murders are not being committed by law-abiding citizens.  They are being committed by extremely dangerous and violent criminals,  like Brian Davis.   The reality is victims like Holly Durben and violent criminals like  Brian Davis have been locked in homes together for nearly 2 years  during this pandemic. Violent convicted criminals like Brian Davis, who  murdered Holly, his fiancee, should not have access to firearms.   Law-abiding Americans need the ability to protect themselves from  violent criminals like Brian Davis. Iowans are common sense. We are  pragmatic. We take our Second Amendment rights incredibly serious. We  value the safety of our communities, and we think it is right to punish  violent criminals when they break the law and are convicted.   This isn't some crazy idea. Under current Federal law which has been  on the books for decades and in State codes all across the country,  there are violent crimes that result in consequences like the inability  to possess a firearm. For example, someone convicted of a felony  forfeits many of their rights. Felons can't be on a jury. They can't  work for the Federal Government or serve in the military.   Felons, like murderers and drug kingpins, lose these rights when they  commit and are convicted of their crimes. A fugitive from justice is  not permitted to have a firearm; the same for those who are in this  country illegally.   Under current law--current law--individuals who have been convicted  of a misdemeanor domestic-violence crime are also on this list. As of  today, if two individuals are married, the convicted abuser is held  accountable, and that makes sense. But if they are not married, the  convicted violent abuser is not held accountable.   I believe we need to get tough on crime, and I believe law-abiding  gun owners in this country agree with me. Brian Davis, a violent,  convicted criminal is not law abiding.   I want to be crystal clear about a few things. One, what we are  talking about  [[Page S9232]]  here depends on a conviction--a conviction of domestic violence. That  is a guilty verdict after a just trial, an adjudicated-fairly trial.  Due process is completely intact, fully present, and I will not be  compromised on that, I can promise you.   Two, domestic violence does not mean emotional distress. Domestic  violence does not mean a verbal argument. Domestic violence means a  violent crime.   Three, not a single innocent or law-abiding gun owner will or should  be impacted. Today there are women trapped in relationships with  violent criminals, our daughters and mothers, our friends, and our  neighbors.   Convicted violent criminals have proven themselves to be unfit to  fully participate in our society. We can't choose to just protect women  with a ring on their finger from violent abusers. We must hold violent  criminals accountable. Let's protect our daughters and punish the  criminals.   Speaking from personal experience, domestic violence is a crime worth  being tough on.   I yield the floor.   