 Mr. Speaker, I support the bipartisan agreement reached  on the Senate Amendment to H.R. 266, the Paycheck Protection Program  and Health Care Enhancement Act.   Many California small businesses were unable to access the first  round of loans made through the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP)  established under the CARES Act (H.R. 748) because the initial round of  funds was insufficient to meet the dire needs of our community during  this time. Even more concerning, the Administration's bungled rollout  of PPP has sown frustration and confusion at every point of the  application process, denying many Santa Clara County small businesses a  lifeline. I outlined my concerns regarding these flaws in my testimony  to the House Small Business Committee on Thursday, April 23, 2020.   This bill will provide $310 billion in additional funding for PPP.  More importantly, it will reserve $60 billion for small- and medium- sized banks, credit unions, and community-based lenders to ensure our  relief efforts are reaching all communities. It also adds $10 billion  to Emergency Economic Injury Disaster Grants and $50 billion to the  Disaster Loans Program for our small businesses.   Our hospitals, health centers, and county health officials need the  additional $75 billion in assistance to maintain necessary resources  and procure more protective personal equipment for our healthcare  workers who continue to give and risk so much.   Additionally, the nation needs the $25 billion for testing to  guarantee a science-based transition for when communities are ready to  reopen. A nationwide strategy with a focus on increasing domestic  testing capacity will be critical for reopening the economy and for  preventing a second outbreak.   Four bills and $2 trillion in emergency relief later, more is still  needed. Specifically, we must provide additional direct funding for  state and local governments and perform robust oversight on the  allocation of funds for pandemic relief to prevent fraud and abuse.  State and local governments need and deserve federal assistance. In  CARES 2, we must make whole the state and local governments on the  frontlines of this crisis and ensure our state, county, and city  officials are equipped to preserve the health and safety of our  community.   I will continue to work with my colleagues in the House and Senate to  address specific community needs in any future legislation.   