 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6800, the Health  and Economic Recovery Omnibus Emergency Solutions (HEROES) Act. Once  again the Democratic House is leading the way by advancing a historic  legislative package to support our nation's heroes and every day  Americans who are essential to meet the challenges of COVID-19.   Since the first coronavirus death in the U.S. in February, over  80,000 Americans have lost their lives to COVID-19, more than 1.4  million Americans have been infected, and 36 million Americans have  filed for unemployment. Workers, families, health care providers and  students are all hurting because their financial wellbeing, employment  status and health are being tested by the coronavirus.   The HEROES Act builds on the critical investments Congress made since  this public health and economic emergency began. We passed a bipartisan  $8.3 billion funding package on March 4th to strengthen our nation's  public health response to the coronavirus. A week later we passed the  bipartisan Families First Act, which provided tens of billions of  dollars to help working families and provide free coronavirus testing  to anyone who needed one. At the end of March, we passed the largest  aid package in American history, the bipartisan CARES Act, to fund  health care providers; provide an additional $600 per week in  Unemployment Insurance; and funding for small businesses to retain  their employees. On April 4th we replenished the Paycheck Protection  Program and advanced a national testing strategy.   The HEROES Act goes further than any legislation passed to date by  providing desperately needed financial support to families, workers,  and those who are risking their lives to perform essential jobs. It  includes support for states, tribes, and local governments who are  working to contain the pandemic, and the legislation guarantees that no  American will go bankrupt paying for treatment related to COVID-19. It  mandates workplace standards and protections for front line health care  workers, and it protects our most vulnerable in nursing homes by  creating a 'strike force' to manage infection and reduce the spread of  COVID-19. Importantly, the bill also funds the U.S. Postal Service and  requires all states to provide no-excuse voting by mail for November's  election. As we work to provide health care resources, we must protect  constitutionally mandated elections and the health of our democracy.   Specifically, the HEROES Act includes:   An additional round of $1,200 stimulus payments to every American  making less than $75,000.   A Heroes' Fund for essential workers, with $200 billion to ensure  that those who risk their lives for others during the pandemic receive  hazard pay.   $4.5 billion for research and development of vaccines and  therapeutics, with a focus on improving our nation's domestic  manufacturing capacity.   $75 billion for testing, contact tracing and other COVID-19  monitoring and suppressing activities.   An additional $100 billion for health care providers who have lost  revenue or experienced increases in costs related to COVID-19.   $500 billion to states to cover lost revenues due to the pandemic.  The State of California is projected to receive more than $47 billion,  and local governments will receive $375 billion to cover lost revenues  due to the pandemic in two installments. This funding will be a  lifeline to local governments providing critical services including  much of the social safety net.   An increase to the minimum and maximum SNAP benefits. The bill  rescinds work requirements and Trump Administration regulations that  limit eligibility for SNAP.   I'm especially proud that the HEROES Act includes many of my  legislative priorities. The legislation requires the FDA to report  foreign drug manufacturing sites and the volume of drugs manufactured  overseas, and it authorizes the National Academies of Sciences,  Engineering, and Medicine to convene a commission to report to Congress  in 90 days on how to best bring the manufacturing of critical drugs and  devices back to the U.S. Legislation I authored to allow the Strategic  National Stockpile to sell soon-to-be expired products to other  governmental agencies and an expansion of the Federal Communication  Commission's telehealth program are also included. The HEROES Act also  includes a study on the short and long-term health impacts of COVID-19  because we have much more to learn about the effects of this novel  virus on the human body.   The HEROES Act will not be the last legislation to address the public  health and economic disaster wrought by coronavirus, but it's essential  for the House to move expeditiously to stabilize our cascading economy,  protect front line workers, help struggling families, and assist our  state and local governments, and our health care providers so they can  continue their heroic work.   I'm proud to support this legislation to help the American people in  one of our nation's most crucial hours of need and I urge my colleagues  to vote for the HEROES Act.   