 Madam Speaker, the Republicans' refusal to  negotiate bipartisan spending bills has us standing on another shutdown  cliff and, once more, relying on another Band-Aid funding bill. It is  the same place we were 2 months ago when Congress voted to provide 2  more months for earnest negotiations. Since then, House and Senate  Democrats put forth proposals, and Republicans put nothing on the  table.  [[Page H6880]]    As anyone who figures out their household bills every week knows, a  table full of nothing doesn't keep the lights on, doesn't put groceries  on the table. Nothing isn't going to put food in the refrigerator, and  it certainly doesn't pay the phone bill or buy anyone's prescriptions.  But that is what Republicans came up with in the last 2 months:  absolutely nothing.   It looks a lot like the solutions Republicans put forward to solve  all of the problems American families face: nothing. They have no plan.   So as responsible stewards, Democrats on the Appropriations Committee  crafted yet another extension to maintain funding levels through  February and ensure that our most urgent needs can be met.   But working families, small businesses, and veterans can't live on  temporary patches. They need the certainty that comes with passing a  full appropriations package to create jobs, prevent future pandemics,  and keep schools safe. We need an omnibus budget to safeguard our air,  our food, and our water.   As chair of the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans'  Affairs, I know veterans need an omnibus to get their earned benefits,  to slash the claims backlogs they face, and to fully meet their VA  healthcare needs.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this continuing resolution because it will  keep the government open and extend funding for critical education,  health, housing, and public safety programs. These are programs and  services that every community, red or blue, relies on every day.    Madam Speaker, Republicans' refusal to put the  American people first and faithfully negotiate leaves every parent and  mom-and-pop shop less secure.   Let's get serious about governing.   I say to my Republican colleagues: It is time to show up for work and  stop worshipping at the altar of Donald Trump for 5 minutes, long  enough to do your job.   Let's stop this legislative brinksmanship and immediately begin to  negotiate the FY 2022 bills so we can meet our country's needs.   