 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her and the  committee's leadership on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise today in support of the  Comprehensive Debt Collection Improvement Act, critical legislation  that would enhance debt collection protections for consumers, students,  servicemembers, and small businesses.   This pandemic has devastated Black and Brown communities, like mine  in St. Louis. As someone who was uninsured during this pandemic, got  sick, and is still struggling with those medical bills, I know the  hardship faced every day by people across this country.   My amendment to this bill would require the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau to present a report to Congress that analyzes debt  collection practices using consumer complaint data. Debt collectors  should not be able to call, email, text you to the point of harassment.  Your medical debt should not be reported on your credit, especially in  the wake of a global pandemic.   The CFPB has an obligation to protect our seniors, protect our  frontline workers, protect our service workers, and protect our  families by developing tools to combat predatory debt collection  practices.    Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise in solidarity with the  Palestinian people and in memory of our brother, Bassem Masri, a  Ferguson activist who was with us on the front lines of our uprising  for justice following the police murder of Michael Brown, Jr.   Bassem was a St. Louis Palestinian. Bassem also lived in Jerusalem,  Palestine. Bassem was one of us. He showed up ready. As a Palestinian,  he was ready to resist, to rebel, to rise up with us as our St. Louis  community mourned Mike Brown, Jr.'s state-sanctioned murder, and as we  demanded an end to the militarized police occupation of our  communities.   Palestinians know what state violence, militarized policing, and  occupation of their communities looks like, and they have lived that  reality of having to go through checkpoints while trying to live their  lives. They know this reality and the reality of so much more.   So when heavily militarized police forces showed up in Ferguson in  2014, Bassem and so many others of our St. Louis Palestinian community,  our Palestinian siblings showed up, too.    I remember sitting in a circle on the grass near where Michael Brown,  Jr., was murdered, and I remember them describing to us what to do when  militarized law enforcement shot us with rubber bullets or when they  tear-gassed us. I remember learning that the same equipment that they  use to brutalize us is the same equipment that we can send to the  Israel military to police and brutalize Palestinians.   I remember Bassem putting his life on the line with us. I remember  him live-streaming for the whole world to see our struggle. I remember  our solidarity. And I remember the harassment, the extortion, the  brutalization he faced for resisting with us.   That harassment, that extortion, that brutalization by heavily-armed  militarized presence in our community, that is what we fund when our  government sends our tax dollars to the Israeli military.   St. Louis sent me here to save lives. Bassem's loved ones in his  community, our St. Louis community, sent me here to save lives. That  means we oppose our money going to fund militarized policing,  occupation and systems of violent oppression and trauma.   We are anti-war. We are anti-occupation. We are anti-apartheid.  Period.   If this body is looking for something productive to do with $3  million, instead of funding a military that polices and kills  Palestinians, I have some communities in St. Louis City and in St.  Louis County where that money can go, where we desperately need  investment, where we are hurting, where we need help. Let us prioritize  funding there. Prioritize funding life, not destruction.   So, today, we remember Bassem. We remember his resistance in the face  of militarized police occupation as a St. Louisan and as a Palestinian.   We lost him to a health crisis, but we remember his words today.  Until all our children are safe, we will continue to fight for our  rights in Palestine and in Ferguson. We stand with you in solidarity.   