 Mr. President, words can't describe the emotions I felt  watching the ruthless Taliban once again seize control of Afghanistan,  the very same country from where terrorists plotted the attacks on  America two decades earlier.   The world watched hopelessly as tens of thousands of people,  including American citizens and our Afghan allies,  [[Page S6529]]  desperately attempted to escape the terror and bleak future certain to  return under the rule of the Taliban.   Through the chaos and the panic, the brave men and women of the U.S.  Armed Forces, who once freed the Nation from the terrorist regime,  stood as protectors at the Kabul airport for those who were desperately  seeking a way out.   Then, on August 26, a terrorist attack at the airport claimed the  lives of 13 of these brave servicemembers who were assisting with the  evacuation, marking one of the deadliest days for U.S. forces during  the 20-year conflict.   Marine Corporal Daegan William-Tyeler Page was one of those killed in  action on that day. Daegan was a young man from Red Oak, IA, who truly  represents the greatness of our State, our country, and the U.S. Marine  Corps in which he proudly served. Daegan may have been just 23 years  old, but he died a hero who lived a life of service to his community  and to his Nation.   Our hearts go out to those to whom he meant the most: his girlfriend,  Jessica; his parents, Wendy and Craig Adelson and Greg and Jenni Page;  his grandparents; and his four siblings, Corey, Garrett, Mason, and  Emerson, to whom Daegan has always been a hero, even before he became a  U.S. marine.   The wounds of war obviously aren't just borne by the warrior. It is  the family of the fallen who will carry the scars for a lifetime. The  hole left in their lives by the loss of Daegan can never, ever be  filled. So let's also keep Daegan's family in our prayers.    Being from Red Oak, IA, I know Daegan's family. I have grown up with  Daegan's family. It was my best friend in Red Oak that texted me after  that explosion at the Kabul airport. She is the one who told me that  Wendy Tye's son Daegan had been killed in this explosion.   So I gave the family time to come together, and that next morning I  called Wendy's mother, Peggy. I love Peggy very much. I love their  entire family very much, and I told her I was so sorry about the loss  of Daegan. And she told me: Joni, just please let everybody know what  an amazing young man that Daegan was.   And he was an extraordinary young man. Before we ended our  conversation, she said: Joni, give that precious Libby of yours a hug  for me, like I used to so many years ago when she was a little girl.   And she said: You never know when you will get that last hug from  someone you love.   And, Peggy, I did. I gave my daughter Libby a hug.   So while Daegan was a tough marine--he really was--again, an amazing  young man. He was fun, loving, and he had a giant heart and a soft spot  for animals. He had three dogs--Shyia, Gracie, and Finn.   Growing up in Red Oak, and then in Omaha, Daegan's commitment to  service began at a young age as a longtime member of the Boy Scouts.   While he was just a child when the terrorists attacked America on  September 11, 2001, after graduating from Millard South High School, he  answered the call to serve his country by joining the U.S. Marine  Corps.   Daegan's family says that he loved the brotherhood of the Marines and  was proud to serve as a member of the 2d Battalion, 1st Marine Regiment  at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, CA.   Daegan was always a dedicated team member. It didn't matter what it  was, but he was dedicated, according to his former hockey teammates  who, together, won the Nebraska State championship tournament. Omaha's  hockey community has fittingly paid tribute to Daegan by placing hockey  sticks on their porches in his memory.   A memorial service to celebrate Daegan's life is being held this  Friday at St. Paul's Lutheran Church in Omaha.   Like his family, teammates, and fellow servicemembers, we mourn the  loss of Daegan, but also honor his heroism and his valor. He has been  awarded the Purple Heart for making that ultimate sacrifice in the line  of duty.   His life in Red Oak, IA, and Omaha, NE, and his death, remind us that  this world is a very dangerous place with many wishing to do the United  States harm. Our protection here at home depends upon the sacrifice and  the service of many heroes, those like Daegan.   Let it not be forgotten that thousands of other lives were rescued  from pending doom because of the bravery of Daegan and the 12 other  servicemembers who lost their lives that day while standing guard to  ensure the safe passage of others out of Afghanistan.   While it is heartbreaking that he was taken from this world too soon,  Daegan will forever have the gratitude of our Nation.   So Wendy and Greg, and to your families, please accept my heartfelt  condolences on the loss of your beautiful son, Daegan. The American  people will never forget him, nor will they ever forget his life of  service.   Semper Fidelis, Daegan, and godspeed.   I yield the floor.   