 Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for anchoring  this extremely important intervention and Special Order Hour.   I wasn't really sure whether or not I would have the strength to  stand before you today because we have had yet another mass shooting  just in the last day. It seems like this is a daily event.   It happened, unfortunately, in my own hometown, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  When these things happen, you try to distance yourself from them. You  say to yourself, you know, it doesn't have an impact on me personally.   But, unfortunately, of the five victims, I knew one of them very  well. I have known him since 1992, an immigrant, who was a father, a  husband, a grandfather, a wonderful person who left the Soviet Union to  come and seek a better life for him and his family, a life of freedom,  only to be met with death.   Mr. Speaker, it has been a year, today, I believe, that we sent H.R.  8 over to Mitch McConnell's graveyard, while our constituents are  planning on putting their loved ones in the grave.   It is Sandy Hook. It is Columbine; Newtown; Oak Creek, which is  adjacent to my district; Florida, the Pulse mass killing; Parkland;  churches, Mother Emanuel Church, the Sikh Temple; movie houses; for  God's sake, an elementary school. There is nowhere to run, nowhere to  hide.   What I have come to learn too quickly is that it will have an impact  on you personally, as it happened to me last night.   Yesterday, my friend went to work, and today his family is gathering  to put him to rest. Of course, my heart aches for them because I knew  them, but I knew all of the victims of gun shootings. And I say: How  long is how long?   It is the reality in this country. I know people make the argument,  Mr. Speaker, that, oh, we need to do something about mental illness.   There is mental illness all over the world, but there are not these  shootings because there is not the easy access to guns. And we ought to  use the tools in our toolkit to be able to vet people before they  receive these guns.   How terrible is my restimulated memory of Zina Daniel, a constituent  of mine who provided services in the spa industry. Her estranged ex- husband put out an ad saying: I need a gun, and I need the gun right  now.   He was sold the gun in a fast-food parking lot--no vetting, no  background check, just sold a gun. All of the indicators were there  that he was up to no good: I want a gun, any kind of gun, any caliber,  and I want it now.   That is how Zina Daniel and her coworkers lost their lives; Zina  Daniel, leaving children on this Earth to be cared for, with no mother.   While I don't know the circumstances of the weapon last night, I can  tell you that we see our citizens with military-type weapons, nothing  that can be justified for the many hunters we have in Wisconsin,  weapons that mutilate people and butcher them and mangle the bodies of  children, disfiguring people so badly that they can't be identified  when their parents show up at the morgue.   There are stories of these AR-15s brutalizing these bodies so  terribly that it is just a second source of trauma for parents to see  their deceased children in this condition, children as young as 6 years  old, barely at the dawn of life, dead from gunfire.   Please do not let their cries go on unheard. We need the Senate to  pass comprehensive gun legislation yesterday because one death is too  many.   I speak for the students who lead protests all over this country  demanding more.   I speak for the moms who diligently march and protest every single  day demanding more.   I speak for all of the citizens in our districts who have wept too  many times.   I speak for those children who don't feel like they will get an  opportunity to grow up and to have a voice, those who cannot vote, and  they are depending on the adults, adults like Mitch McConnell, to act.   I pray that Mitch McConnell does not experience the pain and agony  that I am experiencing today, having to get on that airplane and go and  face my friend since 1992 and her children in the wake of this. I hope  that he will rest tonight, as I will not be able to rest tonight.   Perhaps this is just one person who died, just five people in  Milwaukee who died, but this was a very important person to my friend.  This was a part of our community. This was a part of our commercial  industry. He was a very important part of the MillerCoors family. He  was our neighbor, and he was a human being.   We are calling upon the humanity of you, Senator McConnell, to  explain yourself to this man's wife, to his two daughters, to his  grandchildren why we can't have a sensible background check piece of  legislation.   Someone that I loved very much is on their way to the graveyard.  Please dig up our legislation from your graveyard, Senator McConnell.   