 Mr. Speaker, when the COVID-19 crisis hit, the  National Science Foundation rose to meet the challenge. The agency has  already invested $200 million in research to understand the  coronavirus, understand and model how the virus spreads, and enable  approaches that lessen the harm of COVID-19 to public health, society,  and the economy.   The additional funding provided for in this budget resolution will  enable our Nation's best and brightest researchers to continue to help  us through this crisis and will contribute to better preparedness for  the next one.   Similarly, the National Institute of Standards and Technology reacted  quickly as the pandemic unfolded, asking Manufacturing USA institutes  to submit their best proposals for rapid, high-impact projects to help  with the crisis. Several institutes had already redirected their  efforts, but more funding was needed.  [[Page H293]]    Congress provided $10 billion in the Cares Act. The additional  funding provided for in this resolution will support important  manufacturing innovations across a range of needs, including  therapeutics, accelerating production of critical supplies, and  ensuring supply chains for the pandemic response.   The Science, Space, and Technology Committee, which I chair, held  numerous hearings, briefings, and roundtables last year to discuss the  role of the National Science Foundation, NIST, and other science  agencies in helping the Nation through this pandemic. $750 million  represents just a fraction of what is needed, including to recover all  the science and, more importantly, the talent that is hemorrhaging from  the STEM pipeline as a result of this crisis. I will continue to push  for such funding as part of the stimulus discussions.   Finally, while I do support the entire package, I want to lend my  voice in particular to the support of vaccinations and immunizations,  another topic my committee has spent considerable time on. We will not  begin to move beyond this crisis until we have widespread immunization  and vaccination.   