 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  6395, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. This  legislation authorizes the funding for a national defense strategy that  is built on Democratic principles and advances American values.   As Dean of the Texas Congressional Delegation, I would be remiss if I  did not briefly take a moment to recognize and acknowledge Congressman  Mac Thornberry--a longtime colleague of mine and the namesake for this  bill--for his service to our country. I wish him and his family a  fruitful retirement.   This year's National Defense Authorization Act reflects the  priorities of the American people. As an appointee on the NDAA  conference committee, I was proud to fight for the inclusion of key  bipartisan provisions like a pay raise for our servicemembers, expanded  paid parental leave for civilian DOD employees, and new investments to  combat climate change in the final version of the bill.   The Congressional Black Caucus played a critical role in the shaping  of this legislation. Among the several bold initiatives ushered through  the House, Senate, and conference deliberations by the CBC is the  establishment of a commission to rename military installations that  honor Confederate officers. This proposal, paired with the required  modification or removal of any symbols, monuments, and paraphernalia  that commemorate the Confederacy, is a necessary step in achieving  racial equity in the military.   Mr. Speaker, despite the President's veto threat, I look forward to  the passage and enactment of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of S  1811, the Water Resources Development Act. I would like to thank  Chairman DeFazio and my fellow colleagues on the House Transportation  and Infrastructure Committee, along with my colleagues in the Senate,  for their diligent work to produce this much needed water resources  bill. Everyone is the U.S. is impacted by the need for clean water and  I believe this bill takes a giant step forward to ensuring this becomes  a reality for every American.   Within my district, The City of Dallas is appreciative to the U.S.  Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) for their funding of the Dallas Flood  way, Dallas Flood way Extension flood risk management projects and  Lewisville Dam repairs and their continued efforts to complete these  projects quickly. I look forward to continuing to hear good reports on  the progress of these projects. I am pleased that the Corp is moving  forward with these projects.   Please allow me to note that it is helpful for the Corps to accept  input from non-federal sponsors in the development of WRDA guidance.  The Corps, working with local non-federal sponsors instead of  developing guidance independently, will result in more resilient  projects with multiple benefits. The role of resiliency in the  construction, operation and maintenance of projects carried out by the  U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) must continue to be a priority.   The Dallas area falls within the Southwestern Division of the Army  Corps of Engineers. Flooding and flood control continue to be issues  that are ever-present on the minds of residents along the Trinity  River. I have held several meetings on flooding in the Dallas area to  address this issue and hope to continue to work with the Corp to combat  flooding in Dallas.   Other parts of North Texas have also benefited from projects included  in previous versions of WRDA legislation. The projects addressing pump  stations and levy heights in Dallas, along with bridge projects in Ft.  Worth would not be where they are today without the Corps and this  legislation.   Madam Speaker, the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex is growing at a quite  rapid pace and this updated legislation will help to provide adequate  water and wastewater infrastructure to meet the demands, given the  rapid pace of growth and development in our area. Furthermore, the bill  will help in addressing maintenance needs, replacing aging  infrastructure, and help in accounting for human behavior in all  aspects of our water system--from sewer overflows, to promoting water  conservation through drought tolerant outdoor landscaping.   Lastly, I want to thank the committee for working with me to include  language in the bill regarding the embankment of Lake Waco, on which  Lake Shore Drive is located, so that we may keep the public safe from  danger. We were able to work with the Senate on language that was  direct and clear. It is very encouraging to know that we can continue  to work in a bipartisan way to work with the committee to ensure that  Lakeshore Drive is not a safety hazard.   Madam Speaker, the projects I just mentioned are a tiny piece of the  multitude of projects the Army Corps of Engineers works on to help  address the water needs of the United States and its residents. Every  American is impacted by this legislation and I urge my colleagues to  support it.   