 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York, my  friend and colleague, for convening us this evening.   Care work is the backbone of our Nation's economy. Yet, for too long,  policymakers have failed to make the critical investments needed to  ensure that everyone, at all stages of life, has access to the high- quality care they need and deserve, and that our care workers are  compensated for their essential work with livable wages. Their work is  essential and so, too, are their lives.   I rise today on behalf of our Nation's care workers, whose labor  continues to be undervalued, undermined, and unprotected, despite its  essential role in our society.   I rise to lend my voice to the thousands of care workers,  disproportionately Black and Brown women, who spend hours upon hours  meeting the care needs of others, children, the elderly, and people  with disabilities. Caregivers often juggling work while also providing  care for their own families and struggling to cover the most basic of  needs.   I want to take a moment to speak specifically on the critical role of  home and community-based services. During the COVID-19 crisis and long  before, these services have been a lifeline, supporting people from all  walks of life with critical medical care in their home or community.  This is an issue of quality care, of healthcare justice, of disability  justice, and of liberty.   Again, throughout the pandemic, home and community-based services  were a lifeline for so many, but the infrastructure needs resources.  The Biden administration has proposed a historic investment in HCBS to  meet the scale of the need and demand. This proposed investment is an  investment in healthcare justice, but also an investment in human  infrastructure, in our essential workers.   We must make these services readily available and compensate our home  care workers, the majority of whom are women of color, with a living  wage.   To build back better, we must center the people. We must invest in  our communities and affirm that a better world is possible, a more just  world, where every person can thrive.   We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to legislate our values  and to create a more just and caring America that takes care of  everyone who calls this great Nation home.   Passing a robust infrastructure package that affirms care is  infrastructure would leave a profound legacy.   Today, on the floor of the House of Representatives, we reaffirm our  commitment to building a nation where every person can live and thrive  with dignity.   As we craft a legislative response that actualizes that vision, we  must make plain that what is needed in this moment of unprecedented  economic crisis is bold, intentional legislation that recognizes the  dignity and humanity of all workers, and affirms the right to  meaningful, dignified work and a livable wage.   Earlier this year, I introduced a congressional resolution calling  for a Federal job guarantee, which would provide every person in  America with an enforceable legal right to a quality job. Extending  beyond a project-based approach, our resolution calls for the creation  of Federal jobs on projects that meet long-neglected community,  physical and human infrastructure needs, such as delivering high- quality care for children and seniors, building and sustaining 21st  century transit systems, strengthening our neighborhoods, and  protecting the environment.   That is the type of bold, necessary approach we should bring to this  process and beyond.   The COVID-19 pandemic has exacerbated many of these challenges and  laid bare the deep inequities and disparities in our Nation.   From paid family and medical leave to home and community-based  services, to universal childcare, to a dignified living wage and  beyond, the people demand responsive policy that speaks to their lived  experiences and struggles. The people are counting on us to deliver.   So let me make it plain: Any infrastructure package must deliver for  our care workers, and it must take care of the people, because the care  economy is critical infrastructure.   In this moment, as we fight for a strong economic recovery, we must  also work to build a better, a more just, and more equitable economy  than ever before.   