 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R.  7027, the Child Care is Essential Act, a critical effort that I have  proudly cosponsored, as child care providers have been among the  hardest hit by the economic turmoil caused by this public health  emergency. At least half of all providers have been forced to close at  some point during this pandemic, and almost a quarter of child care  staff have lost their jobs.   The Child Care is Essential Act will establish and provide $50  billion for the Child Care Stabilization Fund, so that grants can be  awarded to child care providers during and after this COVID-19  pandemic. Child care providers that are currently open or temporarily  closed due to this pandemic are eligible to receive this funding, which  will be calculated by  [[Page H3907]]  the provider's operating costs before COVID-19 and adjusted for the  increased costs of providing child care now. These providers will be  able to use this stabilization funding for numerous activities,  including personnel costs, personal protection equipment, training for  health and safety practices, mental health supports for children and  staff, and fixed costs.   As a Congress, we must stabilize our critical child care  infrastructure, as they play a critical role in ensuring that our  working families are not forced to make difficult decisions regarding  reduction in work hours or loss of employment. For our nation to  recover economically from this pandemic, we must strengthen the child  care providers that enable our economy to function.   In Texas, our providers, families, and communities deserve this  federal support. The Center for American Progress has estimated that my  state will lose 54% of its child care supply and 483,632 licensed child  care slots without adequate federal assistance, and this loss will be  monumental in its impact. If this Congress can push the Child Care is  Essential Act into law, Texas will receive an estimated amount of  $5,372,096,736 from the $50 billion Child Care Stabilization Fund  through allocations to my state.   As representatives of Americans from all corners of our country, we  have a responsibility to protect the livelihood and well-being of our  families and communities, especially during this moment of national  upheaval caused by this novel coronavirus. On behalf of my home state  of Texas, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7027.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  7575, the Water Resources Development Act of 2020. I would like to  thank Chairman DeFazio and my fellow colleagues on the House  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for their diligent work to  produce this much needed water resources bill. Everyone is the U.S. is  impacted by the need for clean water and I believe this bill takes a  giant step forward to ensuring this becomes a reality for every  American.   Within my district, The City of Dallas is appreciative to the U.S.  Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) for their funding of the Dallas  Floodway, Dallas Floodway Extension flood risk management projects and  Lewisville Dam repairs and their continued efforts to complete these  projects quickly. I look forward to continuing to hear good reports on  the progress of these projects. I am pleased that the Corps is moving  forward with these projects.   Please allow me to note that it is helpful for the Corps to accept  input from non-federal sponsors in the development of WRDA guidance.  The Corps, working with local non-federal sponsors instead of  developing guidance independently, will result in more resilient  projects with multiple benefits. The role of resiliency in the  construction, operation and maintenance of projects carried out by the  U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) must continue to be a priority.   The Dallas area falls within the Southwestern Division of the Army  Corps of Engineers. Flooding and flood control continue to be issues  that are ever-present on the minds of residents along the Trinity  River. I have held several meetings on flooding in the Dallas area to  address this issue and hope to continue to work with the Corps to  combat flooding in Dallas.   Other parts of North Texas have also benefited from projects included  in previous versions of WRDA legislation. The projects addressing pump  stations and levy heights in Dallas, along with bridge projects in Ft.  Worth would not be where they are today without the Corps and this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex is growing at a quite  rapid pace and this updated legislation will help to provide adequate  water and wastewater infrastructure to meet the demands, given the  rapid pace of growth and development in our area. Furthermore, the bill  will help in addressing maintenance needs, replacing aging  infrastructure, and help in accounting for human behavior in all  aspects of our water system--from sewer overflows, to promoting water  conservation through drought tolerant outdoor landscaping.   Lastly, I want to thank the committee for working with me to include  language in the bill regarding the embankment of Lake Waco, on which  Lake Shore Drive is located, so that we may keep the public safe from  danger. I understand that there is also language in the Senate bill on  the Lakeshore Drive issue that may be more direct. As we move through  completion of this bill in conference, I hope to continue to work with  the committee to ensure that Lakeshore Drive is not a safety hazard.   Mr. Speaker, the projects I just mentioned are a tiny piece of the  multitude of projects the Army Corps of Engineers works on to help  address the water needs of the United States and its residents. Every  American is impacted by this legislation and I urge my colleagues to  support it.   