 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  updated Heroes Act we are considering on the floor today. We must  recognize that the Nation is in great  [[Page H5434]]  need of continued emergency assistance--and this legislation, though  not a total solution, is a step in the right direction. It prioritizes  the needs of the Americans so that they are better prepared to endure  the pandemic, as we continue to work together towards a long-term  solution.   This updated bill includes several provisions from the original  Heroes Act, which passed in the House of Representatives back in May.  It also includes much-needed funding for hospitals, community health  centers, testing, vaccine research, and related items that would ensure  that our country can make a healthy recovery from the pandemic.   To address the economic impact of COVID-19, this bill assists  millions of Americans by reinstating the Pandemic Unemployment  Assistance, providing a special enrollment period for the health care  marketplace, and creating additional tax credits for plans offered that  are affordable for everyone.   I am pleased that this bill also addresses the priorities for my  district, including emergency funding to resources for affordable  housing and homelessness prevention. As co-chair of the Congressional  Homelessness Caucus, I have been adamant that any stimulus package must  include emergency rental assistance, which is included at $50 billion  to help low-income renters avoid eviction due to our Nation's recent  economic turmoil. This updated bill also includes $5 billion for  Emergency Solutions Grants, which is critical to address the impact of  coronavirus on individuals who are homeless or at risk of homelessness.   For the millions of small businesses across the country affected by  the pandemic, this bill enhances the Paycheck Protection Program and  allows for businesses to apply and receive a second PPP loan. It also  helps restaurants struggling to survive the pandemic by creating a $120  billion grant program specifically for their industry. Finally, it  eases the process for businesses to get their PPP loans forgiven by  simplifying loan forgiveness for loans less than $150,000.   Additionally, this legislation provides assistance to state and local  governments across the country, many of which have felt first-hand the  adverse impacts COVID-19. This assistance would ensure that first  responders and health professionals, who have been on the front lines  keeping us safe during the pandemic, would no longer be faced with the  possibility of losing their jobs. It would also help these governments  continue to provide enhanced services during this time of crisis.   Unlike the CARES Act, this updated version of the Heroes Act would  provide funding that would also go to smaller local governments with  populations smaller than 50,000. I have heard from local government  officials in my district, in cities like Cedar Hill and Lancaster, on  how this additional funding would greatly impact the level of service  they would be able to provide to their residents.   Over the past few months, I have heard from many constituents in my  district employed by businesses in the transportation industry about  the adverse effects of COVID-19 on their work. Workers in the aviation  industry, who were at risk of being furloughed if Congress failed to  act on updated relief legislation, will be provided with job security  and additional benefits through the Payroll Support Program. The bill  also includes $32 billion in funding for transit-related relief, which  will help transit agencies retain employees and continue maintaining  regular service.   One of the more important discussions we have had during the pandemic  is how to safely reopen schools so that parents, students, teachers,  administrators, and other school staff can remain safe and healthy.  That is why I was glad to see that this bill provides $225 billion for  education--including $182 billion for primary and secondary schools  alone--and almost $39 billion for institutions for higher learning.  This critical funding will help schools purchase the personal  protective equipment necessary to protect the wellbeing of school  officials and their students.   In the event of a second COVID-19 wave, schools may be forced to  transition to hybrid or remote learning. Therefore, this bill takes a  proactive approach to this possibility by providing $12 billion in  funding for students to stay connected with mobile hotspots and devices  like laptops and tablets. This funding stream would go a long way in  helping close the homework gap and allowing internet access to rural  and underserved communities across the country.   I am heartened that the Heroes Act also includes provisions to start  to address the devastating impacts that the pandemic has had on  university research as well as on our federal research agencies.  Federally funded research, particularly research carried out at our  universities, has long been a critical enabler of U.S. leadership in  science and innovation, which in turn will play an important role in  assuring our future competitiveness and economic well being. In  addition, university research also plays a key role in preparing the  next generation of STEM professionals.   The ongoing pandemic has put that research enterprise in serious  jeopardy. Without assistance from the federal government, I am deeply  concerned that many institutions may not survive, that years of  important research will be lost, and that we will suffer irreparable  harm to our talent pipeline. I am especially concerned that the fallout  from this pandemic will undercut the gains we have made in diversifying  our STEM pipeline, including the geographic diversity that will help  communities across the Nation revitalize their economies in the coming  years. To help deal with the disruptions to university research caused  by the pandemic, this legislation provides almost $2.9 billion to the  National Science Foundation (NSF), funding that will allow extensions  of existing research grants, cooperative agreements, scholarships,  fellowships, and apprenticeships. The Heroes Act also contains funding  for NOAA, DOE, and NIST to help address the impact of the pandemic on  those agencies operations and capabilities.   Taken together, these funding provisions are an important first step,  but more needs to be done to mitigate the harmful impact of the  pandemic on America's research enterprise and on the students and  early-career researchers whose activities have been disrupted. I will  continue to advocate for such measures in future legislation.   Finally, this bill provides a second round of direct cash assistance  to qualifying Americans in the form of Economic Impact Payments. This  new round of cash assistance would extend to mixed families and to  students attending college up to the age of 24.   Mr. Speaker, overall, this bill takes great strides to help Americans  suffering because of the pandemic, including those with COVID-19, those  left unemployed, those on the front lines, and many others. I urge my  colleagues to support it.   