 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, for more than a year, America's workers  have faced unprecedented challenges and unimaginable uncertainty.   Today, nearly 9 million fewer Americans are working than before the  COVID pandemic struck, robbing mothers, fathers, friends, and neighbors  of the dignity, purpose, and security of work.   As we help our Nation recover from the economic toll of COVID-19 and  strive to restore the livelihoods of millions of America's workers, we  have a responsibility to put forth solutions that strengthen the  pathways to meaningful family-sustaining careers.   The apprenticeship model of providing paid work experience, coupled  with classroom instruction and on-the-job mentorship, is a proven  approach to equipping workers with the skills they need for lifelong  success.   Individuals who complete high-quality apprenticeship programs enter  into well-paying jobs and do so without the debt that so often saddles  our younger generation of workers.   Yet, less than 3 percent of the workforce participates in the  registered apprenticeship system, and the vast majority of the programs  are concentrated in only a handful of industries. This leaves our  strongest workforce development strategies vastly underutilized and  emphasizes a blunt truth: Doubling down on this decades-old system  won't change the trajectory during this historic time of need.   We must develop an apprenticeship system that is responsive to the  demands of the 21st century workplace and accessible to job creators in  emerging industry sectors.   Unfortunately, the Democrats' bill doubles down on a one-size-fits- all approach that closes pathways into the workforce and stifles the  employer-led innovation. For all the rhetoric about expanding  apprenticeships, the most immediate impact of the underlying bill would  be just the opposite, pulling the rug out from under new programs that  are equipping healthcare workers to combat the pandemic.   My substitute amendment makes improvements to modernize and  reinvigorate the national apprenticeship system, changes that will  increase opportunities for workers and help bolster the Nation's  economic recovery.   First, expanding apprenticeships to small businesses and new  industries will require flexibilities for employers to design a program  that fits their unique needs. Our amendment provides this flexibility  by allowing small businesses to seek waivers to Federal requirements  that don't match the nature of their business and would prevent them  from ever developing an apprenticeship program.   Second, engaging more Americans in apprenticeship opportunities will  require a robust pipeline of workers with the base skills and workplace  competencies to succeed. Our amendment will help grow youth and pre- apprenticeship programs, equipping them to prepare the next generation  for a full range of workforce development opportunities and careers,  not siloing them from the start.   Third, in order to empower American innovation, we must allow new  models of work-based learning to thrive and let workforce leaders  across the country inject dynamism into the age-old system. Our  amendment preserves the ability for innovation beyond the traditional  registered system to ensure that apprenticeship offerings can develop  and adapt as quickly as our job market demands.   There is no clearer example of the promise of innovative models than  the array of industry-recognized programs recently developed to educate  nurses and healthcare professionals in the midst of the public health  crisis we face.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to modernize the  apprenticeship system and generate opportunities for American workers  without the red tape and the roadblocks that remain in the underlying  bill.   I thank Ranking Member Foxx, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman  from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx).    Madam Speaker, how much time is remaining?    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this amendment.   This is about getting millions of Americans back to work. This  amendment supports small businesses. This amendment supports pre- apprenticeship programs. And most importantly, this amendment supports  innovation.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   