 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Chair for her  tremendous leadership and that of her staff for getting us to this  point on behalf of the American people and ensuring that we put forth a  bill that will ensure that they know that we care about their health  and economic security during this very serious moment.   Also, I just want to thank Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Pallone for  including language that will help reach communities disproportionately  impacted by this deadly virus, as in the African-American, indigenous,  Black and Brown community, the AAPI communities, and also treat them as  partners to defeat COVID.   Now, it has been 4\1/2\ months since the House passed the Heroes Act.  Since January, over 200,000 people have died. People are terrified  about keeping their families healthy and safe. They are terrified about  keeping their jobs and their homes and their businesses. And, still,  Republicans continue to block this critical relief from moving forward.   Sadly, but not surprisingly, Black and Brown people are getting the  worst of this. Forty thousand African Americans have died from COVID,  one out of every five COVID deaths in America. Indigenous and Latinx  people are each 50 percent more likely to die from COVID than White  Americans. And 20 percent of all deaths in my district are from the  AAPI community.   It is clear that the President has no plan. That is why Democrats are  taking action, to be sure that we have the robust national testing,  tracing, and treatment efforts to reduce the transmission and the  deaths that we are experiencing every day. All of us know people who  have died from this horrific pandemic.   Also, we were able to include funding for SNAP benefits, unemployment  payments, childcare, and education, including funding for my own  community in Alameda County.   I am also pleased that the bill contains necessary contributions to  the global efforts to fight COVID. This pandemic does not respect  borders. We need to work with partners around the globe if we are going  to get COVID under control.   