 Mr. President, I rise today regarding the second  impeachment of Donald Trump.   The House managers made their case. Based on the evidence they  presented and the events we all experienced, Donald Trump should be  convicted and prohibited for holding office ever again for inciting a  violent insurrection at the U.S. Capitol on January 6.   Through video, pictures, and quotes, they outlined how the President  of the United States engaged in a months-long campaign to discredit the  legitimate election results of the 2020 election--a deranged campaign  that began before a single vote was cast.   This unprecedented campaign of misinformation, pushing the ``Big  Lie,'' infected a significant contingent of the President's supporters.  They came to Washington, DC, at Trump's invitation and inciteful  rhetoric. They followed his direction on January 6 to storm the Capitol  and tried to stop us from carrying out our constitutional duty to  certify the election for the lawful winner of the Presidential  election, Joe Biden.   The evidence presented by the managers is solid and irrefutable, and  the President's lawyers made almost no effort to try. Given the jury  they were facing, I don't blame them. Almost every Senator in this  Chamber was there that day. Senators Ossoff, Warnock, and Padilla  weren't sworn in until January 20. We all experienced the unthinkable  that day, and we are all processing it differently. The violent  insurrection shook many of us to the core. For some of us, the events  of that day were so chaotic that the full magnitude of what was  happening wasn't clear at the time.   Both as part of the trial evidence and through interviews and  statements, we have learned more fully the measure of danger we faced  as Donald Trump's murderous mob assaulted the Capitol campus. The  managers' case and other media has given us all a better picture of the  terror.   There are stories of bravery, like that of Officer Eugene Goodman and  his U.S. Capitol Police colleagues.   The footage of Officer Goodman misdirecting the mob marauding through  these halls is remarkable. Put yourself in his shoes. How many of us  would have acted as quickly in the face of a rushing wave of hate? He  has rightly been commended for his decisive, nearly superhuman  response. All across the complex, his colleagues battled with  insurrectionists who assaulted them with bats, bear spray, and other  weapons in close quarters--these were scenes from a war zone, not the  heart of the U.S. Government. While their bravery is commendable,  Capitol Police and the other law enforcement agencies that eventually  assisted to restore order should never have been in that position. But  for the President of the United States sending a mob of violent  insurrectionists to the Capitol, they would not have.   There are other chilling stories that should make every American's  heart race. The audio of the Speaker's staff barricaded in their  office, whispering into the phone, voices trembling, begging for help.  The silent Capitol security footage showing just how close the Vice  President, Senators, Representatives, and staff came to harm. The  videos of chanting, gleeful, rioters demonstrating their horrifying  fealty to  [[Page S946]]  Donald Trump's lies as they broke down doors and ransacked offices and  the Senate floor. The story that my friend Senator Murray has told of  being trapped in her office with her husband. The mob pounding on the  door while he tried to hold it shut with his foot. The absolute terror  she must have felt hoping that the door was locked and that help would  come quickly. They were inches away. The rest of us there that day were  at least feet away. I am sure that we all called, texted, and thought  of loved ones. Trying to reassure them but not actually knowing if that  was true. Feeling from far away their helpless anguish for us and the  utter terror and disbelief that something like this could happen in our  country. To the U.S. Capitol, of all places.   The U.S. Capitol is the heart of our democratic system of government.  While we may disagree vociferously, debate passionately, and represent  people and communities with deeply divergent views, Congress exists to  find common ground without resorting to violence. This simple fact-- that as a country we solve our problems through democratic institutions  and debate--is a source of our strength and global leadership. I have  strong disagreements with a number of my colleagues. I know many of  them disagree with me. But each day we come to the Senate floor and  voice those disagreements without fear for our safety. On January 6,  that basic level of understanding--the very thing that separates our  country from so many others--was shattered by the assault on the  Capitol. And worst of all, that insurrection was incited by a sitting  President of the United States.   In some respects, it is difficult to know how best to move forward  from that awful day. We came back. We did our jobs. And we are still  here doing what our constituents sent us here to do. The Capitol may  have been changed indelibly for many of us.   Again, to turn to the words of my friend Senator Murray the  bipartisan actions shown in Congress in the wake of the September 11  attacks helped to restore some semblance of safety and security. That  common response is absent today.   To begin to heal, we need accountability. We need to live up to our  constitutional oaths and the sacred duty our constituents bestowed on  us when we were elected: to uphold the law, to stand for their values,  and, when necessary, to stand for our own. We can only start to heal  when we have accountability and justice for what happened. To achieve  this, we need those who are in leadership positions to lead.   Republicans failed to lead last year when they voted to acquit Donald  Trump for his corrupt actions in dealing with Ukraine by conditioning  military assistance on receiving political dirt on Joe Biden. Their  failure to lead, to hold Trump accountable, and frankly to constrain  his mania, emboldened him to push the boundaries of our political  discourse further.   Republicans have another chance to stand up for our democracy and  against authoritarianism. They have a chance to accept the reality that  has been clearly outlined for them in video, audio, and their own  experiences. They can make a strong statement that political violence  is unacceptable in the United States. They can--and should--vote to  convict Donald Trump and bar him from ever holding office again. This  is the real first, meaningful step that we can take to achieve the  unity that we all claim to want.   I will vote to convict. I hope that this time, more than one of them  will be brave enough to lead by standing up and doing what is right.   