 Madam President, I rise today to tell the people of  Minnesota why I will oppose the confirmation of Judge Amy Coney Barrett  to be an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.   Our Constitution's most fundamental charge is to render equal justice  under the law. This promise is so central to our justice system that  those words are inscribed above the entrance to the U.S. Supreme Court.  The late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg devoted her life to advancing the  principle of equality under the law, and I believe all nominees to our  Nation's highest Court must share that dedication.   Unfortunately, Judge Barrett does not meet that standard. Judge  Barrett was nominated to fulfill President Trump's promise to appoint  Supreme Court Justices who would do two things which I believe are  antithetical to equal justice under the law: dismantling the Affordable  Care Act and overturning Roe v. Wade.   So let's be clear about what is happening. We know Judge Barrett was  nominated because President Trump and Republicans believe that she will  help them overturn the Affordable Care Act and take us back to the days  when millions more Americans do not have health insurance and insurance  companies can deny coverage or charge exorbitant rates to people with  preexisting conditions, like cancer or heart disease. They could charge  women more and seniors more, and they would be able to charge more to  people with COVID as a preexisting condition.   As we know, Judge Barrett was nominated because Donald Trump believes  she will uphold laws that treat women as less capable of making  independent decisions about their health, their personal beliefs, and  birth control than State legislatures.   A person who can pass these two Republican litmus tests does not  sound like someone to me who is committed to equal justice under the  law.   Now, many of my Democratic colleagues have talked about the terrible  impact of striking down the Affordable Care Act on American families. I  share this commitment that they have--that we all have--to protect  healthcare as a human right. But as the only Senator who has worked at  Planned Parenthood, I want to take my time today to talk about what is  at stake if the Supreme Court overturns or weakens Roe.   When I worked at Planned Parenthood, I saw firsthand how  comprehensive reproductive healthcare is essential for women to have  the freedom and the opportunity to live the lives that they choose. I  also saw how efforts to strip away these protections are an affront to  the equal rights and dignity of women and their families.   For all people, healthcare decisions are the most personal. It is  your body and it is your life, and decisions about reproductive health  and sexual health are even more personal and intensely private. There  is still stigma and discrimination around reproductive health,  especially abortion, and that makes it even more important that people  have privacy and space and excellent care without judgment, which is  what Planned Parenthood provides.   I became aware during my time at Planned Parenthood how personal  these decisions are for women and how the political debate around  abortion is disconnected from the facts and the realities of women's  lives.   Here is an example. The battle over restricting access to abortion  has nothing to do with the public health work to prevent unintended  pregnancies and reduce the abortion rate. Indeed, the Guttmacher  Institute has repeatedly found that restrictive State abortion laws are  not causally associated with the decline in abortion rates. In fact,  fewer unintended pregnancies and lower teen pregnancy rates are  correlated not with restrictive abortion laws but with access to  sexuality education and birth control and also to a healthy economy.   Here is another example. Most restrictive abortion laws seem to be  aimed at a stereotype of an irresponsible woman who hasn't been careful  and somehow got herself into a mess. First of all, this is a sexist and  disrespectful trope. Research shows that women from all walks of life  seek abortion care. Over half are already mothers. Over 80 percent  report using contraception. And over half report a religious  affiliation. These women all have their own unique circumstances and  needs and beliefs. What they have in common is that they deserve the  dignity and respect to make their own judgments about what is best for  them and their families in the course of their own lives.   What I saw at Planned Parenthood were women, our patients, who were  working really hard to make good decisions about their own health, and  they wanted to take charge of their health and their lives. But this is  really difficult when you can't afford basic healthcare, like birth  control, if you don't have good insurance or any insurance.   It is very hard if you have been shamed or threatened or harassed for  seeking the care that you need. It is even harder when the government  is looking over your shoulder, telling you what you can and cannot do  with your body and your life, because the truth is, most laws  restricting abortion are not about good healthcare. They are about  substituting the judgment of government for the intensely personal,  medical, and moral decisions that women, their doctors, and their  families want and need to make for themselves.   The truth is, these laws treat women as fundamentally unequal in  their decision-making capacity, and they are an insult to women's  individual dignity and freedom and body autonomy.   I think this is why most Americans disagree with the Republicans'  rush to roll back Roe. This anti-choice agenda is radically out of step  with the American people. In 2019, Pew Research, which is a respected  nonpartisan polling organization, found that 61 percent of Americans  say that abortion should be legal in all or most instances. Now, some  of my Republican colleagues must know that they are out of step with  the American people, which must be why some have suggested that it is  ``fearmongering'' to say that Roe might be overturned if Judge Barrett  joins the Supreme Court.   So, after promising over and over to confirm only anti-choice judges,  judges who would overturn Roe, they now try to claim that we can't  possibly predict how Justice Barrett would vote on this issue. Well,  this is completely illogical and completely unbelievable, and I think  the American people know better.   Make no mistake, many conservative State legislatures have already  passed laws specifically intended to create the opportunity for the  Supreme Court to revisit and overturn Roe, and if Justice Barrett goes  on the Court and becomes the definitive vote to overturn or weaken Roe,  22 States are poised to immediately ban all or nearly all abortions.  There are 16 others that will immediately enact severe restrictions to  dramatically reduce access, and more States are sure to follow.   If the Supreme Court overturns Roe, who is hurt most? Poor women,  women living in rural communities, and women without the means to  travel to places where women's rights are respected, and this is the  definition of unequal justice.   This Supreme Court nominee will have a momentous effect on the lives  and personal decisions of Minnesotans and Americans. There is so much  at stake.   So I urge all Americans to make your voices heard and to hold your  elected representatives accountable in Congress, in the State house,  and in local  [[Page S6360]]  governments. Your voices are powerful, but only if you use them.   I will always stand up for all Americans to have equal justice and  opportunity to live the lives that you choose, and that is why I oppose  this nomination. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing the  confirmation of Justice Barrett.   I yield the floor.   