 Madam Speaker, I would note that the gentleman from  Indiana is incorrect. We are not pursuing a law enforcement  investigation. Only the DOJ can do that.   What we are doing is taking the steps that are provided for under the  congressional contempt statute that has existed for many decades  because the select committee's charge is to get to the bottom of what  happened on January 6, who planned it, who paid for it, what was the  intent, and what legislative steps can we recommend to remove future  threats to our Constitution.   To do that, we need information, both documents and testimony; and to  get that we issue subpoenas.   Now what is a subpoena?   Is it just a suggestion, a mere request, an encouragement to testify?   No. A subpoena is a writ issued by a government agency, in this case  the Congress, to compel testimony or production of evidence. When you  get a subpoena, Madam Speaker, the law requires you to comply. If you  think there may be some valid reason that excuses you from telling the  truth under oath, then you have to come in and make your case to the  committee.   Steve Bannon is the only person who has outright refused to engage  with the committee. He thinks that if he simply obstructs Congress by  not showing up he will escape the consequences. But as Theodore  Roosevelt said, ``No man is above the law and no man is below the  law.''   If you get a subpoena, you cannot hide behind vague and immaterial  claims of privilege.   The cases make it clear--Judicial Watch, Nixon v. GSA, and the McGahn  case--executive privilege is limited to immediate White House advisers  on government policy. Bannon is a private citizen. His extravagant  claims can't shield his conversations and plotting with other private  citizens. His status, according to the cases, doesn't get executive  privilege protection. He has no absolute immunity.   Madam Speaker, what would happen if an American received a subpoena  from Congress or a court?   Do you think they could get away with just saying: Go fly a kite?  They would be held accountable.   And so should Mr. Bannon be held to account for defying the law  regarding this subpoena.   Madam Speaker, to defend the rule of law, we must vote ``yes'' on  this resolution.   