 Mr. President, I have listened to the minority whip  here. I would say that I agree with him. This bill that we will have an  opportunity to vote on later this afternoon does not have everything in  it. I think almost--I think every one of us would agree, it doesn't  have everything that we would like. It certainly doesn't have  everything that I would like. In fact, it has a few things in there  that I would have just as soon be jettisoned.   What we will have an opportunity to vote on today is a targeted  relief measure. It is targeted toward our small business men and women  who have been feeling the kick to the gut on a daily basis in my State  and certainly in a State like Florida that relies on tourism. It is  targeted relief that is designed to help our kids get back into school  and teachers to be able to be in a safe environment. It is targeted  relief that is designed to help provide additional childcare resources.  It is targeted relief to help us advance to a vaccine that is readable  and traceable and affordable to all Americans. It is targeted relief  that will help us with additional testing.   I think we recognize that more testing is going to be better than  less testing. There is assistance for the U.S. Postal Service. It is  not enough, in my view. I would like to see it increased significantly,  but that is not in there. But there is some targeted relief for our  Postal Service as well.   The minority whip mentions the liability protection that is included  within this measure. It has been no secret that that has been a  priority not only of the majority leader but of a majority of so many  of us who have looked at and heard from those in our communities, our  school districts that are concerned about their liability, our small  businesses that are concerned about reopening with no liability. This  is not a ``get out of jail free'' card. This is designed that if you  have followed the protocols, if you have followed the requirements that  have been set out there, that you are not going to lose that business.  Your school district is not going to be, really in terms of their  funding, eroded because of litigation. Again, it does not absolve if  you have been negligent in any way here.   What I want to reinforce is, we will have an opportunity here to vote  on a measure today that is not everything  [[Page S5531]]  to everybody. We couldn't get there. Negotiations--I think it is fair  to say we all wish that there had been greater success with broader  bipartisan negotiation. We haven't gotten to this place.   We are at a place where we do have an opportunity to put a measure  out there that is more directed in its targeted relief; that does leave  out certain areas; that, in my view, does include some things that  should not be in here, but it is where we are today.   We either have an opportunity to do some incremental steps to build  on what we put in place with the CARES Act several months ago or to do  nothing for an indeterminate period of time.   I can tell you that in my State, I have small businesses for whom the  PPP was a lifesaver. But I come from a State where we are pretty  seasonally focused with our economy, and the relief they were able to  get for those few months in the summertime, that allowed them to stay  open.   When you don't have your tourists come to town and when you really  don't have your economy kick into gear during the summer--believe it or  not, folks--it doesn't happen in the wintertime in Alaska. We don't  have those people coming to visit us. We don't have the cruise ships.  We don't have the airplanes that are filled with people willing to come  and spend their money. So we have to wait until at least next May.  Alaskans, right now, are hoping and praying that they can hold on until  May.   There are some things in this targeted relief package that directly  helps them. There is an opportunity for a second round, an opportunity  that is focused on our smaller businesses, an opportunity for an  extension of time within which to pay down those CARES Act monies. The  thing I have heard more often than anything else is this: Give us more  time to spend this because we don't want to spend it on things that we  don't need right now because we know that the winter is going to be  long and dark and tough. Give us that ability. We didn't get the  flexibility that we had asked for. That would have been important.   The time extension will be important. The loan forgiveness piece for  the smaller loans will be important. The extension of the additional UI  will be important. No, it is not a full $600, but it does allow for  additional support for those who are suffering most.   Again, what we are trying to do is to target the relief and not put  it all out there in areas where some didn't need it, some did, and hope  we get it right. Again, this is a measure that many will say is a half  measure, but I am talking to folks back home who are saying: Give us  something. We need to have something now because otherwise we don't  know how long we can hold on.   This is something that I am going to be supporting later this  afternoon, despite what I point to as the flaws in it. I am not going  to spend my time here today to talk about why I disagree with some of  the school choice provisions that are in here. I think my position on  that is relatively well known. But I am going to vote for this  regardless of the fact that those provisions are in there because there  are provisions that are going to help our fishermen, that are going to  help our small businesses, that are going to help our schools, and that  are going to help us help those who need this additional unemployment  insurance.   There is a measure in this bill, though, that has evoked an  interesting bit of controversy. It is in an area that I offered. This  comes from the text of my American Mineral Security Act. This is a bill  that we reported from the Energy Committee last year. The portion of  the bill that is in controversy right now, according to my friends on  the other side of the aisle, is actually text from a bipartisan bill  that my friend and the ranking member on the Energy Committee inserted  himself. I cosponsored it. It would effectively authorize the  Department of Energy to conduct research to develop advanced processes  to help recover rare earth elements from coal and coal byproducts. It  authorizes. It doesn't appropriate. It authorizes $23 million a year  for 7 fiscal years.   We saw that this was a particularly worthy provision to advance. We  know that we import almost all of our rare earths from abroad,  primarily from China. We know the supply is precarious. China has  already demonstrated its willingness to cut off another country when it  feels like it. And we know we need this, whether it is for iPhones,  flat screens, jet engines, satellites. It is all about supply chain.   I was a little bit bemused, I guess, when I saw that this particular  provision was the object of partisan scorn. It was actually the Obama  administration that helped fund the research to examine the potential  of these technologies. NETL, the National Energy Technology Lab, has  been working on this, as have a number of universities. When you think  about what we are doing here, we are seeking to recover rare earths  from coal waste. It is a little bit like turning your trash into  treasure. It is the ultimate in recycling. You have already disturbed  the earth. That has already happened. What we are doing now is we are  going through that and trying to determine if we can't utilize some of  that waste for something of great value--rare earths. It could  ironically add to our domestic supplies without necessitating new  mines. You would think that those on the other side of the aisle who  don't like mining would agree that recycling that waste is a strong and  a positive thing to do.   Some have said: Why is this American Mineral Security Act or any of  the provisions in this bill at all? I think one of the things we  learned from this pandemic is that supply chains really matter, whether  it is supply chains in the pharmaceutical end or supply chains when it  comes to these minerals. They are so essential to everything that we  do.   There have been some interesting attacks on this bipartisan  provision. One of my Democratic colleagues declared that it could  ``fast-track coal mines.'' One said it is ``targeted to corporate  donors.'' Another said on Twitter that this amounts to ``corporate  welfare to the coal industry during a climate emergency.'' It is so  wrong on so many levels that you don't know where to begin to rebut  that.   Let me just cite a couple. For a starting point, the Department of  Energy has a research mission. DOE does not permit coal mines. So there  is no fast-tracking under the provision because there is no authority  within the DOE to do so. It doesn't exist. We are not putting labs in  charge of the review process. You are not going to see one of your  National Labs now become a permitting office.   I have also been surprised to hear that research grants from the  Department of Energy are somehow or another corporate welfare now. I  have a great deal of respect for the work that goes on within DOE. I  think that they are the ultimate engine for innovation, leading to good  jobs, economic growth, cleaner air, cleaner water. These grants are not  just directed to industry. Many of our universities will be among the  likely recipients.   It is important, I think, to recognize that what we are establishing  within this measure is something that would benefit our economy,  benefit jobs, and benefit the environment. I mentioned that this  provision is an authorization of appropriations. It doesn't allocate  any taxpayer dollars. It simply creates a new option for those of us  who serve as appropriators to choose as part of our normal budgeting  process. We have seen a lot of accusations--misleading attacks over  different things that are in this bill or perhaps some things that are  not in the measure.   I think, again, what we have in front of us is an opportunity to  provide targeted relief to Americans at a time when they are in need.  What we do today, how we do it today, I think, is important. I think it  is unfortunate that we will likely see this as a wholly partisan  exercise. I would like to think that we would have a different outcome.  I would like to think that each of us can look at these provisions and  say: Well, it might not be as much as I would like for my constituents  in Florida or Alaska, but it does allow us to advance one step further.   My hope is that we will continue aggressive negotiations because I  continue to hear from people in my State who are still reeling from the  impacts of this pandemic. They do not see the upcoming months giving  them notable relief from an economic perspective. They want to know  that their Federal  [[Page S5532]]  Government will be a partner with them in aiding them in the recovery.   We will have an opportunity to vote on this later. I would certainly  hope all Members look at where we are today with the offering that is  in front of us.   I yield the floor.   