 Madam Speaker, just over a year ago, I stood on the  House floor as we did our jobs and voted to impeach the President of  the United States. The facts were clear then: Donald Trump abused the  power of the Office of the Presidency to pursue his own personal,  political gain. My vote was a vote for the Constitution and for `We,  the People' because America is so deeply worth it.  [[Page H188]]    Six months later, we saw Donald Trump's radically disparate treatment  of a violent mob taking over the Michigan state capitol while  threatening to lynch a governor and the harsh crackdown on Black,  Indigenous, and people of color demonstrating for civil and human  rights in the wake of yet another Black person being murdered by law  enforcement. On the one hand, we saw armed white men with swastikas and  Confederate flags threatening lawmakers, damaging the statehouse, and  seeking to lynch, shoot, and behead the Governor of Michigan with no  federal response. In fact, Attorney General Bill Barr told me under  oath that he wasn't even aware it occurred. In sharp contrast, we saw  Black people and people of color forcibly removed by armed federal  officials using pepper bombs and tear gas. This time, the Attorney  General was on the scene himself.   All of these events brought us to January 6, 2021. On that day, I was  trapped in the House gallery for nearly two hours as a mob of  insurrectionists launched a deadly attack on our Capitol, our country,  and our democracy. My colleagues and I took cover as domestic  terrorists waved the confederate flag in the People's House; as the  temple of our democracy was ransacked in the most deadly and  destructive assault on the U.S. Capitol since the War of 1812. The  events of January 6 were horrific. We know now that January 6 could  have ended in even more violence, harm, and loss of life. We know the  mob came ready for combat with nooses, zip ties, bats, bulletproof  vests, and pipes. We know they came within seconds of breaching the  United States Senate and ran around the inside of this building  chanting ``Hang Mike Pence'' and looking for our Speaker, Nancy Pelosi.  And we know that they had placed bombs at the Capitol, the Democratic  National Committee, and the Republican National Committee.   Why did they do all of this? Because for months, the man who sits in  the White House has refused to accept the will of the American people;  has refused to recognize that he lost a free and fair election-- decisively. And then he--and some Republican members of this Congress-- called on his followers to ``be wild.'' They told them to ``stand by.''  Then, they told them to ``fight like hell.'' Next, they proclaimed ``we  are going to the Capitol.'' The insurrectionists followed those orders  from the President of the United States. They went to the Capitol and  fought like hell. They tried to subvert our democracy, but they failed.   Donald Trump is the smoking gun. That gun is reloaded and whether or  not it goes off once more is up to us. We must send a clear message to  the President that the United States Congress will not stand by and  allow one man to turn our democracy into an autocracy; will not stand  by while that man incites insurrectionists to launch a deadly assault  on the United States Capitol.   I call on my colleagues to join me in voting to immediately impeach,  convict, and remove Donald J. Trump from office; to ensure he can never  run for elected office again; to fight for justice; to send a signal to  those across America and throughout the world who--incited and fueled  by this president--want to do us further harm; and to hold him fully  accountable for this attack on Congress, the United States of America,  and our democracy.   