 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 8, which  establishes House rules for the 117th Congress. This package contains  many strong reforms I support, including ones that prioritize ethics  and accountability, promote diversity and inclusion, and embrace  technology, including a provision I requested that expands machine- readability of House documents.   On October 1, 2020, I testified at the Rules Committee about the need  for the House to continue the progress we've made in expanding what  legislative materials and House documents are available in machine- readable formats. Today, bills and resolutions are posted to  congress.gov in a machine-readable format, however, materials for  markups are posted online as PDFs, and sometimes they are not even  searchable PDFs.   Why does this matter? If we receive amendments in the nature of a  substitute 24 hours before marking up lengthy bills, we cannot compare  amendments to original bills without manually reading documents line- by-line or investing in expensive software. This is also prohibitive to  public interest groups, stakeholders, and members of the public that  wish to follow the legislative process. With machine-readable formats,  Members, staff, and any interested party can easily analyze amendments  and any other House document.   I'm pleased to see that Section 3(j) directs the Committee on House  Administration, the Clerk, and relevant House offices to take further  steps to publish House documents in machine-readable formats and  enabling staff to create comparative prints.   This is critical for Members wishing to analyze legislation before  us, but the move is just as important for the sake of public  transparency. Public interest groups that advocate for government  transparency have long called for all government documents to be  available in machine readable formats because it enables informed  analysis and engagement.   I thank Chairman McGovern for including my suggestion in the proposed  House rules package for the 117th Congress that we are considering  today, and I urge my colleagues to support the legislation.   