 Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Congressman  Meadows for partnering with me on the bill, as well as our Chairwoman  Maloney and her incredibly strong and talented staff for their  leadership and for the continued support of the work that we have to do  on behalf of our residents at home.   I also want to thank our forever chairman, the late Chairman  Cummings, who is looking down on us from above, for his mentorship and  for working with us on this bill that would help some of our most  vulnerable retirees.   We all know that no one deserves to be scammed out of their money,  but that is especially true for our retirees. This bill, the  Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act, is a bipartisan effort to  protect those retirees who are recipients of Federal benefits.   Retirees who have been declared mentally incompetent or have another  qualifying disability can have their monthly benefits paid on their  behalf through a representative, frequently referred to as the  representative payee. In recent years, what we have seen in our country  is there has been a sharp increase in the number of representative  payees who have taken advantage of their position and committed fraud,  hurting many of our residents.   We need to hold them accountable, and this bill does that. The bill  would expand protection to over 2 million workers all across the United  States.   In my home State of Michigan, there are nearly 40,000 Federal  retirees who are currently unprotected from this crime, impacting their  quality of life. They are supposed to be living in peace during their  retirement years. They are becoming targets instead, and we need to  push back together, in a bipartisan way.   I hear firsthand from our senior residents about their concerns, from  feeling neglected in the assisted living facilities to unaffordable  drug prices, and I want to ensure that our older Americans have one  less worry about financial predators who will misuse their hard-earned  money.    For far too long, this lack of Federal protection has left some of  our, again, most vulnerable civil servants without legal recourse when  they are taken advantage of and their retirement funds are misused. We  must ensure that the most impacted communities are protected on every  front.   That is what this legislation will do. It will prevent those who have  committed representative payee fraud from serving as representative  payees in the future and hold them accountable to their victims.   Let's really ensure that our public servants and our civil servants  who have dedicated their lives to serving our country are protected  against this fraud.   Again, I want to thank my beloved Chairman Cummings for coming to  myself and my colleague, Congressman Meadows. When he did, we couldn't  say no to him, so we worked together in trying to resolve this issue  for so many folks, again, 2 million Federal employees across the  country who need this protection.   Mr. Speaker, I really do urge my colleagues to support this bill.   