 Madam President, with the COVID-19 pandemic continuing  to devastate our public health and our economy, it is far past time  that we reach agreement on another relief package that is so  desperately needed. It will require good-faith negotiations on both  sides of the aisle, not just saying no and turning the tragedy of  200,000 COVID deaths into a partisan political issue.   For my part, I believe there should be nine elements in the bill.  First, there should be an extension of the Paycheck Protection Program,  known as PPP. This is a program that I crafted with Senators Marco  Rubio, Jeanne Shaheen, and Ben Cardin to provide forgivable loans to  our small businesses so that they could pay their employees.   I am pleased to report that, in my State, 28,000 small businesses-- that is nearly three out of four of our small businesses--have taken  advantage of $2.3 billion in forgivable loans, sustaining 250,000 jobs.  It has truly made a difference. Now we need to do a second round of PPP  for the hardest hit businesses, those for whom the first PPP loan was  the lifeline but they need additional help.   So we have set a revenue test such that, if your revenue is 35  percent below what it was in an equivalent quarter last year, you would  qualify for another PPP loan. In addition, those who have never  received a first PPP loan could apply under the initial rules. This  would make a difference in keeping our small businesses afloat,  particularly those in the tourism industry that have been so hard hit,  and ensuring that their employees will still have jobs.   Second, we need to provide aid to our schools. I have talked to  superintendents all over the State of Maine, and I have visited schools  in Hollis and Houlton. I have seen firsthand the enormous investments  they have had to make in order to reopen the schools safely or adapt to  a hybrid model, depending on where the location is and the incidence of  COVID-19.   In one school that I visited, they have replaced all of the round  tables around which the elementary schoolchildren would usually be  working with desks lined up. It reminds me of when I went to elementary  school because that was the style of teaching back then.   They are sanitizing and deep-cleaning the schools. They are trying to  figure out what to do with the little toys that are used to teach  children how to count: How do they sanitize them? Or do they get each  child his or her own set of toys to place in individual bins?   They are cutting new doors into the nurse's office so that no longer  will ill children or staffers have to go through the front office. They  are putting up plexiglass shields. They are adding additional bus  routes in order to safely separate the children.   These changes cost a lot of money, and it is one reason why, in  addition to providing direct aid to our schools, we need to provide  assistance to our States, our counties, and our communities.   I have talked to city and town managers all over the State of Maine.  They did not receive much from the initial allocation of funding that  went to State governments, and they need help now.   Let me give you an example. The city of Auburn has had to freeze six  vacant positions because of expected revenue losses. That is two  firefighters, a police officer, and three public works employees. These  cuts come as the city of Auburn has spent $200,000 in new expenses  responding to the virus.   I have yet to talk to a city or a town manager who is not  experiencing the need due to similar cuts and who experienced delayed  or canceled public works projects, like paving local roads. That has a  trickle-down effect. It affects the contractor and his or her  employees, who will no longer have that work. It affects their  suppliers from whom the concrete or the tar is no longer going to be  purchased.   This is why I feel strongly that the bipartisan SMART Act, which I  worked on with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, led by Senator  Cassidy and Senator Menendez, needs to be passed. We can negotiate  exactly how much money and exactly to whom it should go, but it is  essential that aid go to the community level.   Fourth, we need to help our airlines. Otherwise, come October 1--just  right around the corner--we are going to see massive layoffs. We are  talking about between 80,000 and 100,000 layoffs of airline employees  and also related jobs in airports, such as concessionaires. It will  also lead to canceled service, if there are no longer crews for  airplanes and ground crews. We are going to lose airline service to  communities all over this country.   We need not to forget the motor coach industry, which few people are  talking about. They have been hurt by the cancelation of everything  from school sports to tours. We need to help them survive this period  of economic struggle. Senator Jack Reed and I have introduced a bill  with more than 40 cosponsors on both sides of the aisle that would  provide that assistance.   No. 6, we need to continue investing in testing. That is key to  reopening our economy and safely housing people in nursing homes and  other long-term care facilities.   I am excited by the new Abbott Labs test, which will cost only $5 and  give a result in 15 minutes. I take particular pride because Abbott  Labs has a large facility in my State, and they are expanding from  Scarborough to Westbrook in order to produce these tests more rapidly.   No. 7, we need to provide limited but important liability protections  to our frontline hospital workers, to our small businesses, and to our  schools and colleges.   One restaurant owner put it this way to me. He said: Susan, what if I  get sued despite taking every precaution, following the CDC guidelines,  but a customer comes in, later develops the coronavirus, and sues me,  saying, I think I got it in that restaurant. Well, I am pretty sure  that he didn't, but I still have to pay to defend that lawsuit?   Clearly we should not protect anyone who is guilty of gross  negligence, but  [[Page S5851]]  that is not what we are talking about here.   No. 8, we need to provide a reasonable Federal unemployment insurance  supplement to help struggling families during this difficult time when  so many people have lost jobs through no fault of their own, but we  need to make sure that we are not creating a disincentive to return to  work when jobs reopen. That is why I like the approach of either having  an 80-percent replacement of the pre-job-loss wage or figuring out a  formula that would approach 80 percent. That is far higher than the  normal wage replacement under our State systems, but these are  extraordinary times.   No. 9, we need an emergency appropriation for the U.S. Postal  Service. Otherwise, I am worried that the Postal Service will not be  able to meet its payroll starting the second quarter of next year.  Think of the costs the Postal Service has incurred. It has had to  retrofit every post office, every processing center in this country, as  well as provide protective gear to its postal employees who are both  essential and frontline workers.   Those are the elements that I believe should be in the next  coronavirus package. While there are disagreements on perhaps three of  the nine elements that I have suggested, by and large, there is  agreement on seven of the elements. There may be disputes about exactly  how much money should be appropriated, but we can work those disputes  out, just as we do in the appropriations process.   We simply cannot wait and do nothing and just hope for the best. Hope  is not an effective strategy when it comes to dealing with this  persistent pandemic. The American people have demonstrated resilience,  courage, and compassion during this crisis, but they need our  additional help.   I hope that next week we will put aside the partisan bickering, the  ``just say no'' approach that we have seen, unfortunately, from the  Democratic leader, and that we will come together for the good of the  American people; that we will come together not as Democrats and  Republicans and Independents but as Americans to do what our country  needs done right now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   