 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of  this rule and the underlying legislation, which funds key health,  education, and other priorities that our Nation has simply  underinvested in for much too long.   I am particularly appreciative for the increased investments in  TRIO--and I would mention that is a bipartisan initiative--and WIC-- Women, Infant, and Children--among other things.   I want to talk now about two amendments that I have offered to this  bill, which were made in order under this rule. The first is a  bipartisan amendment to increase the Low Income Heating Energy  Assistance Program funding by $10 million. In the United States, 40  million households every year are unable to afford their basic  household energy needs.   I know in my State the temperature ranges between 55 degrees below  zero to over 100 degrees. So it is not optional to have heating or  cooling.   In many cases this means choosing between food, medicine, and  electricity needs to make ends meet, or leaving a home that is unsafe  and unhealthy because of the upper or lower temperatures.   In Wisconsin, only 31 percent of eligible households received LIHEAP  assistance in 2020. Increasing the funding available for this program  will help ensure that more of our most vulnerable citizens have  adequate resources to prevent their energy needs from further straining  their budgets.   The second amendment, Madam Speaker, would provide an additional $2  million for school breakfast expansion grants included in the 2010  child nutrition reauthorization. I am so proud that the committee  included $10 million for this program in the underlying bill. Every  child deserves a morning free of hunger and to have the opportunity to  learn, grow, and focus in school without worrying where their next meal  will come from.   Currently, out of the 97,000 schools that participate in the school  meals program, over 7,000 of them do not provide breakfast. With these  additional funds, we can close the school breakfast gap.    Madam Speaker, with these funds we can close  the school breakfast gap and ensure that all students receive breakfast  who want it.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the rule and the underlying  bill.   