 Mr. President, the experts, the health officials, and the  data have made it clear, we can and we should safely reopen our  schools. But parents, students, and even some teachers are asking the  question: Why have we failed to do that?   There is a pretty simple answer. Politicians are putting political  interests ahead of the livelihoods of our kids and of our families.  According to the science presented by the Centers for Disease Control  and Prevention, CDC, schools can dust off their books and safely open  up classrooms to students with commonsense precautions.   Transmission of COVID among students is relatively rare, and  classrooms have not been a significant source of community  transmission, according to the CDC. Furthermore, the CDC says ``it is  possible for communities to reduce the incidence of COVID-19 while  keeping schools open for in-person instruction.''   So what is the holdup? Despite his CDC's own advice, President  Biden's administration continues to play games, to ignore the science,  and to send mixed messages to the American people.   Their lack of clarity and their reluctance to get students back in  the classroom is a detriment to our children, our working families, and  our economy.   Just recently, President Biden's own CDC Director stated that the  ``vaccination of teachers is not''--not--``a prerequisite for safe  reopening of schools'' and that ``there is increasing data to suggest  that schools can safely reopen.'' But shortly after her statement, the  White House Press Secretary moved the goalposts once again, claiming  that the Biden administration's aim is to have more than 50 percent of  the schools offer ``some teaching'' in person ``at least one''--one  ``day a week'' by the 100th day of Joe Biden's Presidency. One day a  week, folks. Yes, you heard it right, have kids in school only one day  per week and no sooner than the end of April.   Just days after this, after coming under immense pressure from the  American people, including folks on the left, the President moved the  goalposts again and threw his communications staff under the bus--a  schoolbus--for the one-day-a-week goal.   Folks, our youngest generation is falling behind. Virtual learning  does not give them the attention they need to be successful, and the  isolation it creates has had an enormous impact on their mental health.   But it is not just impacting our kids. The closure of schools and  childcare centers has disproportionately impacted women, most notably  our moms. An analysis from the National Women's Law Center found that  275,000 women left the workforce in January alone, with many staying  home to care  [[Page S842]]  for their kids and often becoming their de facto teachers and tutors.   Women across the country have made enormous strides in all fields of  service, and our moms shouldn't be forced to put their careers on hold  because our schools, at the direction of this administration, are  failing to do their jobs.   In Iowa, because of Governor Reynolds' bold leadership, many of our  kids have safely been back at school since August. The Iowa General  Assembly passed and the Governor signed legislation to require safe in- person learning in our State's public school system. Now the rest of  the country needs to follow Iowa's lead and get our kids safely back in  the classroom.   At the Federal level, I am helping lead an effort that would require  schools to offer a safe in-person learning option to students by April  30, 2021.   It is increasingly clear that the Biden administration, one that  prides itself on following the science, is actually more loyal to  leftwing special interests than the well-being of our kids. Science,  not special interests, should be guiding these decisions, and that  means Washington should not be locking students out of the classroom.   This type of meddling is precisely why I have always been leery of  the overinvolvement of the Federal Government in education. So to get  our bureaucrats and special interests out of way and to put students  first, I am helping lead that effort to require schools to offer safe  in-person learning to our students by April 30, 2021.   To guide us through this pandemic, I suggest we follow these revised  and updated three r's of education: first, respect the science; second,  reopen our schools safely; and third, return students, teachers, and  learning to the classroom.   It is long past time schools across the country follow the science  and the data. Let's do the right thing by safely getting our kids back  in the classroom and help get our parents back to work. The well-being  of our children, our working moms and dads, and our Nation's economy  depend on it.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   