 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of repealing the  1991 Authorization for Use of Military Force.   Today, we have another opportunity to demonstrate that Congress is  serious about reclaiming congressional war powers and serious about  representing the servicemembers and veterans who have served our  country. Too often, they have served under authorities that were signed  into law decades previously.  [[Page H3175]]    While the Constitution is clear that only Congress can declare war,  we have steadily surrendered this responsibility to the executive  branch. Building off the House's vote earlier this month to repeal the  2002 AUMF, we are considering today two additional bipartisan bills  that repeal other outdated and inactive AUMFs.   First, we are considering my legislation to repeal the 1991 AUMF  against Iraq. This AUMF was Congress' authorization for the first Gulf  war of 1991 in response to Saddam Hussein's invasion of Kuwait 30 years  ago. The short military conflict that took place under this authority  has been over for three decades, and we must remove this old, inactive  authority from the books. Repealing this AUMF would help ensure that it  is not misused or stretched by any American President going forward.   I thank the broad range of Members and advocates who have supported  this legislation and helped bring us to where we are today.  Representatives Gallagher, Golden, and Meijer have been critical  partners in this effort to repeal inactive, outdated AUMFs. We come  from different political persuasions and different areas of the  country, but we share backgrounds in national security, a commitment to  serving our constituents, and a focus on our constitutional  responsibilities.   House Foreign Affairs Committee Chair Meeks and Ranking Member McCaul  are also original cosponsors of our bill to repeal the 1991 AUMF. They  have been instrumental in moving this legislation forward quickly,  including a unanimous vote out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee  earlier this year.   I applaud Chairman Meeks for his leadership of the committee and for  sending a clear message that Congress must assert its war powers. Even  as a Democratic chairman with a Democrat in the White House, Chairman  Meeks is making clear that this is not about a particular President. It  is about fulfilling our obligation as Members of Congress.   Intelligence Committee Chair Schiff, Armed Services Committee Chair  Smith, State and Foreign Operations Chair Lee, Rules Chair McGovern,  and Rules Ranking Member Cole are also original cosponsors of this  bill. And I truly appreciate the many other cosponsors who have been on  board with this legislation, many of whom have served our Nation in  national security roles prior to coming to Congress.    I also want to thank Congresswoman Barbara Lee for her leadership on  AUMF issues and congratulate her on the House voting with strong  bipartisan support to repeal the 2002 AUMF earlier this month.    Notably, my bill to repeal the 1991 AUMF is also  supported by a broad range of foreign policy and veterans-focused  organizations.   The American Legion, the United States' largest veterans service  organization, has emphasized the importance of Congress reasserting its  constitutional authority over war powers. In addition, I thank the many  other organizations that have been supportive of this effort for their  endorsement of our legislation.   For years, Americans have been calling on their Representatives in  Congress to exercise our responsibility to make decisions on war and  peace. We cannot simply allow AUMFs to accumulate without congressional  action.   We have more work ahead of us as we reassert congressional war powers  and reform, repeal, and, in some cases, update AUMFs. But, today, we  can take an important step by passing my widely supported legislation  to repeal a 30-year Authorization for Use of Military Force.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' on the  repeal of the 1991 Gulf war Authorization for Use of Military Force.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of repealing the  1957 AUMF. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, I was also not born when  this Authorization for Use of Military Force was put in place.   In addition to considering my legislation to repeal the 1991 Gulf war  AUMF, I am pleased that we are considering a separate bill that I co- led with Congressman Meijer to repeal an open-ended resolution from  1957 that authorized the use for military force in the Middle East.   This Cold War-era authorization still on the books today is more than  60 years old, and it provides outdated, blank-check authorities to an  executive branch or Presidential administration that might seek to  justify expanded operations in the Middle East. It is not necessary,  and we must repeal it.   Repealing this resolution would not undermine any existing U.S.  military operations, but it would help ensure that its significantly  outdated authorities are not used or abused by any future President.  Additionally, it would show that Congress is ready to exercise its  responsibilities under the Constitution.   I was pleased to see this bill pass out of the Foreign Affairs  Committee on a voice vote, and I appreciate Congressman Meijer's  leadership, as well as the bipartisan cosponsors who have joined him.  [[Page H3177]]    It is far past time for Congress to reassert our war powers. I  welcome the bipartisan and diverse coalitions that have mobilized  around this shared goal of constitutional responsibility, Congress  demonstrating its sense of responsibility as it relates to authorizing  war powers in moving forward with repealing these outdated and unused  authorizations.   We owe it to our constituents, especially those who have served in  uniform. While they time and time again demonstrate their willingness  to serve our Nation, there should never be a worry that they may be  deployed under a 60-year-old-plus authority. It is important that every  time we send servicemembers off to war, we here in the United States  Congress are taking the step of being responsible by voting on  authorizations.   Today, it is time to vote to take this outdated resolution off the  books. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to do so today.   