 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  5760, the Grid Security Research and Development Act. I want to thank  Mr. Bera for his leadership in introducing this bipartisan bill and for  his commitment to developing legislation that will help strengthen  America's electricity grid. I also want to thank my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle who have recognized the importance of these  investments and have joined me in supporting this important  legislation.   The Grid Security Research and Development Act is updated version of  a bill that Mr. Bera and I introduced, along with many of my Science  Committee colleagues, in the previous two Congresses. This bill  provides legislative guidance to the activities carried out by the  recently established Department of Energy Office of Cybersecurity,  Energy Security, and Emergency Response by authorizing a cross-agency  research and development program to advance electric grid cybersecurity  and physical security. In particular, the bill authorizes activities on  grid resilience and emergency response efforts, cybersecurity test  beds, and education and workforce training for the energy sector.   The passage of this bill is particularly important now, as states all  over the U.S. are experiencing unprecedented extreme weather events,  ranging from historic hurricanes in Texas to the ongoing wildfires in  California and Oregon. In California specifically, utilities are  shutting off power to millions of customers when there are high winds  in certain areas to prevent the onset of wildfires sparked by trees and  other vegetation near critical grid infrastructure. This bill contains  provisions to help address these important issues by directing the  Department of Energy to conduct research on technologies to assist with  the safe planning and execution of emergency power shutoffs, offer  technical assistance on related topics, and establish a training  program to improve grid resilience, among other provisions.   That's why I am proud to rise today in support of H.R. 5760. It would  make important investments to improve the security and ensure the  safety and resilience of our electric grid infrastructure. I also urge  my colleagues to make a wise investment for our nation by joining me in  supporting this bipartisan bill.   