 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership  and the ranking member for his excellent comments.   I understand the concerns, and I would just say that, as the first  South Asian-American woman ever elected to the U.S. House of  Representatives, I am so proud to see this important bill come to the  floor, and I want to thank my colleague, Representative   Joe Wilson,  for his help and support of this important bipartisan bill.   South Asians are the second fastest growing minority group in the  United States, and yet this group is four times more at risk of  developing heart disease than the general population and has the  highest prevalence of type 2 diabetes.   The research and understanding of why we are so prone to heart  disease is limited, while the devastating impact on our families is  only increasing. In fact, the story of this bill, as much legislation  happens, began when my former deputy chief of staff, Ven Neralla,  unexpectedly lost his mother to heart disease. Wanting to understand  why this happened, we found that this was not just an isolated  incident, but an alarming trend that had received far too little  attention.   The South Asian Heart Health bill will fund the creation of  culturally appropriate materials, engagement with community groups  working to promote South Asian heart health, and create an information  clearinghouse about South Asian heart health. The bill also funds  grants for the CDC and NIH to conduct research on the impact of heart  disease on South Asians in the United States.   The bill has been endorsed by an incredible number of medical  organizations, including the American College of Cardiology, the  American Heart Association, WomenHeart, the South Asian Public Health  Association, and many, many more.   COVID-19 has taught us the value of preventing underlying health  conditions and addressing health inequities afflicting communities of  color. The South Asian Heart Health bill is a significant step in  raising the alarm, reversing the trend of heart disease in our  communities, and saying to South Asian-American communities across the  country: We see you here in Congress, and we are ready to help.   