 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for the  time allotted to me.   Today, I speak to celebrate the legacies of fellow Houstonians,  former President George H.W. Bush and former First Lady Barbara Bush.   Before and after Mr. Bush's Presidency, he and Barbara made Houston,  Texas, their home. They quickly became mainstays in our community, in  part, because of their support of Houston sports teams--I know; I sat  in the big box with them at many Astros games--and also for the Houston  Rodeo. They both wore their hats really well and all things Houston.  But mostly, it was because of their advocacy for serving the public  good in all their philanthropic efforts.   Barbara Bush was an enthusiastic champion of improving literacy for  families and children. The Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy,  for example, donated money to replace books and materials destroyed  after Hurricane Harvey.   Former President Bush was equally committed to public service. His  foundation, Points of Light, mobilized volunteers after Hurricane  Katrina hit the Gulf Coast in 2005; and, as the chairwoman noted,  President Bush, together with President Clinton and others, always  together, formed the Presidents Club to help after any disaster. He was  able to reach across the aisle and, again, do what he knew to do best,  which was to serve the public good.   I am a proud cosponsor of this commemorative coin act to honor both  of them and their charitable work in Houston and throughout. I cannot  think of a better ambassador for Houston for all these years than the  Bushes.   Many of us went from calling him President Bush to just simply George  and Barbara because they were always together. I know every time we  went to a game of the Astros and that kiss cam would go around the  field, whenever it got there to either George or Barbara, George was  ready, and the crowd just loved it, because the President was always  there, ready to kiss Barbara on the spot as long as the kiss cam caught  them.   They were truly Houston's greatest ambassadors. They are missed, but  their legacy lives on.   I thank the sponsors of this bill, Senator Cornyn over in the Senate  and Mr. Williams here in the House.   I thank the chairwoman for giving me the time to say a few words  about some people who were really very, very, important to Houston.   