 Mr. Speaker, our nation is facing an unprecedented  pandemic, and I am proud that Congress has come together again to  provide desperately needed resources and relief to the American people.   The ``Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act'' is  the third emergency relief bill to provide assistance to millions of  Americans, especially for our healthcare workers, first responders,  small businesses, and individuals who are unable to work because of  this outbreak.   Eighty percent of the $340 billion in emergency funding included in  the bill goes directly to state and local governments, supporting their  frontline efforts to respond to the virus. More than $125 billion will  be used to support our hospitals and purchase medical supplies likes  gloves, face masks, and gowns and equipment like ventilators and  respirators that our healthcare heroes desperately need.   The bill also provides small businesses with the capital to sustain  operations and payroll, preserving the jobs of millions and ensuring  that those job creators can reopen immediately once the virus passes.   Our around-the-clock efforts to negotiate this bill paid off--we've  reached a historic bipartisan, bicameral agreement. While there  [[Page H1854]]  are some things in this bill that I wish were addressed differently,  the bill will do what is intended: support the American people, lessen  the impact of the virus, and jumpstart our economy.   As many of you know, Tarrant Country has a ``stay-at-home'' order  currently in effect, and due to that order and travel concerns, I  disappointingly will not be in D.C. to cast my vote in person today.  Nevertheless, relief is on its way to the American people.   As we continue to fight this invisible enemy, it is vitally important  that we remain in it together, follow the recommendations of the  President, his task force, and our state and local leaders, and support  those that need assistance during this time. The health and safety of  our community relies on our partnership.   As the situation progresses, I will continue to work with President  Trump, Governor Abbott, and local leaders to keep our friends and  family safe and ensure we win against this pandemic.   