 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S3177]]     Madam President, the murder of George Floyd captured the  attention and the emotions of the entire world. In the weeks that have  followed, folks around the world have been crying out for a change, an  end to racial inequality and the beginning of a new era of justice,  understanding, and healing. While sometimes uncomfortable, this  conversation is much needed, and, in my opinion, it is long overdue. It  should not have taken the loss of a life for us to begin to talk and  listen and to learn.   I grew up in a predominantly White community, but as a young woman, I  was truly blessed to live, learn, and work in communities that were  rich in diversity. It is difficult to understand the unfairness someone  faces due to their skin color, but we can make time to listen. I did  this last week when I sat down with our own Senate Chaplain, Barry  Black.   For those who do not know him, Chaplain Black is a remarkable and  inspiring person. After serving over 27 years in the U.S. Navy, he now  serves as a spiritual guide for Senators and opens our proceedings  every day with a thoughtful prayer. One of my favorite things he told  me was about a lesson his mother had taught him. She told him that God  gave us two ears, two eyes, but only one mouth--and we should use them  proportionately.   I believe the United States is, by far, the greatest country in the  world, but that does not mean that we don't have past and current  issues that we need to address. Let's be frank, it was not a single,  isolated event--the murder of Mr. Floyd--that incited the raw emotions  that are still burning weeks later.   In Iowa, Governor Kim Reynolds signed a historic police reform bill,  which will add additional accountability for law enforcement. This will  benefit both the community and the police. Here is what is remarkable  about this new law: Partisanship wasn't a factor.   Republican house majority leader Matt Windschitl and Democratic  representative Ako Abdul-Samad, two of the extraordinary leaders that  ushered this bill through the house and through our legislature, spoke  with me this morning, and both of them said that, while they don't each  view this as a perfect bill, it was more than cosmetic. It had real  meaning and depth, and it was a first step.   I agreed with them because any journey starts with a single step, a  meaningful step. The bill passed the Iowa House by a vote--again, with  these two extraordinary leaders--by a vote of 98-0, unanimous. It then  went to the Iowa Senate, and it passed in the Iowa Senate 49-0.  Partisanship wasn't a factor. The only thing that mattered was doing  the right thing.   Not a single dissenting vote was cast, and it even had the  endorsement of the Iowa Police Officers Association. We are only going  to improve as a nation if we come together and make everyone a part of  the solution. We can do that. Iowa put politics aside, and they got it  done. I wish we could see more of Iowa in this Chamber.   We need both sides of the aisle to unite and to pass Senator Tim  Scott's JUSTICE Act. The JUSTICE Act offers real solutions to police  reform by increasing oversight, strengthening incident report  requirements, and ensuring the correct use of body cameras. It includes  an issue that I have been working to address: sexual misconduct within  our law enforcement.   The JUSTICE Act is simply a commonsense approach to effective police  reform. The bill includes a number of bipartisan provisions, including  the antilynching proposal put forward by Senators John Cornyn and  Kamala Harris. It is heartbreaking that the bill to address these  issues was blocked by Senate Democrats.   The Senate exists so we can debate these issues in a civil manner and  reach a consensus so they aren't resolved in the streets. We can't do  that if the other side chooses to shut down meaningful debate or give  in to radical ideas like defunding the police, which won't solve the  problem of inequality or end violence.   I ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Are you willing  to come to the table? Are you willing to accept that amendment process?  Are you willing to take the first step in our journey? Will you put  politics aside and help us enact reforms to ensure the safety of our  communities?   Our Nation's journey toward becoming a more perfect union and  securing the blessings of liberty for all Americans has taken a long  and bumpy road, and we still have a lot farther to go. It starts with  that one step. But at this moment, the country and the world are  demanding we pick up the stride. Let's follow Iowa's lead. Let's come  together and take meaningful action.   To be clear, the passage of a single bill is not going to suddenly  reverse centuries of injustice. Passing laws are a simple part. If we  really want to change behavior, we need to commit ourselves to changing  our hearts. The best way that we can personally commemorate the life of  George Floyd and the many others before him who lost their lives or  suffered injustice is to open our own hearts.   Chaplain Black summed up the solution best when he quoted to me Mark  12:31: ``Love your neighbor as yourself.'' It is both that simple and  that challenging.   So I am asking all of us in this body to be more like Iowa. Let's  find a solution. Let's take that first step and begin our journey  together.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   