 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a  vote on agreeing to the Speaker's approval of the Journal.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, as the granddaughter of the founder of the  first Native-American baseball team in Arizona, I rise to speak in  favor of H.R. 6020 and Minor League Baseball.   I thank Chairwoman Maloney and Mrs. Miller, and the Committee on  Oversight and Reform staff for their wonderful efforts on this issue.   In the late 1940s and early 1950s, my grandfather recognized the  talent in his community and started up a baseball team to help give  everyone a shot and strengthen our connection to each other. My entire  family got involved. I remember collecting foul balls because my  grandfather gave us 5 cents for each one we retrieved, so we could play  a role as well.   As the team started winning State championships, more and more people  wanted to join. My grandfather welcomed everyone, making sure that  America's pastime would reflect America's diversity. Communities across  the country enjoy celebrating with their community's Minor League  Baseball teams, just like my community with my grandfather's team.   My home team, the Albuquerque Isotopes, filled their stands with an  average of 8,000 people for each of their games last year, and sold  more than half-a-million tickets. Albuquerque would be devastated to  lose our team, and small businesses that have concessions at the game  would suffer immensely. These games equate to jobs in my district.   Major League Baseball may not be targeting the Isotopes with this  change, but dozens of communities aren't so lucky. In incredibly  unreasonable negotiations, Major League Baseball is trying to force  regulations on Minor League Baseball that would shutter not only teams  but also the dreams of kids from all walks of life who are inspired by  the games they watch.   Minor League Baseball provides affordable entertainment and  immeasurable joy for families that can't afford Major League Baseball  games or are living in rural parts of our country.   Mr. Speaker, I fully support the GAO report that will show to Major  League Baseball, and everyone else in our country, just how critical  Minor League Baseball has been to the social, economic, and historical  development of our communities. I am excited to go back home in May and  throw the first pitch for the Isotopes game and hope that Members of  Congress across the country can continue to have that honor.    Go `Topes.   