 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 7120, the George  Floyd Justice in Policing Act, which bans chokeholds, creates a  national police misconduct registry, and makes it easier to prosecute  police for their brutality, among many other much-needed provisions.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Congressional Black Caucus and  everybody who worked so hard to make sure that we have this moment.   The murder of George Floyd and the pleasure the murdering officer  seemed to take in his power over a struggling Black man are nothing  new.   My heart broke when I first saw the video footage of the murder, not  just for George Floyd and his loved ones, but also because this  brutality and all the police violence against Black men and women  before it have been used for centuries to terrorize, subjugate, and  silence the Black community.   I have been fighting against this since my first days as an activist  and member of the California State Assembly, when I took on then-Los  Angeles Police Chief Daryl Gates, who popularized the chokehold  maneuver, which killed over a dozen Black men in Los Angeles between  1975 and 1982.   But now I would like to pay tribute to the brave men and women who  for so many years have confronted bad cops, racist cops, brutal police  chiefs, and the police protective leagues and unions who shield them  from accountability. I want to pay tribute to Angela Davis, Elaine  Brown, and the Black Panthers, who fought hard and sacrificed mightily  fighting bad cops. And then there is Reverend Al Sharpton, who took up  the fight against bad cops and assisted their families in getting legal  representation when these issues were not popular.  [[Page H2474]]    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Reverend Jackson, who worked with me to  confront the racist L.A. Police Chief Daryl Gates. I want to thank  Colin Kaepernick, who took the knee and challenged the killings and  beatings of unarmed Blacks. And lastly, I want to thank Black Lives  Matter: uncompromising, disruptive, energetic, and dedicated to undoing  police killings and abuse.   Mr. Speaker, I want to challenge the mayors and members of city  councils and county commissioners who control police budgets to get the  courage to reimagine what it means to serve and protect and undo the  system of rogue cops that has gone on for far too long.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, I want to say to the protesters: I stand  with you.   No justice, no peace.   