 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  2339, the Protecting American Lungs and Reversing the Youth Tobacco  Epidemic Act of 2019 and the efforts by the House to curb the youth e- cigarette and vaping epidemic.   Congress must take strong action to stop the marketing of tobacco  products to children and end the e-cigarette epidemic among our youth.  In 2009, Congress passed the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco  Control Act (Tobacco Control Act), which provided the Food and Drug  Administration (FDA) with authority to regulate certain tobacco  products marketed towards children. And today, the House is passing the  Protecting American Lungs and Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act  introduced by Representatives Pallone and Shalala, which will  strengthen the FDA's authority to regulate tobacco products marketed  towards children, particularly the insidious e-cigarettes that have  swept the country in the decade since we passed the Tobacco Control  Act. The legislative intent is rooted in the important objective of  preventing youth access to tobacco products and stopping big tobacco  and others from preying on our children by developing a new generation  of nicotine-addicted smokers.   For years, many of my colleagues and I have worked with FDA and  stakeholders to ensure that traditional, handcrafted premium cigars  that are not used by or marketed to children are not swept up in an  overbroad regulation. We introduced bipartisan legislation this  Congress, as we have in last four Congresses, that reinforces the  legislative intent of the Tobacco Control Act and narrowly defines  traditional non-flavored handcrafted premium cigars not marketed to  children. Our bill currently has 78 bipartisan cosponsors, and last  Congress, our legislation H.R. 564 had 149 bipartisan cosponsors.   I would like to thank Chairman Pallone for working with me and others  to address what I believe could have been unintended consequences of  H.R. 2339 of subjecting traditional large and premium cigars not  marketed to children to overbroad regulation. The bill as amended in  the Energy and Commerce Committee correctly exempts from certain  regulations this small subset of traditional, handcrafted cigars that  are not marketed to children. The FDA would continue to have the  authority to subject traditional and large premium cigars to important  FDA regulations like minimum age requirements; prohibition of  adulterated and misbranded products; requirements to register and  report products and ingredients; FDA inspections every two years; good  manufacturing practices and tobacco product standards; user fees; and  the FDA should have enforcement powers for these.   While it was appropriate to provide exemption from certain provisions  for traditional large and premium cigars in the bill, the definition of  traditional large and premium cigars contained in H.R. 2339 should be  updated to conform with the definition in H.R. 1854, to wit:   A traditional large and premium cigar should be defined as any roll  of tobacco that is wrapped in 100 percent leaf tobacco, bunched with  100 percent tobacco filler, contains no filter, tip, flavor additive,  or non-tobacco mouthpiece, and weighs at least 6 pounds per 1,000  count. It also must either have a 100 percent leaf tobacco binder and  be handrolled, or have a homogenized tobacco leaf binder and be made in  the United States using human hands to lay the 100 percent leaf tobacco  wrapper onto only one machine that bunches, wraps, and caps each  individual cigar. And, it should explicitly exclude cigarettes or  little cigars, as defined by the FDA.   The above definition is essentially the definition from H.R. 2339 but  without the single cigar retail price provision. The price point  included in the bill has no rational basis for inclusion and a cigar  made consistent with the definition above meets the test of the type of  cigar not consumed by our youth. Had I had the opportunity to offer an  amendment, I would have proposed striking this arbitrary provision from  the legislation to ensure that the family cigar producers in my  district, across Florida and small business owners across the country  including the many mom and pop retail shops are not subjected to this  unnecessary job-killing arbitrary price that lacks a rational basis.   I look forward to continuing to work with the Senate, the FDA and to  press my own bill in the House, H.R. 1854, to ensure that any laws or  regulations that deal with traditional large and premium cigars are  consistent with our shared goals of preventing youth tobacco use,  stopping arbitrary or unintended regulation and protecting American  jobs.   