 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1187.  Importantly, this package contains language from my legislation, the  Greater Accountability in Pay Act that requires public companies to  disclose the pay raise percentage of its executives and the pay raise  percentage of its median employees over the past year and compare each  to the rate of inflation. It also requires these companies to disclose  the ratio between the two pay raise percentages.   This legislation is the next logical step of the CEO pay ratio  disclosure requirement in the Dodd-Frank Act. The COVID-19 pandemic has  left millions of working-class Americans feeling vulnerable and  uncertain about their economic future--with many individuals and  families facing reduced hours, furloughs, or outright dismissals.   However, an article published by the New York Times in April  demonstrates the extraordinarily successful year it's been,  financially, for America's biggest CEOs--even at many of the companies  hit hardest by the events of the pandemic. The Times highlights how  companies like AT&T, Hilton, Boeing, and Norwegian Cruise Line all took  billions of dollars in losses in 2020 but still managed to pay each of  their CEOs more than $20 million.   Unfortunately, excessive compensation packages received by many of  America's CEOs is not a new or isolated event. The disparity between  executive compensation and the average worker pay has been growing for  decades. In August 2019, the Economic Policy Institute produce a report  which highlights that, even before the pandemic, CEOs were earning far  more than the typical worker, with CEO pay growing 940 percent between  1978 and 2018 while the wages for the typical worker grew by just 11.9  percent over that same period.   Additional transparency on pay ratios will also benefit investors, as  data is key to their decision-making process. A balanced pay ratio is  an indicator of a company's strong long-term performance and further  pay ratio disclosures would provide better insight on a company's  strategy, its values, and long-term outlook.   In order to get our economy back on track for everyone, we must  increase worker pay and ensure that CEO pay ratios are in line with a  corporation's fundamentals. I urge my colleagues to vote YES on bill.   