 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the  importance of the $31 billion allocated to tribal governments under the  American Rescue Plan (ARP), which includes a critical investment of $20  billion for direct relief for the 574 federally recognized tribal  nations across the United States.   As you know, this funding is a lifeline to Native communities, who  have suffered the most devastating and disproportionate impact of the  public health and economic crises of the COVID-19 pandemic. This $20  billion fund is critical for tribal governments to address the economic  losses and health disparities that were left unaddressed through  funding dedicated under the CARES Act, and I applaud your leadership to  prioritize tribal nations in the ARP since the federal government's  trust responsibility has largely been ignored throughout history.   In an effort to strengthen the intended goal of investing these funds  into Indian Country, I first and foremost would like to stress that the  federal government's trust responsibility to our tribal nations is of  upmost importance. It is absolutely essential that in its  implementation of the American Rescue Plan Act and in its distribution  of funding allocations, the Department of the Treasury fully and  properly consults with tribal leaders across the country, as required  by law. Additionally, in my conversations with tribal leaders over the  last year, I have heard three main concerns about relief fund  allocations for Native communities that are addressed in turn below.   First, I respectfully suggest clarification of the ARP language of  Section 9901, indicating how the $19 of the $20 billion direct relief  for tribal governments is to be allocated by Treasury to ensure  economic recovery funds can be used in a flexible manner, which was  left unaddressed under the CARES Act. The availability of flexible  spending is of grave importance since tribal governments faced  significant impacts from COVID-19 and, as a result, lost critical  government revenue. It is estimated that tribal nations sustained 35  percent revenue loss in 2020 since they lack traditional tax bases  enjoyed by state and local governments. Thus, tribal enterprise  revenues supply a majority of funding for basic government services to  make up for these losses.   As it stands, the language in this bill allows the Department of the  Treasury to implement this Fund such that tribes are able to meet their  individual and unique needs, whether it be addressing employment costs,  providing health care or education, or investing in much-needed  infrastructure. That flexibility is owed as a measure of tribal  sovereignty, and I will work with the Department of the Treasury to  ensure that the bill is implemented as such.   Second, the Department of the Treasury must conduct robust tribal  consultation with tribal nations to determine the most effective and  fair ways of measuring tribal population figures. Again, this issue was  left largely unaddressed under the language of the CARES Act, and the  past administration's decision to utilize the Indian Housing Block  Grant formula for its tribal population calculation resulted in  inaccurate funding distributions across the country. I urge the  Department to ask tribal governments to submit comments on their  preferred population metrics, and actually take those comments into  account in an effort to strengthen our government-to-government  relationship with tribal nations.   Finally, Congress's intent for the tribal set-aside in the Fund is to  provide an equitable allocation between economic and population-based  factors. The Department of the Treasury must provide a strong baseline  of support for all tribal governments, ensuring that no tribes are  excluded from these funds, in addition to considerations for revenue  losses and cost increases.   I thank the Speaker for the opportunity to speak to this historic  investment in Indian County, and for continued work to uphold the  Federal trust responsibility to the 574 federally recognized tribal  nations in the United States. I look forward to working with the  Department of the Treasury on swift implementation of this landmark  legislation.   