 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there is really no way to sugarcoat it.  Washington's budget process is broken. Every year, it is like  clockwork. First, the President submits his budget, like we saw this  past Monday. Then the House tears it up--no pun intended, really. They  ultimately fail to pass their own budget, and then Congress kicks the  can down the road before finally cramming through a budget-busting bill  at the eleventh hour.   There is no question this process is dysfunctional, but maybe, more  importantly, its lack of transparency allows for wasteful spending to  continue year after year--unchecked.   Folks, this cycle has to end. We have to start chipping away at this  ballooning debt, and we have to work toward cutting our government's  most wasteful spending.   One of the best ways to do this is to call it out when we see it. As  some of you may know, every month, I give out my Squeal Award to call  out the parts of our government that are wasting hard-working  Americans' tax dollars. I highlight the most egregious waste found  within the bowels of Washington, and then I put it forward and offer up  a solution to stop it.   Take, for example, what I like to call the binge buying bureaucrats.  Every year at the end of September, the bureaucrats charge billions of  dollars to taxpayers during Washington's annual use-it-or-lose-it  spending spree. We have seen the compulsive buying include items like  millions and millions of dollars of lobster and crab. We have even seen  spending on games and toys or even on something like a $12,000 foosball  table. Is that what we need in Washington, DC--foosball?   I have also called out Washington's boondoggles that are just  bottomless money pits for projects that never really even get off the  ground. As for the contractors who are working on these boondoggles,  the ones who are failing at their jobs, guess what--they are getting  big, fat bonuses.   A primary example of this egregious misuse of tax dollars is what I  like to call the moondoggle. Right there. There you have it. Look at  that--the moondoggle. I am talking about the rockets that are being  developed for NASA's next Moon mission. This project is billions of  dollars over budget and years--folks, not months but years--behind  schedule due to poor performance. Yet NASA still handed out generous  bonuses that totaled over $300 million to the contractor who is working  on the project.   Folks, it is absurd. This is absurd. We have to put an end to it, and  thankfully I believe we might actually be on a path that will do that.   Taxpayers should be encouraged that all of this ``squealing'' has  finally been heard at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue. Both of  these Squeal Award recipients--the binge buying bureaucrats and the  infamous moondoggle--have been targeted by President Trump in his  latest budget proposal.   Within its pages, the President states that his administration is  committed to stopping improper end-of-year spending and will begin  closely scrutinizing how money is being spent at the end of the fiscal  year to curtail waste. The President's budget also calls out the poor  performance of the NASA contractor and proposes management improvements  that would shave $300 million off the cost of the mission. This is  encouraging, no doubt about it.   In order to codify these efforts, I am putting forward a package of  commonsense reforms to join the President in urging Congress to  actually address Washington's spending addiction, get our budget  process back on track, and ensure Iowans understand exactly how their  hard-earned dollars are being spent.   In order to force Congress to do its job and become a better steward  of taxpayers' money, I have introduced the MAKE CENTS Act. This  comprehensive package combines five simple ideas I have previously  introduced.   First off, it requires an annual report listing every government- funded project that is $1 billion or more over budget or 5 years or  more behind schedule.   Second, it requires every project supported with Federal funds to  include a pricetag that is easily available for taxpayers.   Third, it eliminates use-it-or-lose-it impulse purchases by limiting  an agency's spending in the last 2 months of the fiscal year to no more  than the average spent in the other months.   Fourth, it prohibits Congress from going on recess without passing a  budget on time.   Fifth and lastly, it prohibits Congress from getting paid without its  passing a budget on time.   Folks, these are not new or radical reforms. Many folks in the Senate  and in the House have proposed various versions of these items,  recognizing the serious problem we face. Like the bill title reads,  these ideas just make sense. If hard-working Iowa families have to  manage their budgets, we really should expect Washington to do the  same. So let's get at it.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   