 Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Mr. Morelle, and  I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a very simple and  straightforward amendment. This amendment does not alter the critical  provisions of this legislation, but it does provide clarity about what  the PRO Act will and will not do, as well as recognizes State efforts  when it comes to employee rights and standards.   The PRO Act does not govern in any way the definition of who is an  employee for the workplace protections related to minimum wages,  overtime, or unemployment insurance. Under the PRO Act, the definition  of who is an employee only applies to who is eligible to join a union  and collectively bargain.   If a worker is an employee under the PRO Act, they will have the  right to join or refrain from union representation, engage in  collective bargaining and bargain over the terms and conditions of  their work.   As we know, employment status varies under Federal and State  statutes. Thus, an individual can be an employee under one law and  remain an independent contractor for the purposes of another.   I have a deep respect for State authority and believe that, as we  address Federal NLRA standards, it is important to thoughtfully assess  the 20 States that have taken differing actions currently relying on  some version of the ABC test to determine their own worker protection  eligibility.   This straightforward amendment I am offering today does not end the  discussion on the ABC test but helps clarify the benefits of the PRO  Act and sets our country on a path to support workers.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  amendment as well as the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Mr. Chairman, at this time, I would like to close out  our debate, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.    Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, today, as we consider the PRO Act, we  think of how far the labor movement has come and how far we have yet to  go. We think of all the important steps we need to take as a government  and as a nation to rebuild our working class as productivity is  dropping and inequality is rising, to ensure fundamental, basic  protections are in place for a better work environment and a stronger  economy for all, to secure workers' rights to collectively bargain.   The PRO Act represents the rights of the nearly 700,000 brothers and  sisters in unions across my home State of Michigan where the steady  humming of hard work and determination abounds. The PRO Act is in our  bones.   Public approval of labor unions is near a 50-year high, but union  membership is at its lowest level since just after the National Labor  Relations Act was enacted in 1935. It is not a coincidence that as  union membership has declined, income inequality has soared.   At the same time, new forms of work continue to emerge in our  innovation economy, work that allows individuals the complete freedom  to work whenever and for whomever they choose.   Many developed countries have sought to address the changing nature  of work through sectoral bargaining, where representatives of workers  and employers in a given industry bargain over wages and standards  throughout that industry. By covering more workers under a collective  bargaining agreement, workers and employers can bargain for industry- wide floors in wages and benefits.   This amendment asks the Government Accountability Office to look to  the future by evaluating how laws and  [[Page H908]]  policies on sectoral bargaining have been playing out in other  countries, strengthening workers' ability to effectively bargain in the  face of a rapidly changing economy.   Specifically, my amendment asks the GAO to assess the various forms  of sectoral bargaining, including:   One, multiemployer bargaining, which permits unions to collectively  bargain contracts for workers across a region or an industry;   Two, pattern bargaining, which involves union organizing and  collective bargaining with all the companies in an industry. The United  Auto Workers has used this model to bargain for common terms with the  big three in Michigan; and   Three, wage standard boards where government, industry, and labor  would be responsible for setting wages, benefits, and other terms and  conditions of employment across specific industries.   Madam Chairwoman, the Education and Labor Committee has held three  hearings on the future of work where we have begun exploring  alternative models to empower workers in the face of this rapidly  changing economy.   While sectoral bargaining is no substitute for the essential reforms  in the PRO Act, a number of emerging industries, think tanks, and other  worker advocates have begun to explore this idea to complement the PRO  Act.   We ask that the GAO also assess the economic impacts of sectoral  bargaining, including the impact on wages, prices, productivity, and  the development of emerging industries, including those who engage  their workforces through technology.   As a co-chair of the Future of Work Task Force on the New Democrat  Coalition, we, as Democrats, realize that there is an urgency to start  to fix the problem that some of this legislation addresses. But this  must not be the end of the conversation of what we need to do to  support workers and allow our economy to thrive in the 21st century  labor movement.   Another amendment I had introduced was not made in order, but it  would have asked the GAO to explore the deployment of portable benefit  systems and the feasibility of a new employee classification for this  gig economy and their employees.   We will continue exploring these alternative work models that ensure  a strong set of benefits and protections for workers, while allowing  them to retain the independence and flexibility they want.   With a comprehensive assessment by the GAO on sectoral bargaining in  other countries, Congress will be better informed on the next steps  after the PRO Act is enacted into law.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I reserve the balance of  my time.   