 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the  launch of the U.S. military offensive in Afghanistan against the  Taliban and al-Qaida in response to their ruthless attack on America.  As a result of our Nation's resolve and the sacrifice and service of  our brave men and women over the past two decades, Osama bin Laden is  dead, and our homeland has been guarded against additional large-scale  terror attacks.   Up until President Joe Biden's sloppy and poorly planned exit from  Afghanistan, al-Qaida and the Taliban were on the run, but today, due  to the decisions of President Biden, the radical extremists who  sponsored Osama bin Laden and partnered with al-Qaida, who are  responsible for the deadliest terror attack in history, are back in  power.   How did we get here?   It became apparent at last week's Armed Services hearing, after I  questioned our top military leaders, that President Biden made a  completely unconditional withdrawal. The President simply looked at the  calendar and saw what he thought would be an easy political victory and  decided we would be out of Afghanistan by the 20th anniversary of 9/11.   Another fact that became clear after the hearing last week is that  President Biden casually dismissed the sound advice of his own military  leaders. He discounted the tactical and strategic value of keeping a  small force in place to defeat the terrorists. Then, to cover for those  mistakes, President Biden misled the public about the advice that he  was given and refused to take.   So let's be clear about what happened as a result of the President's  ignoring his own generals' recommendations. He abandoned American  citizens behind enemy lines, left strong allies and partners to fend  for themselves against the Taliban, tarnished America's reputation, and  created the conditions that led to the devastating loss of 13 brave  American servicemembers. He stubbornly led our country into the most  disastrous diplomatic and military debacle in modern history.   Those now in control of Afghanistan are a who's who of international  terrorists. Nearly half of the members of the new Afghan Government are  on the U.N. Security Council's terrorism blacklist--that is the U.N.,  folks, their terrorism blacklist--including the Acting Prime Minister  and both of his Deputies. At least two principal members of the Haqqani  network, which is a U.S.-designated foreign terrorist organization, are  in the highest positions of the Taliban's new government. The Minister  of the Interior is on the FBI's ``Most Wanted'' list. His uncle, the  Minister of Refugees, is designated a terrorist by our government.  Together, the U.S. Government values the reward for their arrests at  $15 million.   The Biden doctrine put America's most wanted back in charge of a  terrorist training ground and increased the risk of attacks against our  homeland. And we didn't leave the terrorists emptyhanded either. In our  rush for the exits, we left tens of billions of dollars' worth of  military weapons and gear behind, which is now in the hands of the  enemy. We can expect to encounter this tactical equipment again on the  battlefield--but our own equipment being used against us. Here are just  a few numbers: 600,000 weapons, 22,000 humvees, and more than 200  aircraft. Folks, we left America's most wanted with America's best  weapons.   But it is not just weapons and military capabilities; President Joe  Biden left behind our own citizens, stranded in a foreign country  governed by known terrorists. As much as the administration wants to  act like this is all in the past and we have closed the book on  Afghanistan, it is just not reality. Right now, we have American  citizens stranded in Afghanistan. Let that sink in for just a moment,  folks. Americans and our Afghan partners, who worked with us over the  past two decades--interpreters and translators--are all sitting ducks  for the Taliban. When we ask for an accurate accounting of who and how  many are still left, the Pentagon points the finger at the State  Department, which then goes radio silent.   The administration is downplaying the evils of the Taliban, and its  refusal to state hard facts is stunning.   The chorus of praise from the State Department and the White House in  calling the Taliban ``businesslike'' and ``professional'' would be  comical if it weren't so horrifying. If using Kabul's soccer stadiums  to publicly execute dissidents, overseeing the legal rape of young  girls through child marriage, and settling disputes by chopping off  hands and feet is how the Taliban does business, then President Biden  is right--they are truly pros.   GEN Mark Milley admitted the exit was a ``strategic failure'' in his  testimony last week. Folks, that is an understatement. President Biden  and his top foreign policy adviser, Secretary of State Antony Blinken,  have serially failed to own up to this fiasco. Someone must take  responsibility for this colossal failure.   As we uncovered again last week, President Biden's decisions led us  here, right back where we began. Both General McKenzie and General  Milley testified last week that ``al-Qaida is still at war with us''  and that within the year, they ``could be reconstituted with  aspirations to attack the U.S.'' During Joe Biden's campaign, he  promised a return to normalcy. Little did we know that meant a return  to vulnerability and an America that is less safe from terrorists who  attacked our homeland 20 years ago.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   