 Mr. Speaker, on roll call vote 263, I was not  present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would  have voted ``yes'' on ordering the previous question on H. Res. 667.       MEMBERS RECORDED PURSUANT TO HOUSE RESOLUTION 8, 117TH CONGRESS       Burgess (Jackson)      Cardenas (Gomez)      Carter (TX) (Calvert)      Cooper (Clark (MA))      Courtney (Perlmutter)      DeSaulnier (Thompson (CA))      Frankel, Lois (Clark (MA))      Fulcher (Johnson (OH))      Gonzalez (OH) (Timmons)      Grijalva (Garcia (IL))      Kirkpatrick (Levin (CA))      Latta (Walberg)      Lawson (FL) (Evans)      McEachin (Wexton)      Meng (Jeffries)      Morelle (Tonko)      Napolitano (Correa)      Payne (Wasserman Schultz)      Reed (Garbarino)      Rice (SC) (Wilson (SC))      Rush (Underwood)      Ryan (Kildee)      Smith (NJ) (Van Drew)      Smith (WA) (Kilmer)      Stanton (Levin (CA))      Stefanik      (Reschenthaler)      Strickland (Torres (NY))      Swalwell (Veasey)      Wilson (FL) (Hayes)    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  5305. I thank Chairwoman DeLauro for her tremendous leadership in  bringing this forward, as well as our Speaker for ensuring that our  government stays open and responds to key emergencies here at home and  abroad.   I am especially pleased that this legislation responds to the needs  of Western communities impacted by wildfires. My home State of  California is experiencing the climate emergency firsthand. We have  lost so many homes and lives and entire towns to wildfires over the  last few years.   It is a fact that climate change is driving these fires and extreme  weather events. This bill includes $28.6 billion to directly address  the rising cost of climate change.   As President Biden has said, justice must be at the heart of our  response. We need to ensure that as we rebuild, we focus on those  bearing the disproportionate impact of the climate crisis, especially  and particularly communities of color.   As chair of the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and  Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations, I am pleased that  this legislation includes over $6.3 billion to continue support for  Afghan evacuees, refugees, and the growing humanitarian needs of the  Afghan people.   President Biden made a courageous decision to end two decades of war  in Afghanistan. Many of us have argued for years that there is no  military solution in Afghanistan and that the growing humanitarian  crisis is further exposing the horrific cost of our endless wars.    Mr. Speaker, we not only have a moral  responsibility to provide safe harbor for vulnerable Afghans who fear  for their lives but also to provide humanitarian assistance to those  suffering inside Afghanistan. At least 18.4 million people in  Afghanistan require humanitarian assistance due to the conflict, severe  drought, and the COVID pandemic.   I ask for an ``aye'' vote.   