 Mr. President, the right to vote is the hallmark of a  democracy. It is what distinguishes us from authoritarian regimes where  elections are tainted, if they are held at all, where the free and fair  elections that define America do not exist.   President Abraham Lincoln once said elections belong to the people.  Voting is an action we choose to take to exercise a fundamental freedom  our Constitution grants to the people. So when we hear of a bill  entitled ``For the People,'' we naturally would assume at first that it  must be enhancing our democracy, but a closer examination suggests  otherwise. In fact, S. 1 would take away the rights of people in each  of the 50 States to determine which election rules work best for their  citizens.   Let's start with some indisputable facts. This legislation was first  introduced in 2019, prior to last year's Presidential election. It was  not considered in the Senate. It did not become law. Nevertheless,  according to the Census Bureau, the 2020 election saw the highest voter  turnout in the 21st century. Equally significant, Asian Americans and  Hispanic Americans voted in record-high percentages, and there was  higher turnout across all racial groups, including Black Americans,  than in 2016.   The Census Bureau also asked eligible, nonvoting Americans why they  didn't vote in 2020. The majority of respondents said that they were  not interested, didn't like any of the candidates, were too busy, or  simply forgot.   The point is, with the record-high turnout in 2020, it is very  difficult to make the case that this bill is necessary, as some have  said, to save our democracy.   This is a bill that was introduced to enhance partisan messaging, not  to enhance participation in our elections, as the over-the-top rhetoric  about this bill highlights. Consider, for example, the debate over  Georgia's new election law. In many ways, Georgia's election law  actually makes it easier for citizens to vote than in other States that  have not been subject to the same backlash.   Georgia allows no-excuse absentee ballots. Delaware, New York,  Massachusetts, and Connecticut do not. Georgia's new law provides a  minimum of 17 in-person early voting days. Delaware, New Jersey, and  Connecticut had no in-person early voting days at all in 2020. Although  New Jersey enacted a new law to allow early voting earlier this year,  to great fanfare, it actually has 8 fewer early voting days than  Georgia. Despite having these and many other different election rules,  Delaware, Connecticut, and Georgia had very similar levels of Black  voter turnout in the 2020 election. Massachusetts, by contrast, had  just more than half the Black voter turnout of Georgia.   This information contradicts the underlying premise in S. 1 that we  must overturn the laws of every State in our Nation in order to  preserve the right to vote.   This legislation would force numerous changes to laws in States that  have been successfully conducting elections for a very long time. Let  me use the State of Maine as an example--a State that consistently  ranks at or near the top of the Nation in voter participation, I am  pleased to report. Maine does not have early voting. Maine does not  allow ballot harvesting. Maine does not count absentee ballots that  arrive after the polls close on election night. Maine does not allow  voters to receive absentee ballots automatically without requesting  them. Yet, in 2020, 71 percent of Mainers cast a ballot. That is 4\1/2\  percentage points above the national average.   These results further demonstrate that, absent a compelling need, the  Federal Government should not be preempting the election laws of all 50  States.   Now, let's examine the burdensome list of Federal mandates that  advocates of this bill would impose on each and every State. Allow me  to highlight just a few of the significant flaws.   The bill would require States to allow ballot harvesting, where third  parties, usually political operatives, collect ballots from voters.  This raises obvious and significant concerns about voter intimidation,  coercion, and ballot security.   The bill would prohibit voter ID, overturning existing law in 35  States. It would require that absentee ballots be accepted up to 7 days  after the election, which could lead to chaos and distrust,  particularly in close races.   The bill would transform the Federal Election Commission into a  partisan entity, which would jettison the requirement for bipartisan  agreement on significant issues and lead to partisan enforcement.   Another problem with this bill is that it would allocate billions of  Federal dollars to congressional campaigns, forcing Americans to  subsidize the campaigns of politicians with whom they vigorously  disagree or simply dislike. Even very wealthy officeholders would be  eligible for public financing. Do we really need more money in  political campaigns when Federal funds could be used to combat the  opioid epidemic or to reduce hunger among children or to spur economic  development and the creation of more jobs?   Now, Mr. President, there are, of course, times when it is compelling  and appropriate for Congress to intervene. The Voting Rights Act of  1965 is an excellent example.   It was passed at a time when many Americans, particularly Black  Americans, faced overwhelming barriers designed to prevent them from  voting.   Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act is still in effect today. It  prohibits voting practices and procedures that are discriminatory. It  also allows the Department of Justice to sue any State or local  government to enforce this provision.   Certainly, there are improvements that can be made in our election  laws. For example, I support efforts to disclose dark money in  campaigns. I support mandatory reporting to the FBI if a foreign  government contacts a political campaign with an offer of assistance.  And I have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  provide generous grants to States so that they could better secure  their voting infrastructure against cyber threats and foreign  intrusions.   Unfortunately, S. 1 is not legislation that could ever form the basis  of a reasonable, bipartisan elections reform bill. And it is far more  likely to sow more distrust in our elections than to ease the partisan  divisions in our country. For the reasons that I have discussed, I  shall cast my vote against this flawed bill.   