 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Velazquez, Ranking  Member Luetkemeyer, and Representative Kim for joining me in  introducing the bipartisan Paycheck Protection Program Extension Act.   In 2 weeks, the Paycheck Protection Program, also known as PPP,  application period will expire, taking away much-needed help from  thousands of small businesses that are struggling to keep the doors  open and employees on the payroll.   The PPP Extension Act would extend the application period for another  2 months, ensuring that those small businesses can continue to apply  for critical financial assistance until May 31. It also provides an  additional 30 days for the Small Business Administration to process  applications submitted by May 31.   PPP loans have provided a lifeline to mom-and-pop businesses across  the country, including those in my district, that are simply trying to  survive an unprecedented health and economic crisis.   In Georgia alone, the Paycheck Protection Program has provided more  than 260,000 forgivable loans for nearly $19 billion since the program  was created last year. Without that money, we would have lost thousands  more of the small businesses that make up the foundation of our  communities.   I hear every day from small businesses in Gwinnett and Forsyth  Counties who are simply struggling to survive. This bill has its  origins in a conversation that I had with local business owners Tony  Rodriguez and his wife, Ann-Carol Pence, who own Lawrenceville's Aurora  Theatre.   In early February, they reached out to me, concerned about the March  31 PPP deadline. The Aurora Theatre is hoping to receive support  through the shuttered venue operator grant program, but due to some  delays in  [[Page H1375]]  launching that program, they were concerned that with the PPP  application period set to end on March 31, they could potentially miss  out on critical financial assistance.   While this was one of the first times I heard from businesses in my  district about the March 31 deadline, it was certainly not the last. As  I talked to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, we realized we  were hearing the same thing from small businesses and lenders across  the country: They needed more time to make sure we are reaching as many  businesses as possible.   Last year, Chairwoman Velazquez, along with Members on both sides of  the aisle, made significant improvements to the PPP loans in order to  protect small businesses. Recently, President Biden made changes  enhancing access to the PPP loans for the smallest of small businesses,  many of which are minority-owned and women-led businesses, such as the  ones located throughout my district.   The data show that it is working: 73.5 percent of the loans  distributed in 2021 are under $50,000, almost 5 percent higher than  what that number was last year. Now is not the time to stop fighting  for the mom-and-pop stores, restaurants, and businesses across the  country.   Some examples of situations that this bill will address include a  local pre-prepared food company that has not applied for a PPP loan  because of how the loan amounts were initially calculated for sole  proprietorships.   Thanks to President Biden's changes to the loan calculation formula,  this business would now qualify for a forgivable loan. However, because  of the March 31 deadline, some lenders are reluctant to help out  because it is such a short timeframe to evaluate and process these  loans.   Another performance venue in Gwinnett County was pleased to learn  that the American Rescue Plan we just passed would now allow them to  access both the shuttered venue operator grant program and the PPP  program, but now they are scrambling to get their loan application in  by March 31.   This bill allows additional time to get funding to the small  businesses that need it most. This bill is supported by a number of  leading business organizations, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce,  the National Federation of Independent Business, the International  Franchise Association, the National Restaurant Association, and Small  Business Majority, as well as over 90 additional organizations.   Last, I also want to appreciate and point out that this bill is  bipartisan. In this time of deep division in our country, we have all  come together to do what is right for our communities, and I hope that  we can build on this moment as we continue to tackle the challenges  that face our Nation.   I thank Chairwoman Velazquez, Ranking Member Luetkemeyer,  Congresswoman Kim, and the House Committee on Small Business for  partnering to protect small businesses.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 1799,  the PPP Extension Act of 2021.   