 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of  the bipartisan legislation, Protecting Moms Who Served Act.   But before I do, I want to thank Congresswoman Lauren Underwood for  her leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank Senator  Duckworth and Representatives Julia Brownley, Gus Bilirakis, and Brian  Fitzpatrick for their co-leadership.   Together, Congresswoman Underwood and I are the co-founders and co- chairs of the Black Maternal Health Caucus, as well as lead sponsors of  the Momnibus--comprehensive legislation that addresses every dimension  of the maternal health crisis in the United States.   And it gives me great joy to say that the Protecting Moms Who Served  Act will be the first bill of the Momnibus to pass in Congress.   The United States continues to have the highest maternal mortality  rates in the developed world. Women and birthing people of color die  during or after pregnancy at 3 to 4 times the rates of their White  counterparts.   For the nearly 2 million women Veterans, maternal health outcomes are  not any better. Pregnant and postpartum women who served face unique  maternal health risks that deserve our attention.   For example, the risk of pregnancy complications may be higher for  women Veterans receiving maternity care through Veterans Affairs, since  these women frequently have multiple medical conditions that can  increase pregnancy complications.   Furthermore, it is suggested that military deployment may increase  the risk of post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD. A post-traumatic  stress disorder diagnosis can increase the risk of spontaneous pre-term  birth, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes.   Women Veterans with more symptoms of PTSD or moral injury like shame,  guilt, or demoralization, are also at greater risk for postpartum  depression in the three years following the end of their military  service.   More specifically a study on the impacts of PTSD or moral injury,  found that one in two women Veterans who became pregnant during the  study, had a negative pregnancy outcome.   These outcomes include postpartum depression or anxiety, miscarriage,  obstetrical medical conditions, emergency c-sections, the baby's need  for intensive care post-delivery, preterm birth, stillbirth, and  ectopic or tubal pregnancy.   Our women Veterans have upheld their duty to serve and protect and,  we as Members of Congress must do the same.   The Protecting Moms Who Served Act bill will codify and strengthen  the Department of Veterans Affairs maternity care coordination programs  to ensure Veterans receive the high-quality maternal health care and  support they have earned.   This is a noteworthy advancement since maternity care coordination  programs are associated with improved maternal and birth outcomes,  increased use of beneficial health services, and decreased costs,  especially among women with chronic or pregnancy-related physical or  mental health conditions, or social vulnerabilities.   Additionally, this bill will commission the first-ever comprehensive  study of America's maternal health crisis among women Veterans, with a  particular emphasis on racial and ethnic disparities.   This study is needed to provide further understanding of the maternal  health challenges experienced among women who served.   On May 12th, this legislation passed the house with unanimous  bipartisan support.   Today, we are here to vote once more and finally send this bill to  the President's desk, changing the lives of millions of women Veterans  and their children.   Let's remember that strong and supportive healthcare for birthing  people supports the future of our Nation by investing in the well-being  of children and families.   And today's vote ensures a healthcare system for women Veterans that  will offer the best maternal care available.   I am proud to see our progress towards ending maternal mortality and  disparities among our moms who served. I look forward to continuing to  address these issues in Congress as we examine and discuss the maternal  mortality and morbidity issues that threaten our Nation.   To all my colleagues--lets pass the Protecting Moms Who Served Act  for our women Veterans, their children, and their families.   What we do here today will live beyond our time in Congress and  impact generations of women who serve.   It is time we make sure that Veterans, who have done so much for our  country, receive the support and resources they need.   