 Madam Speaker, I am so pleased to be here with all my  colleagues from the Democratic Women's Caucus. I thank Representative  Speier for hosting this Special Order hour tonight.   Madam Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the millions of parents  struggling to pay for childcare each and every day. It has become  abundantly clear: our current childcare system is absolutely untenable.   Just this past September more than 300,000 women left the workforce.  As we all know, women are more likely to be the primary caregiver in a  household. With a growing lack of affordable childcare options, we are  seeing more women forced to quit their job in order to stay home and  watch their kids.   Let's be clear: no parent should be forced to quit their job because  they cannot find childcare they can afford. But the reality for too  many families is that this is definitely the case. They cannot afford  childcare in their area, period.   Just this week, NPR reported that one in three American families are  struggling to find childcare they desperately need. I repeat: one-third  of America's families cannot find affordable childcare.   In Illinois, 58 percent of residents live in a childcare desert--58  percent. That is more than half. In fact, infant care in Illinois costs  just $168 less than in-State tuition for a 4-year public college. So  think about that, Madam Speaker. If you are a mom and a dad and you  have kids of various ages, or you are getting prepared to have kids of  various ages, you are thinking about childcare now, Madam Speaker, and  you are paying effectively what you know you may have to pay for  college in later years for your children. It is astonishing. We can and  must fix this.   Under President Biden's Build Back Better Act, we can finally ensure  every American has access to quality, affordable childcare. This will  provide mothers with the support they desperately need to return to the  workforce.   This is not only the morally right thing to do, but it is actually  one of the strongest ways we can further boost our economy. I am tired  of hearing some colleagues complain about a labor shortage while at the  same exact time they are trying to block families from receiving the  affordable childcare they need to return to work. I think that you  don't have to go too far, Madam Speaker, to understand wherever you go  on any block in America, women are saying: I can't afford childcare  which is why I am going back.    We have to stop blaming it on these fictitious things. Women need to  have childcare so they can go back to work.   Enough is enough. For far too long our country has worked for the  largest corporations and the ultra-wealthy while working families have  been left behind. Let's change that by passing the Build Back Better  Act for working families, and let's deliver universal, affordable  childcare. Let's get this done.   