 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in  mourning an American hero, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. We called Ruth  Bader Ginsburg the ``Notorious RBG,'' and we called her that for a  reason. She lived an inspiring and historic life, and her advocacy and  public service changed America for the better.   As a lawyer and a public servant and as a woman, I owe so much to  Justice Ginsburg, and I know I am not alone. I join so many women in  this body and across this Nation who will simply not allow for Ruth  Bader Ginsburg's legacy to be diminished or disrespected.   Today, that means standing up and speaking out about what is at stake  right now in this country. We are 8 months into a global pandemic--the  worst public health crisis of our lifetime. It has taken 200,000  American souls and cost millions of Americans their jobs and their  economic security.   Now, President Trump knew that this pandemic was deadly, and he  refused to take decisive action early in order to control the virus. He  still has no plan to this day, and he has refused to lead. He has  continued to put politics over science, and he still insists the virus  will just go away.   In fact, this pandemic will not just go away, and in Wisconsin and in  States across our country, things continue to get worse. As our Nation  fights this unprecedented public health crisis, President Trump  continues his efforts, spanning the past 4 years, to sabotage our  healthcare system and make it harder for people to get the coverage  that they want and that they desperately need.   Since the President took office, more and more Americans are going  without health insurance with each passing year. More than 6 million  American workers have lost access to their employer-sponsored health  insurance since the very beginning of this pandemic.   Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, they have a safety net in place  that allows them to sign up for a healthcare plan while they are  unemployed. But right now, we should be making it easier, not harder,  for people to get healthcare. We should be building on the progress  that we made with the Affordable Care Act by providing additional  support for the navigators and those who provide enrollment assistance.  We should be extending open enrollment and making sure that Americans  know that they have options for comprehensive coverage.   But, instead, President Trump has doubled down in his support for a  Federal lawsuit to eliminate the Affordable Care Act completely,  including the protections for millions upon millions of Americans who  have preexisting health conditions. And, mind you, a positive test for  COVID-19 is a preexisting condition.   Let me say that again. During the worst public health crisis of our  lifetimes, President Trump and Republicans support a Federal lawsuit to  eliminate the Affordable Care Act completely--taking healthcare away  from  [[Page S5771]]  millions of Americans, including those with preexisting conditions. And  that, plain and simple, is the Republican healthcare plan--eliminating  the Affordable Care Act.   If Senate Republicans disregard the very precedent that they set,  ignore the fact that there is an election in 6 weeks where many  Americans are already voting, and push to fill this Supreme Court  vacancy with a judge committed to furthering their anti-healthcare  agenda, it will mean the end of the Affordable Care Act and the end of  guaranteed protections for people with preexisting health conditions.   Just like that, our Nation will be thrust back to a time where the  insurance companies wrote the rules, when a cancer diagnosis or  diabetes or asthma meant insurance companies could drop the ER  coverage, charge astronomical premiums for the coverage or, worse,  could decline to cover you at all and leave you with the bill.   I have stood in this Chamber and told story after story of  Wisconsinites who depend upon the Affordable Care Act and are worried  about what a future without it might look like, stories of mothers who  lie awake at night wondering how they will be able to afford a  lifesaving procedure for a child, and stories of fathers who don't know  if they will be able to afford the insulin that a son may need.   I have shared my own story. As a 9-year-old, I got sick--really sick.  I was hospitalized, but, ultimately, I fully recovered. But then I was  denied health insurance for much of my youth because I had been labeled  as a child with a preexisting health condition.   These stories are real, and there isn't a Senator in this body who  hasn't heard one or dozens or hundreds of stories just like this from  their own constituents. I implore my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle to listen to your constituents now.   Justice Ginsburg was one of the deciding votes to save healthcare  each time it had been challenged in the Supreme Court. She was one of  the deciding votes on case after case threatening a woman's right to  make her own healthcare decisions about her own body. Justice Ginsburg  was protecting our healthcare and women's reproductive freedom, and she  bore the weight of that for the last years of her life through her own  battles with cancer. She fought for as long as she could because she  knew what was at stake.   Justice Ginsburg has earned the right to rest now, and my deepest  condolences go out to her children, her grandchildren, her family, and  her friends for their loss. I urge my Republican colleagues not to  diminish her tremendous contributions to our Nation and not to  disrespect her decades of service by casting aside her dying wishes and  their own precedent in forcing through a nomination with only 42 days  before the election.   I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, instead of suing  in court to overturn the Affordable Care Act, to work with us on a real  healthcare plan, and work with us to protect quality, affordable  healthcare that America's families need. That is why we are here.   My promise today to my constituents and my colleagues is that I will  not stop fighting to save healthcare for millions of Americans. This is  the fight that brought me to public service in the first place, and I  will not stop now. I will keep working to protect access to quality,  affordable healthcare for all, and I will keep fighting on behalf of  the many, many Wisconsinites who depend on it   I yield the floor.   