 Mr. President, the Paycheck Protection Program of  forgivable loans has been a lifeline to millions of our small  businesses and their employees. According to a recent census survey,  more than 76 percent of Maine's small businesses reported receiving a  PPP loan. An estimated 240,000 Maine jobs have been supported by this  critically important program, which has brought more than $2.2 billion  to our State. Nationwide, more than 5 million small employers have  received PPP loans.   When Senators Rubio, Cardin, Shaheen, and I developed this program  back in March, we had no idea how long economic closures to mitigate  the spread of COVID-19 would last. Many small businesses have made  considerable investments in personal protective equipment and facility  modifications to operate safely during the pandemic and yet are still  only able to operate at a fraction of their previous capacity.   In fact, I talked to an innkeeper in Maine just this morning who told  me that in normal times, at this point in the summer, his inn would be  nearly full every single night, but this July his business is down by  93 percent.   The bill that Senator Rubio and I are introducing would allow the  hardest hit small employers--those whose revenue has declined by 50  percent or even more--to receive a second PPP forgivable loan. And to  ensure that we are targeting assistance to the employers that need help  the most, we limit those second loans to small businesses with 300 or  fewer employees.   Our bill would also expand forgivable PPP expenses to include  investments needed to protect both employees and customers, such as  masks, plexiglass shields, and improved HVAC systems. This could  include, for example, the expense of expanding outdoor seating, which  is especially important to restaurants that are still under dining  restrictions.   We include a number of other important provisions, such as allowing  seasonal businesses more flexibility in calculating their loan amounts  and simplifying the loan forgiveness process for smaller borrowers.   I hope that our proposal will help advance bipartisan negotiations to  extend this vital program before August 8, when applications will no  longer be accepted. There are so many small employers and their  employees who have been kept afloat by the first PPP loan they received  but need a second one to survive this persistent pandemic   