 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the challenge.    Madam Speaker, this is a sad day for America--a day of  shame, a day of ignominy, an attack on this Capitol, an attack on our  country.   Madam Speaker, our words matter. Mobs, thugs, insurrectionists,  domestic terrorists attacked our government with the aim of attacking  our free and fair elections.   Make no mistake, these terrorists came armed, armed with false flags;  armed with hate; armed with weapons; and, tragically, armed with lies  force-fed to them by those at the highest level of government,  including some from the legislative and, yes, the executive branches.  Incited by the one at the highest level of government, they attacked  people, property, this Capitol, this cathedral of democracy.   Words matter. In his last words to our Nation and to all of us here,  our dear colleague, John Lewis, wrote last July: ``Democracy is not a  state. It is an act.'' And each generation has an obligation to  preserve its institutions.   Democracy is a series of acts, acts by you and by me, by citizens,  one building upon the other and another--not acts that we have heard  and seen and suffered today, words and acts to incite violence, acts  that tear at the very fabric of our democracy.   Madam Speaker, yet, I have hope. We, too, are armed. We are armed  with the facts. We are armed with the truth. We are armed with the love  of our country. We are armed with our sworn oaths. And we are armed  with our precious Constitution.   We have faced tyranny and insurrection before. We are here tonight to  herald to America and to the world: We will defend our democracy, and  we will endure.   Madam Speaker, when I came into work this morning, as I was preparing  to come to the floor, I read Tom Friedman's op-ed, which began with the  words from the Gospel of Mark: For what shall it profit a man if he  gain the whole world but lose his soul?   For what shall it profit any man.   Madam Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to have the courage to  uphold their oath, courage like that of Congresswoman Margaret Chase  Smith, a lifelong Republican and the first in her party to speak out  against McCarthyism. Putting duty over fear, she said: ``I do not want  to see the Republican Party ride to political victory on the Four  Horsemen of Calumny--Fear, Ignorance, Bigotry, and Smear. Surely, we  Republicans are not that desperate for victory.''   Madam Speaker, for today, we have seen the cost of victory by such  means. It shook the very walls of this building. Our colleagues know  there is no truth to this challenge.   For what shall it profit a man.   Madam Speaker, it has been my solemn honor to participate in this sad  day. I pray for our country.   