 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, today, we remember the 6 million Jews and millions of  others who were systematically murdered in the darkest chapter of human  history.   Last week, I had the privilege of traveling with a bipartisan  delegation led by Speaker Nancy Pelosi to two nations forever  interlaced into the fabric of Jewish history: the first, a monument to  tragedy; the second, a beacon of hope.   In Poland at Auschwitz-Birkenau, we saw firsthand the painful cruelty  of the Nazi regime. We walked the train tracks that transported  innocent people to captivity and the gas chambers, which led to their  cruel and inhumane slaughter.   After our time in Poland, I, like so many Jews escaping the horrors  they experienced in Europe, traveled to the Holy Land with my  colleagues. In Israel, we witnessed hope, the homeland of the Jewish  people.   I continue to be inspired to see that such generational trauma  experienced by our people could be harnessed into something as powerful  as democracy.   At Yad Vashem, Israel's national memorial to Holocaust victims, we  participated in a solemn commemoration to those who did not live to see  a homeland that would be theirs. We heard the stories of the lives lost  to hate and of the men and women who managed to survive that torture.   I represent one of the largest survivors of the Holocaust populations  in the United States. As the last generation of survivors ends their  twilight years, it is even more important now that we keep their  memories alive and recorded for future generations.   In the face of rising hate and anti-Semitism at home and abroad, we  all have a role to play in fighting bigotry wherever and whenever it  rears its ugly head.   The legislation the House passed today, the Never Again Education  Act, which provides teachers with resources to teach children the  important lessons of the Holocaust and the consequences of bigotry and  hate, is a critically important and vital step.   As co-chair of the Latino-Jewish Caucus and the Congressional Caucus  on Black-Jewish Relations and a proud member of the Task Force on  Combating Anti-Semitism, I am proud that we have all come together  today to organize this Special Order in honor of International  Holocaust Remembrance Day.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for  making this a priority so that we could give voice to the notion of  ``never again.''   Today, we remember to ensure that never again will the horrors of the  past be repeated.   