 Madam President, the time is now. We need a memorial to  the fallen heroes of the Global War on Terror, and the memorial should  be in its rightful place on the National Mall in Washington, DC.   On Tuesday, I spoke with a group of nearly 30 Gold Star families who  lost their loved ones during our Nation's longest war. Their stories of  heartache and sacrifice inspire me to continue fighting for this  important memorial.   The overwhelming theme on that call was this: the time is now to get  the Global War on Terrorism Memorial built on our National Mall.   And it is with that in mind that I come to the floor again to ask the  Senate to join me in honoring our veterans, our Gold Star families, and  fallen heroes by supporting my bipartisan legislation, the Global War  on Terrorism Memorial Location Act.   I believe our Nation has a responsibility to properly honor and pay  tribute to our veterans, including those who have served in the longest  conflict in the history of the United States. The Global War on  Terrorism Memorial belongs on our National Mall, in the same place as  the memorials that honor the heroes of earlier conflicts, like Korea  and Vietnam.   This memorial, which has bipartisan support, will serve as a  permanent reminder of the eternal gratitude of all of America.   As a fellow veteran of the Global War on Terrorism and a friend and  advocate for our Gold Star families, I firmly believe that placing this  memorial anywhere but the National Mall is absolutely unacceptable.   We have an opportunity for bipartisanship right here with this bill.  So let's join together and show the country that the U.S. Senate will  honor the sacrifice and properly memorialize the service of the brave  men and women who fought and died to protect and defend the Nation  since the beginning of the Global War on Terror. It is the least we can  do for those who have given so much.   I ask you today to support my mission, to build a memorial to empower  those who answered the call to serve in the Global War on Terror, who,  for so long, protected us and allowed us to enjoy the freedoms that we  have to this very day.   This memorial is ready to go, so let's get it built on our National  Mall in Washington, DC, where it belongs.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be  discharged from further consideration of S. 535 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I just want to come forward and thank the  Senator for the progress that is being made on the location for the  Global War on Terrorism Memorial, and I will continue to pursue this. I  think it is important to do that. I remain committed to the families of  those who have fallen, as well as the many servicemembers who have  served across the spectrum in the Global War on Terror.   I understand that many decades ago an act was put in place by  Congress which limited activity on the National Mall, but  understanding, since that time, we have seen many memorials and many  monuments that have been placed on the Reserve on the National Mall.   And so I am asking that, as Congress, we move forward quickly on this  act. We have been working on this for a number of years. We need to  move quickly and provide a time of healing for our Nation after we are  closing the Global War on Terror.   I yield the floor.   