 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of House  Resolution 908--Condemning all forms of anti-Asian sentiment as related  to COVID-19. I praise my distinguished colleague, Congresswoman Grace  Meng, First Vice-Chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American  Caucus (CAPAC), for her exemplary leadership on this Resolution on  behalf of Asian-Americans and Asian and Pacific Islander communities  all over the world.   With this Resolution, I am reminded of the talented and brave Asians  and Asian-Americans who have helped lead us through COVID-19. I think  of my district's University of Toledo Medical Center's molecular  specialist, Dr. Ji-Youn Yeo, Ph.D., a Postdoctoral Fellow of South  Korean descent. Dr. Yeo's expertise helped the Center's coronavirus  pathology lab modify its test to keep employees safe during the testing  process. First Lady of Maryland, Yumi Hogan, was instrumental in  obtaining 500,000 testing kits for Maryland by working with the South  Korean Ambassador to the United States, Lee Soo Hyuk. The people of  South Korea were able to minimize the devastation of COVID-19 on its  own shores and became an example to the world by implementing lessons  and procedures learned from its MERS outbreak. These efforts are a  significant representation of how Asian communities are helping to  combat the corona virus.   To incite anti-Asian sentiments through racism, discrimination, or  religious intolerance, especially related to COVID-19, is an insult to  the very people who have helped shape our country. At this difficult  time as we experience a resurgence of this troubling discrimination, I  am reminded of my trailblazing colleagues as they continue the fight  against discrimination, and through their efforts, are making our  nation a fairer and more just society. One such trailblazer is the  distinguished Chairwoman of CAPAC, Congresswoman Judy Chu, the first  Chinese American woman elected to the United States Congress. She has  served with great dignity and has been a fierce leader and advocate for  Asian Americans. Former Congressman and CAPAC Chair Emeritus, Mike  Honda, a statesman who was forced into a Japanese internment camp with  his family in Colorado and then thrived to become a Member of the  United States House of Representatives. He experienced xenophobia  firsthand, and we heartfully thank him for teaching all those who face  oppression that they have the ability to overcome and achieve  remarkable things. I also recognize our distinguished Chairman of the  House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, Congressman Mark Takano. He is a  consummate educator and brave leader who became the first openly gay  person of color to serve in Congress. These are some of America's  finest patriots.   I had the honor and privilege to serve with Congress' first female  Member of color, Patsy Mink. A third generation Japanese American, she  achieved greatness through insurmountable barriers. A fighter for the  fundamental belief in equality, Mink co-authored Title IX to ensure  that no person, regardless of sex, could be excluded from any education  program or activity receiving federal financial assistance. She was  ahead of her time and laid a great foundation for Asian Americans and  women to follow. Congresswoman Meng's efforts today proudly honor her  memory.   To the current and past Asian American and Pacific Islander Members  of Congress, the current 74 bicameral members of the Congressional  Asian Pacific American Caucus, and the many Asian Americans who are  working every day to make sure America stands tall during COVID-19, I  salute them and their service to a grateful nation. I urge support for  H. Res. 908.   