 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the objection.    Madam Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart. This has been  a truly tragic day for America. We all join together in fully  condemning the dangerous violence and destruction that occurred today  in our Nation's Capitol.   Americans will always have their freedom of speech and the  constitutional right to protest, but violence in any form is absolutely  unacceptable. It is anti-America, and must be prosecuted to the fullest  extent of the law.   Thank you to the heroic United States Capitol Police. And thank you  to the bipartisan professional staff of the United States Capitol for  protecting the people's House and the American people.   This hallowed temple of democracy is where generations of Americans  have peacefully come together to face our Nation's greatest challenges,  bridge our deepest fissures, and create a more perfect system of  government. This is the appropriate place we stand to respectfully and  peacefully give voice to the people we represent across our diverse  country.    The Representatives of the American people in this House are standing  up for three fundamental American beliefs: The right to vote is sacred,  that a Representative has a duty to represent his or her constituents,  and that the rule of law is a hallmark of our Nation.   And in the spirit of healing--those are not my words--those are the  words of you, Madam Speaker, from this very Chamber, when some of my  colleagues and friends across the aisle objected to the 2005 electoral  college certification.   In fact, there were objections on this floor to the certification of  nearly every Republican President in my lifetime: In 1989, in 2001, in  2005, and in 2017.   So history is our guide that the people's sacred House is the  appropriate venue for a peaceful debate. And this peaceful debate  serves as a powerful condemnation to the violence that perpetrated our  Capitol grounds today. The violence that was truly un-American.   Today's discussion is about the Constitution and it is about the  American people, but it must also be about clearly and resolutely  condemning the violence that occurred today.   I am honored each and every day to represent New York's 21st  Congressional District, and I believe it is my solemn and sacred duty  to serve as their voice and their vote in the people's House.   Tens of millions of Americans are concerned that the 2020 election  featured unconstitutional overreach by unelected State officials and  judges ignoring State election laws. We can and we should peacefully  and respectfully discuss these concerns.   In Pennsylvania, the State supreme court and secretary of state  unilaterally and unconstitutionally rewrote election law eliminating  signature matching requirements.   In Georgia, there was constitutional overreach when the secretary of  state unilaterally and unconstitutionally gutted signature matching for  absentee ballots and, in essence, eliminated voter verification  required by State election law.   In Wisconsin, officials issued illegal rules to circumvent a State  law, passed by the legislature as the Constitution requires, but  required absentee voters to provide further identification before  obtaining a ballot.   In Michigan, signed affidavits document numerous unconstitutional  irregularities: Officials physically blocking the legal right of poll  watchers to observe vote counts, the illegal counting of late ballots,  and hand-stamping ballots with the previous day's date.   My North Country constituents and the American people cherish the  Constitution. They know, according to the Constitution, elected  officials closest to the people in State legislatures have the power of  the pen to write election law, not unelected bureaucrats, judges,  Governors, or secretaries of state.   To the tens of thousands of constituents who have reached out to me,  thank you. Please know that I am listening and I hear you, both those  who agree and those who disagree. Our Constitutional Republic will  endure this tragic day because the Founding Fathers understood Congress  and the American people would face unprecedented and historic  challenges by debating them on this very floor.   I believe that the most precious foundation and the covenant of our  Republic is the right to vote, and the faith in the sanctity of our  Nation's free and fair elections. We must work together in this House  to rebuild that faith so that all our elections are free, fair, secure,  safe and, most importantly, that they are according to the United  States Constitution.   