 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, today I rise to speak on H.R. 6119, a short-term  continuing resolution through February 18. I must admit that I am  disappointed to be on the floor of the House today to speak about a  continuing resolution rather than full-year appropriations bills. But  earlier this year, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle crafted  fiscal year 2022 bills with little input from Republicans, and we have  not been able to find a path forward.   During markups this summer, our Members made it clear we would not  support partisan bills that include irresponsible spending increases  and extreme policies. Unfortunately, that is exactly where we find  ourselves.    The House and Senate bills were drafted to top-line spending levels  that do not reflect a bipartisan consensus. The majority party also  focused funding on their own priorities with nondefense spending  increasing at a much higher rate than defense spending. And last, but  certainly not least, the policies in the bills are the most extreme  that I have seen since I became a member of the Appropriations  Committee.   During 2019 and 2020, there were also strong differences of opinions,  but we had an agreement in place that allowed us to negotiate final  bills quickly. The terms were rather simple. The party leaders and the  White House reached early agreement on the spending framework. Everyone  agreed to drop controversial language and restore longstanding  provisions unless all sides agreed to changes. I am concerned that we  cannot have meaningful discussions on full-year appropriations without  a similar understanding before we start.   I wish we would have focused on funding the essential elements of  government long before now. Instead, too much time has been spent  focusing on extremely partisan and costly bills being sent to the  President's desk, and there could be another bill on the way before the  end of the year.   It is unrealistic for Republicans to negotiate on appropriations  bills while this massive reconciliation package is still under  discussion. Our constituents are demanding that we take a comprehensive  look at all of the spending this year. With our debt skyrocketing and  inflation at the highest levels in 30 years, we cannot afford to think  about appropriations bills in isolation. However, I do hope that we can  make progress getting our bills finalized once we move into the new  year; otherwise, we will be having the same conversation in February  about another continuing resolution.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   