 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as  I may consume, and I thank my colleague from Virginia for yielding me  the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition of H.J. Res. 76, a resolution  that would overturn the Education Department's effort to assist  students who  [[Page H2549]]  have been defrauded by colleges and universities while also taking  necessary precautions to protect taxpayer interests.   Democrats have resorted to political finger-pointing on this issue at  every turn. First, Education and Labor Committee Democrats held a  hearing at the end of last year to hurl unfounded and personal attacks  at Secretary DeVos. Then they passed H.J. Res. 76 shortly after to  overturn the Education Department's borrower defense rules; and now,  after President Trump has vetoed this resolution, the Democrats still  can't take no for an answer and want to override the President's veto.   As we stand here today--yet again--to watch the Democrats' political  games unfold, I would like to begin by highlighting real priorities we  are letting fall by the wayside as we waste time debating this partisan  resolution.   For starters, we should be working on bipartisan solutions to combat  the devastating effects of the coronavirus. We should be addressing the  concerns of small businesses--the backbone of our economy--and the  workers whose livelihoods are being impacted by this crisis.   Or we could address labor union shortcomings, including the  widespread and brazen corruption amongst United Auto Worker, UAW, union  leadership. We know the UAW senior union leaders engaged in money  laundering, tax fraud, bribery, and embezzlement, yet no action has  been taken to examine this abuse of power by union bosses.   Unfortunately, Democrats have a long track record of pursuing  ideological objectives at the expense of taxpayers, students, and  schools. Today is no different, so I would like to spend some time  touching upon the advantages of the Trump administration's new rule and  providing context on the Obama-era borrower defense rule and its many  shortcomings.   The borrower defense rule was first released by the Education  Department in 1994. Borrowers rarely used this process over the next 20  years, until 2015, when a large for-profit school closed. During the  final stretch of his Presidency, the Obama administration used this  school closure as an opportunity to issue new regulations on borrower  defense.   The caveat? A potential $42 billion price tag to be footed by  taxpayers that encouraged tens of thousands of borrowers, whether they  were harmed or not, to apply to have their loans forgiven. In fact,  claim filings for loan forgiveness went from 59 submitted in the first  20 years to roughly 300,000 claims submitted in the last 5 years.   Let me repeat that.   For the first 20 years of the rule, there were 59 claims. Then the  Obama administration begins encouraging frivolous appeals, and the  appeals jumped to 300,000 and climbing.   This shouldn't come as a surprise. Massive loan forgiveness has long  been a Democrat objective, and the Obama rule was a giant leap toward  that goal--one that also ignored the high cost to taxpayers.   Furthermore, the Obama administration's regulations were convoluted,  blurring the line between fraud and inadvertent mistakes made by  schools. The distinction between the two is important because, if  institutions are found to engage in fraud, the Education Department can  cause schools to close--despite no intentional wrongdoing--through  significant financial penalties.   But don't just take my word for it. Colleges and universities,  including historically Black colleges and universities, HBCUs, voiced  concerns about the Obama regulation. Postsecondary education leaders  believed what President Obama's administration proposed could ruin  those colleges and universities that did not have large endowments or  significant revenue streams like the Ivy League institutions. The Obama  rule could shutter the very institutions designed and dedicated to  serving low-income, minority, and first-generation students.    Additionally, The Washington Times pointed out: ``Under the Obama  rule, students in the coronavirus era who could not attend classes on  campus and were forced to take makeshift Zoom classes would have  legitimate claims against their schools because the Obama rule does not  differentiate between willful misrepresentation and schools' varied  responses to the coronavirus. Great for trial lawyers, but bad for  students and their schools.''   The Obama regulations created more chaos than clarity, and the Trump  administration recognized immediately the need to right these wrongs.  So, working with the Education Department, President Trump produced a  rule with clearer standards for borrower defense and increased  transparency for both students and institutions.   The rule, first and foremost, holds all schools accountable. Students  who have been lied to and suffered financial harm are entitled to  relief and forgiveness.   Let me repeat that. The Trump administration's borrower defense rule  delivers relief to students, including veterans, who have been lied to  and suffered financial harm.   In fact, the Obama rule undermined the ability of veterans to earn  relief if the institution was considered an elite liberal arts  institution. In contrast, President Trump's rule makes sure students  have the last word no matter what institution they attend.   Democrats will have you believe that the President and Secretary  DeVos want to intentionally harm students who have been defrauded by an  institution of higher education, and that is simply not the case.   While my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are willing to  spend taxpayer money recklessly, President Trump's rule actually  reduces the cost of the 2016 Obama-era regulations by $11 billion  because it helps students go to and complete their education rather  than closing schools indiscriminately. This is an $11 billion savings  for American taxpayers during a time when many are struggling to make  ends meet.   Additionally, the Trump borrower defense rule holds all institutions,  not just for-profit colleges, accountable for misrepresentations  instead of picking winners and losers at considerable cost to  taxpayers. It ensures due process for all parties; extends the look- back window to qualify for closed school loan discharges from 120 to  180 days so when schools close more students are eligible for  forgiveness; and allows for arbitration, which could result in  borrowers recovering resources such as cash payments or other expenses  not provided by the Education Department.   Furthermore, this rule is the result of more than 2 years of  deliberations, public hearings, and negotiations with higher education  stakeholders, as well as considering, incorporating, and responding to  public comments on this issue.   Thanks to this regulatory reset, all colleges and universities will  be held accountable, defrauded students will see relief, and taxpayer  dollars will be better protected.   Republicans stand ready to provide relief to students who have been  harmed by fraud, and the borrower defense rule issued by the Trump  administration delivers on that front.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge a ``no'' vote on this resolution, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller), another great member of the  committee.    Mr. Speaker, I find it interesting that  my colleague would say the President ``very quietly and behind closed  doors'' vetoed a bill. They issued a statement on it almost  immediately, so it wasn't exactly quietly. Generally, they have to veto  a bill at a desk with people present.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Allen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to  the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Smucker).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Byrne).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Watkins).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance  of my time.   Mr. Speaker, contrary to the Democrats' claims that we have heard  today, the Trump administration and Republicans in the House are  committed to providing relief to students who have been truly harmed by  fraudulent practices.   The Obama administration's borrower defense rule, though, was  extremely difficult to administer. It left students and institutions  confused, encouraged massive and unnecessary loan forgiveness, and  created a hefty bill for taxpayers. Anyone who believes it was a  streamlined process, I will show you some swampland in New Mexico.   President Trump acted quickly to protect borrowers and taxpayers  better. The 2019 borrower defense rule clarified standards and made a  process more accessible.   If Democrats overturn the President's veto, we will be left with the  convoluted Obama rule. Under the rules associated with today's  legislation, there can be no revisions made even to improve or clarify  the Obama rule.    We want all schools to serve students well. In particular, we want  veterans and their education benefits protected. In this  administration, they will be.   Mr. Speaker, I have worked hard all my life to help people get a good  education and have a better life. I would not be supporting the  overturn of this rule if that was not the direction in which we were  going. The Education Department's borrower defense rule protects all  student borrowers, including veterans; holds higher education  institutions accountable; and saves taxpayers $11 billion.   Unfortunately, Democrats will stop at nothing to tear down meaningful  reforms ushered in under President Trump's leadership, even if it comes  at the expense of our Nation's students.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   