 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3005 to  remove the bust of Chief Justice Roger Taney and Confederate statues  from public display in the U.S. Capitol Building.   The people's House can never truly be for the people if it is lined  with tributes to those who fought to continue the enslavement of Black  people in this country.   My ancestors built this building. Imagine how they would feel knowing  that, more than 100 years after slavery was abolished in this country,  we still paid homage to the very people who betrayed this country in  order to keep my ancestors enslaved.   Imagine how I and other African Americans and people of color feel  walking through Statuary Hall, knowing that there are monuments to  people who supported, embraced, and fought for the breakup of our  country.   We are not trying to erase our history. We must confront our past  when  [[Page H3271]]  we talk about who we should honor in this building.   Should we honor the man who wrote the Supreme Court ruling that  African Americans can't be citizens? Or should we honor the man who got  the Supreme Court to rule that separate but equal cannot be equal?  Should we honor a legal architect of slavery? Or should we honor a  legal architect of the civil rights movement?   When I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about  the Democratic Party, I wonder if you are aware of the whole history of  the civil rights movement, where Black people and other people of color  fought to enter the Democratic Party. And when people objected to our  participation, and when people objected to our right to vote, those  people left the Democratic Party and joined the Republican Party. We  are extremely aware of our history of racism in the Democratic Party.   Part of our history as Americans is that we criticize our country. We  don't just honor the nice stories of our history, but we honor and  embrace all of our history. And we fight for a more perfect Union.  Fighting for a more perfect Union for people of color meant fighting to  enter the Democratic Party.   It is my hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will  go back to that history of the Republican Party that you honor and  fight for the right of all Americans to vote.   