 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule providing for  consideration of Representative Chu's resolution condemning the  horrific shootings in Atlanta and reaffirming the House's commitment to  combating hate and violence against the AAPI community.   Earlier today, I joined Speaker Pelosi, Representatives Chu and Meng,  and others at an event to mark the importance of the steps we are  taking on the House floor today. Together, Representatives Chu and  Meng's bills make a statement of commitment to a sacred American value:  celebrating our  [[Page H2475]]  diversity as a force against hate and discrimination.   As we honor AAPI Heritage Month, we stand amidst a reckoning on  racial justice and discrimination. We must be intentional about how we  uplift our voices, how we listen, and how we ensure dignity and respect  throughout our communities.   As the past few years have shown, hateful rhetoric can easily spiral  into scapegoating and violence. Xenophobia and blame have proliferated,  from the highest levels of government to our local communities. This  cannot be overlooked. I have shared my own family's story of the  consequences of inaction.   The fear of ``the other'' is nothing new, but it has been chipping  away at our social conscience for far too long. This is what we are  working to root out. We must stop it at the source with a united front.   Today's vote is a reminder that our country is capable of growth;  that this legislative body will not sit in silence while a community  suffers racism and hatred. Future generations are listening, and  together, Americans are standing up and speaking out.   It has been encouraging to see the cohesion amongst Asian Americans  and all Americans in the fight against AAPI hate. I have been heartened  to see individuals, leaders, and organizations come together to help  heal our communities from these historical traumas and move forward  united.   I am proud to support this rule and this bill, and I urge all of my  colleagues to do the same.   