 Mr. President, President Trump's response to this  pandemic has been a failure of leadership. So we are here today to  provide leadership in the Senate to do what the Trump administration  has failed to do.   In April, with my good friend Senator Murphy from Connecticut, the  two of us introduced legislation called the Medical Supply Transparency  and Delivery Act. That act would force President Trump to take action  and scale up American production of things like test kits, swabs,  reagents, personal protective equipment, and the medical equipment  needed at the local level to address the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in  our country.   Three months later, States still do not have the supplies they need.  Now more than 3.8 million Americans have been infected with the  coronavirus, and, tragically, over 141,000 people have died in our  country. For 3 months, our legislation has been in the majority  leader's legislative graveyard.   Since this public health crisis started, the Trump administration has  had no national testing plan, and they have never had a plan to provide  States with the testing supplies they need to combat this pandemic. As  a matter of fact, last month, the President said we needed to slow down  testing, and, this weekend, as President Trump once again said the  coronavirus would disappear, there were reports that the White House is  trying to block Federal funding for States to conduct testing and  contact tracing.   President Trump has not only abandoned each and every one of our  States, he has also turned his back on frontline healthcare workers,  who continue to face shortages of personal protective equipment,  including gloves, gowns, face shields, and masks.   The Trump administration has created absolute chaos in the medical  supply chain, leaving healthcare workers at hospitals and long-term  care facilities at the forefront of this crisis to fend for themselves,  rationing the scarce personal protective equipment that has been  provided to them. In fact, just a couple of weeks ago, Vice President  Mike Pence, who was put in charge of our pandemic response, said the  administration will be issuing guidance encouraging healthcare workers  to reuse personal protective equipment. This is the same Vice President  who declared that the United States would ``have this coronavirus  pandemic behind us'' by Memorial Day weekend. He was tragically wrong,  and this White House continues to play catchup on a pandemic and a  virus that is spreading faster than ever.   The person whom President Trump put in charge of our medical supply  chain was his son-in-law, Jared Kushner. Jared Kushner predicted in  April that by June we would be back to normal and that in July we would  be ``rocking again.'' It is July. It is July, and this is where we are.   Last Thursday, America had its highest number of new coronavirus  cases in 1 day. And in my home State of Wisconsin, we had our highest  case count ever yesterday--yesterday--and we have many hospitals across  my State with less than a week's supply of face shields, goggles,  gowns, paper medical masks, and N95 masks.   This public health crisis has not disappeared. We are not back to  normal, and we are not ``rocking again.''   The fact is, President Trump has failed to lead, and this White House  has taken us in a wrong direction in our fight against this pandemic.  New coronavirus cases are rising in the States that we work for, which  means we need more testing supplies, more testing, and more personal  protective equipment for our workers.   The question this Senate needs to answer is whether we are going to  let this President continue to take our country in the wrong direction,  or are we going to lead and do what we all know needs to be done?   Not one of my Senate colleagues can make an honest case that their  State has everything it needs to fight this pandemic.   In Wisconsin, we have been shortchanged by this administration. They  have failed to provide adequate supplies for our State's clinical and  private labs, paralyzing our ability to expand testing to the levels we  need. In some cases, what we have received from the Trump  administration were unsuitable and unusable testing supplies--foam  applicators that cannot be used for swabs and saline tubes that were  too short to transport swabs used in the majority of COVID-19 tests.   In addition, the majority of labs conducting COVID-19 tests in  Wisconsin are clinical or private labs. These labs cannot access  resources from the administration and are essentially being told to  ``figure it out.'' Over 80 Wisconsin labs that are currently performing  tests do not have access to a consistent supply of reagent.   We are not alone. States across the country have been abandoned by  the Trump administration. They have been forced to go this alone, while  President Trump has tried to pass off responsibility for his own  failures.   Every single one of us knows that our States need more resources and  supplies so we can ramp up testing, identify those who are infected,  isolate positive cases, and safely trace all contacts so that the  spread of this virus can finally be contained. We all know that  President Trump's broken supply chain has been a failure, and my  legislation with Senator Murphy, supported by 46 Democrats, will help  fix it.   In order to put people back to work and safely reopen businesses and  schools, we need both a national testing plan and the supplies to  implement it. This is true in Wisconsin and every other State in our  Nation.   Our legislation will help respond to this public health crisis and  prepare for the future by mobilizing a Federal response to increase our  national production of the testing and medical supplies we need at the  State and local level. Specifically, the bill will provide critical  oversight of the distribution of medical supplies and put an expert in  charge to oversee COVID-19 equipment production and delivery so we know  we are putting science and facts over politics and private distributor  profits when it comes to responding to this pandemic.   Finally, our legislation unlocks the full authority and power of the  Defense Production Act so that we can produce and deliver tests,  testing supplies, personal protective equipment, and medical equipment  that we need to take on this pandemic, treat patients, protect workers,  open businesses and schools, and save lives.   My friends on the other side of the aisle have a choice: They can  continue to ignore President Trump's failure to respond to this public  health crisis, knowing full well that until we confront it in the bold  and effective way that we should, we will not solve our economic  crisis, or they can choose to liberate themselves from this failure and  support a solution that will serve the people who sent us here to work  for them.   If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle believe, as this Vice  President does, that this pandemic is behind us, then object. If my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle believe, as Jared Kushner  does, that we are rocking again in July, then object. If my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle believe, as President Trump does, that  the coronavirus will just magically disappear, well, then, object.   If you oppose the failures of this President and this administration  in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic, then I ask for your vote to  pass the Medical Supply Transparency and Delivery Act today.  [[Page S4385]]    So I ask unanimous consent that the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee be discharged and the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of S. 3627, the Medical Supply Transparency  and Delivery Act. I further ask that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President.    I am, of course, very disappointed that we cannot move  this forward.   I want to respond to a couple of the comments made by my colleagues  from the State of Wisconsin, the chairman of the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee.   It is July. It is July, and cases are rising. Action was not taken in  February, March, April, May, June, or so far in this month of July. We  had more than fair warning that we had shortages of masks and gloves  and gowns and face shields and testing swabs and testing media and  reagents, and yet it is July.   As I said earlier, yesterday Wisconsin announced the most cases  positive for coronavirus in a single day that we have seen since the  pandemic began.   As we strive to reopen our economy, the President exhorts all schools  to hold 5-day-a-week, in-person classes.   We know that the demand for testing and the demand for masks will  only increase exponentially--the need to keep workers safe as they  return to work and the need to keep customers safe as they enter and  engage in commerce. To say that this needed to happen back in February  is an understatement.   I am pleased that my colleague has held hearings, but this bill was  filed in April when it became apparent that the President was not going  to act. This bill has been available for committee review since April.   The House passed many elements of the Medical Supply Transparency and  Delivery Act in their Heroes Act, which they passed 2 months ago. I  just ask, where would we be today had this been put into law?   There has been time to review. There has been time to study. But it  is past time to pass the Medical Supply Transparency and Delivery Act.  I hope we can create another opportunity for the Senate to act on this  in the days to come because it is so overdue.   I want to again thank my colleagues who joined me on the floor this  afternoon--my coauthor, Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut; my  colleague from Michigan, Debbie Stabenow; and my colleague from Ohio,  Senator Sherrod Brown; and the 45 other Members of the U.S. Senate who  have joined me in sponsoring this bill.   I yield the floor.   