 Mr. President, I rise today to honor our veterans and  servicemembers.   I thank Senator Reed for his beautiful remarks and his service, as  well as Senator Carper. I also thank Senator Duckworth, who is leading  our efforts today, as she has led for so long.   As I listened to my colleagues, I know that many of them were  couching their remarks in the history of people. I literally could  imagine John McCain right now walking up and down that aisle, crossing  the aisle, coming over, working with people, slapping people on the  back. That is how much he loved this place and how much he loved our  country.   I remember the silent, courageous fortitude of Danny Inouye, and I  remember so many of those whom I crossed paths with, like Senator Dole.   I think the reason we talk about that history is because we know that  this argument and this cause is based in history. Our democracy is  based in history. The idea that people serve is based in history. They  don't serve for themselves. They serve, in the words of Senator McCain,  for a cause larger than themselves. That is why I picture those who  served before us, just like our soldiers do when they sign up to serve.   The brave men and women who have served in our Armed Forces represent  the best among us. Whether you served decades ago or you still wear a  uniform today, we owe you a debt of gratitude for your service and  sacrifice on behalf of our great Nation.   All servicemembers and veterans have something in common. Wherever  they are politically, they have something in common. Regardless of when  and where they served, they have something in common--a deep love of  our country and a very real understanding of what it means to serve and  sacrifice. They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who loves our country in  the same way and for the same reasons and has that same deep  understanding of why those soldiers signed up to serve.   Unfortunately, as my colleagues have pointed out, the person  currently entrusted to be the Commander in Chief of our brave service  men and women, according to many, many recent reports, including things  he has actually said on TV, has made repeated comments denigrating  their service, questioning their judgment, and belittling those who  were prisoners of war or who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to  our country.   Yes, I will never forget what he said about Senator McCain when he  died, as Senator McCain's friend, Jack Reed, just recalled. I, too,  stood in front of that cell in Vietnam with John McCain, where he had  been held. When you stand there and you think about  [[Page S5502]]  the fact that he made the decision to allow others to be released  before him--that is courage.   What does it say to our servicemembers when a Commander in Chief  cancels a visit to an American cemetery in France because, according to  one report, he feared his hair would be ruined by the rain? What does  it say, as reported in The Atlantic, when he questions the value of  paying his respects to fallen Americans by claiming servicemembers  killed in the service of this country are ``losers'' and ``suckers''?  What does it say when he expressed his contempt for not just John  McCain, who spent more than 5 years as a prisoner of war, but also  accuses former President George H. W. Bush of being a ``loser'' for  being shot down by the Japanese as a Navy pilot in World War II?  Finally, what does it say to our troops when the President refuses to  publicly condemn, warn, or even criticize Vladimir Putin following news  reports that Russia offered bounties for the killing of members of our  Armed Forces and our coalition partners?   Our servicemembers are always there for us, and we must be there for  them. Even when our Nation is divided, we must still collectively  reject any attempt to diminish their service.   We learned that in a big way after Vietnam. I remember standing at  one of our Serving Our Troops events in Minnesota a few years ago. That  is when our restaurants and the community come together--sometimes  thousands of people--to serve the families of the troops who are  serving overseas a steak dinner, all donated, and at the same time, the  troops are somehow getting the same dinner. It is an extraordinary  event. Many of us volunteer to work on the lines. One day when I was  there, there was a Vietnam vet, and he was serving up mashed potatoes.  He had a Vietnam hat on, and I said: Thank you for your service.   He said: When I came home, I was greeted with tomatoes. I don't want  this to ever happen to another soldier again. That is why I come here  every year to volunteer.   We learned back then that you can have major disagreements about war  and war policy, but you do not take it out on the warriors on the  frontline.   Sadly, right now, we have a Commander in Chief who takes out  everything on everyone, including personal vendettas against people  like Senator McCain. Rather than being silent as, sadly, too many have  been in reaction to his comments, I think we must stand up. I think the  way that we honor their service and sacrifice is being very clear that  we condemn the remarks that the President has made.   I will end with this. The last time I saw Senator McCain I was at the  ranch. He was in his last months of life. My husband and I went there  and sat with Cindy and with John. At the very end, he was getting  tired, and he wasn't talking much anymore. He was having trouble  talking anyway. He pointed at one of his books. I picked it up, and  that is when he pointed, without saying the words, to that sentence:  ``There is nothing more liberating in life than fighting for a cause  larger than yourself.'' That is what unites our troops when they sign  up to serve. That is what should unite us in this Chamber right now.   I urge my colleagues to join in this effort so that our men and women  in uniform, across the United States and around the world, know that we  will not remain silent.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   