 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Foxx.   Mr. Speaker, as our Nation recovers from the economic toll of the  COVID pandemic and strives to restore the livelihood of America's  workers, we must take every opportunity to strengthen the pathways to  meaningful, family-sustaining careers.   The apprenticeship model of providing paid work experience, coupled  with classroom instruction and on-the-job mentorship, is a proven  approach to equip workers with the skills they need for lifelong  success.   Individuals who complete high-quality apprenticeship programs  immediately enter into well-paying jobs and do so without the debt that  often saddles our younger generation of workers.   Despite this track record of success, apprenticeships remain the  pathway to opportunity for far too few. Less than 3 percent of the  workforce comes up through the apprenticeship system, and the vast  majority of registered apprenticeship programs are concentrated in just  a handful of industries.   This stark reality leaves one of the strongest workforce development  strategies vastly underutilized in developing talent for the modern  economy. In order to achieve our common goal of expanding  apprenticeships to a more expansive set of occupations, we must develop  a system that is responsive to the demands of the 21st century  workplace and accessible to employers in emerging industry sectors.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment offers a simple step in the right  direction: removing a barrier for employers who seek more freedom to  design a program that fits their unique needs.   For the nontraditional occupations and sectors, the mandated minimum  of 2,000 hours of on-the-job learning may not fit the nature of the job  and thus prevent interested employers from ever developing an  apprenticeship program. While H.R. 8294 provides a process for these  employers to pursue an alternative time-based model that fits their  industry, the legislation requires approval from both the State  registration agency and the Secretary of Labor.   A State apprenticeship agency seeking to foster the growth of  apprenticeships in their State could grant approval to an innovative  model only to have these efforts stifled by Department officials in  Washington. The bureaucratic nature of this process may discourage  employers from even attempting to use this flexibility in the first  place.  [[Page H5979]]    My amendment removes the Department of Labor from the process and  leaves it solely at the discretion of States to approve alternative  program models, empowering workforce leaders across the country to  inject needed dynamism in the age-old system.   Yet, this amendment alone cannot atone for the countless missed  opportunities to incorporate additional Republican amendments,  amendments that would have allowed innovation to thrive while still  upholding the safety and accountability standards necessary to underpin  the taxpayers' investment in apprenticeship programs.   Revitalizing economic opportunity for America's workers and small  businesses will require a robust pipeline of earn-and-learn models that  can serve an ever more diverse group of job seekers, and I believe more  work must be done before this legislation can truly fulfill that  promise.   Mr. Speaker, as we stand here in the final weeks of the 116th  Congress and recognize that we will be back at this issue next year, I  wholeheartedly believe that we can reestablish the bipartisan spirit  that has been a hallmark of our efforts on workforce development.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Davis) for  her passion and commitment on this important issue and for her  leadership on the Higher Education and Workforce Investment  Subcommittee as well as her leadership on the House Armed Services. I  serve with Mrs. Davis on two committees. She will be deeply missed.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   