 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1289, the  PHONE Act, a simple but powerful bill to ensure that Americans who lose  their homes in natural disasters don't also lose their home phone  numbers.   The CZU Lightning Complex Fire burned 86,509 acres in my  Congressional District, making it the 11th most destructive fire in  California history. Seventy-seven thousand of my constituents were  evacuated. After weeks of tireless efforts from over 2,000 local,  state, and federal firefighters, the fire is now contained.   While most of the evacuees have returned home, nearly 1,000 families  in my district won't be returning home because their houses were  destroyed. It's these families the PHONE Act helps.   Because climate change is causing increased and more intense  wildfires, California is experiencing a horrific wildfire season.  Already, over 3.6 million acres have burned from nearly 8,000  wildfires. Four of the five largest fires in state history happened  this year. The PHONE Act ensures that the thousands of families who  lose their homes don't also lose their phone numbers.   The PHONE Act has three parts. First, if the President issues a major  disaster declaration, and a governor designates a disaster area, phone  numbers in that designated area cannot be reassigned for one year.  Second, if someone in the disaster area needs more than a year, they  can get a one-year extension because rebuilding can take years. Third,  the bill allows consumers to cancel phone service without a  cancellation fee if their home is inaccessible or uninhabitable. The  bill also prohibits resubscription fees if consumers get phone service  somewhere else in the area.   Some may ask why we need all of this for a simple phone number. One  of the first things parents teach their kids is their phone number. I  bet many of us still remember our parents' home phone numbers. While  many are opting to live with just cellphones, it's important to  consider who depends on landlines: older Americans and retirees, who  often have multiple doctors, caregivers, and loved ones using long-held  phone numbers.   Congressman Mike Thompson authored the bill to help the survivors of  the Atlas and Tubbs fires that ravished his Congressional District in  2017. Thousands lost their homes and were further frustrated to learn  they also lost their phone numbers, because phone companies had given  the numbers away.   The bill was marked up on March 10, 2020, by the Subcommittee and on  September 9, 2020, by the full Energy & Commerce Committee. At both  markups, I offered amendments to ensure the bill would have broad,  bipartisan support and would be as effective as possible.   The bill is carefully drafted to plug a small gap in the law, but  this gap means the world to our constituents the bill is written to  protect.   The legislation before us is necessary and powerful, and I urge my  collagues to support it.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4996, the Helping  MOMS Act of 2019. I'm proud to have advanced this bipartisan bill  through my Health Subcommittee and I'm pleased to support it on the  Floor today.   My thanks to Reps. Kelly, Burgess, Underwood, Rodgers, Pressley, and  Carter for introducing the Helping Medicaid Offer Maternity Services  Act, a bipartisan bill to make it easier for states to expand Medicaid  or CHIP coverage for one year postpartum.   While the uninsured rate among postpartum women has decreased thanks  to the Affordable Care Act, many women still lose Medicaid coverage two  months after having a baby.   In Texas, Georgia, and Oklahoma, 20 percent of new mothers are  uninsured. Lack of coverage keeps women from receiving needed care,  including mental health services to detect and treat postpartum  depression.   This bill makes it easier for states to expand coverage by removing  administrative red tape and by offering a small financial incentive to  states to expand postpartum care.   I think we should go further and make postpartum coverage a mandatory  benefit in the Medicaid program, but I'm pleased we're taking this step  today to make it an easy option for states.   I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for this bill.  [[Page H5003]]     Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5572, the  ``Family Support Services for Addiction Act of 2020.'' I'm proud to  have advanced this bipartisan bill through my Health Subcommittee and  I'm pleased to support it on the Floor today.   H.R. 5572, the ``Family Support Services for Addiction Act of 2020''  was introduced by Reps. David Trone (D-MD) and Daniel Meuser (R-PA) and  provides grants to community organizations that provide support  services for families and family members living with substance use  disorders or addiction. When family members are empowered and supported  to help their loved one struggling with substance use disorder,  patients and families achieve better outcomes.   The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that more  than 70,000 people died in the U.S. from an opioid overdose in 2019.  These numbers are projected to be higher in 2020, in part because of  the COVID pandemic. We have to do everything we can to address the  substance use disorder crisis by helping patients and their families. I  urge my colleagues to support this bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4439, the  Creating Hope Reauthorization Act. I'm proud to have advanced this  bipartisan bill through my Health Subcommittee and I'm pleased to  support it on the Floor today.   The Creating Hope Reauthorization Act sponsored by Representative  G.K. Butterfield helps children access pediatric cancer drugs.   Pediatric cancer is the number one disease killer of American  children, but pharmaceutical companies often avoid developing pediatric  cancer drugs because of the small market and the high risks associated  with studying and testing drugs for children.   The Creating Hope Reauthorization Act provides incentives for the  research and development of pediatric cancer drugs by providing the  developers with the valuable Priority Review Vouchers which allow the  recipient to speed up the FDA review of any one of its new drug  products.   Since its passage the GAO studied the pediatric priority review  vouchers and found that pharmaceutical developers said Priority Review  Vouchers were a factor in drug development decisions.   Dr. Crystal Mackall of the Stanford Center for Cancer Cell Therapy  said that, ``The voucher program has been remarkedly impactful for  childhood cancers. Before the program, I used to go with my hat in hand  to beg investors to consider a potential drug. Now people take a second  look and are interested in developing drugs. We're just getting started  on this new way of thinking about children's drugs. The voucher program  required a culture change around how to think of the pediatric drug  business model, which in the drug development world could take a  while.''   As Dr. Mackall said, this program seeks to shift decision-making  early in the lengthy drug development cycle. A lengthy reauthorization  of 4 years as offered in the AINS will be beneficial for this decision- making and I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   