 Mr. President, the coronavirus doesn't come with a label  saying ``Made in China,'' but perhaps it should. This pandemic, which  began in Wuhan, China, has flooded the world just like so many products  from China that we all now rely upon to protect ourselves against the  spread of the contagion. The situation underscores the conundrum our  Nation faces balancing the need to work with the Chinese Government and  the challenges of holding the Communist Party accountable for its  devious deeds.   Plain and simple: The Chinese Communist Party attempted to cover up  the outbreak of COVID-19 from the very beginning and continues to do so  today. Rather than containing the spread of the virus, the regime has  focused on containing knowledge of the outbreak, going so far as  punishing Chinese scientists who dared to warn about the virus's  imminent danger.   As a result, we now face a worldwide pandemic that has claimed  countless victims and could impact every aspect of our lives for  months, if not years, to come. China doesn't play by the rules. They  constantly seek to undermine the law. And if you ask an Iowa farmer,  they will tell you the same.   For years, China has stolen intellectual property and reneged on  their trade agreements. While we have seen China still purchasing some  of our corn and soybeans, they haven't completely held up their end of  the deal when it comes to China phase one.   Folks, when China cheats on trade deals, the impact is real: American  jobs are lost and wealth is transferred from the United States to the  Communist Party of China. This is unacceptable, especially after the  damage already caused to our economy by China's mishandling of the  coronavirus outbreak.   For decades, our leaders in Washington played along, remaining quiet  as China stole American intellectual property and scientific research,  cheated on trade deals, and violated basic human rights. Those days are  over.   President Trump is standing up to China by taking decisive actions  against the Communist regime for its flagrant violation of trade deals  and crackdown on the autonomy and rights of Hong Kong.   I have heard this from farmers in Iowa. They know that this President  is standing up for them and pushing back on China. And here in the  Senate, my colleagues and I are also holding China accountable.   Right now, I am laser-focused on decreasing our dependency on China  for critical supplies. The COVID-19 pandemic has been what I call a  great awakening when it comes to the vulnerabilities in our supply  chain. The United States has become far too dependent on Communist  China for items like personal protective equipment, prescription drugs,  and other essential medical supplies. We need to fix that. And that is  what I am fighting to do.   During my military service, including as a logistics battalion  commander in the Iowa Army National Guard, I learned firsthand the  importance of securing the defense supply chain. We cannot continue to  rely on our adversaries, like China, for critically important national  security materials.   That is why, in this year's annual Defense bill, I made it a priority  to boost support for university research in places like Iowa to ensure  we can make and manufacture metals and materials here at home. This  will help make sure China doesn't corner the world market on key  materials.   Retaking our supply chain from Red China also means removing  unnecessary redtape imposed by Washington. I am working to waive the  tax penalties for manufacturing and medical supply companies that  choose to relocate to America.   I have also demanded the Treasury Department investigate how Chinese  companies are avoiding taxes that U.S. businesses have to pay.   Iowans across the State have told me how much they appreciate this  President standing up for them by pushing back on the years of bad  actions by the Communist Party. They also want to end our dependence on  that same Communist regime.   Yes, we can and we should continue trading important agricultural  products. But at the same time, we should bring jobs back and make  critical supplies ourselves so that when you look at a product's label,  it proudly reads ``Made in the U.S.A.''   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, Americans are facing extremely challenging  [[Page S4401]]  times, and, right now, folks are working hard just to make ends meet to  put food on their table and to care for their families and their loved  ones.   As our communities continue to grapple with the devastating impacts  of the coronavirus pandemic, the crisis of rising drug costs in the  United States has only worsened. Now, more than ever, folks are  operating on very thin margins and simply don't have room in their  budgets for expensive prescriptions.   No individual should have to make the decision between filling a  lifesaving prescription and feeding their family. The skyrocketing  costs of prescription drugs have become a matter of life and death for  so many. We have heard the heartbreaking stories of individuals who  could not afford their insulin, who were forced to ration and skip  doses, and, as a result, they lost their lives.   I remember quite vividly a conversation I had with an Iowa mother  explaining how she lost her son who, as a young man, was rationing his  insulin because he could not afford to do more. It was a heartbreaking  discussion, and having that discussion with that mother, I could not  help but think then of my own brother and sister who have been reliant  on insulin as juvenile diabetics for nearly all of their lives. When we  talk about the cost of prescription drugs, lives are literally on the  line.   Iowans have been very clear with me where they stand on this issue.  They want to see us come together to advance solutions that drive down  those drug prices. Seniors, families, and children all need to be  assured that when they go to the pharmacy, they will be able to afford  their medications and not have to skip a meal--or more--to do so.   This is why I was proud to join my friend and my colleague, Senator  Grassley, in introducing a piece of legislation that I know he has  worked tirelessly on--the Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act of  2020. This vital piece of legislation would root out unfair pricing  shenanigans and perverse payment incentives that allow pharmaceutical  companies to take advantage of the system at the expense of taxpayers  and patients.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, this bill would save  taxpayers $95 billion with a ``b,'' reduce out-of-pocket expenses by  $72 billion with a ``b,'' and reduce premiums by $1 billion with a  ``b.''   It needs to be said that Chairman Grassley worked for months on end  to craft this bill in a bipartisan manner with his Democratic  counterparts. In fact, two-thirds of the Senate Finance Committee  approved our bipartisan Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act a year  ago this very month--two-thirds of the Senate Finance Committee. Yet,  at a time when Americans are struggling to afford rent and groceries,  my colleagues across the aisle suddenly chose to drop their support for  this bipartisan drug pricing reform bill that they helped write.   Let me make that clear. The Democrats helped write the bill with  Senator Grassley. Those who sat on the Finance Committee approved this  bill last year.   This year, they are refusing to assist my senior Senator, Chuck  Grassley, in moving forward a bill they helped write. That begs the  question: What changed over the course of one year? Do you know what,  folks? That is exactly what happened. It was the year: 2020 is an  election year, and that means Washington is not focused on solutions;  it is all about the political scoreboard.   We have seen it already this year with our friends across the aisle  blocking us from even debating the JUSTICE Act, the police reform bill  that contained about 70 percent of what our Democratic colleagues were  asking for in police reform.   Iowans put their partisanship aside and came together and got a  police reform package passed; that is, Iowans in our State legislature.  I wish we could say the same for Washington, not only on the JUSTICE  Act but also this prescription drug pricing bill. Lowering prescription  drug costs shouldn't be about who gets the credit. It should be about  working across the aisle to save lives, which is the very reason that  Senator Grassley worked hand in hand with Democrats on this bill.   Iowans should expect more from Washington. They want more, and they  should get it.   Chairman Grassley, President Trump, and I will not back down from  this fight. We will press on and do everything in our power to provide  relief to Americans who desperately need it. I will continue to call on  my Democratic colleagues to come to the table to work on improving our  Nation's healthcare system and drive down the costs for Americans.  Whether it is lowering drug costs, expanding childcare options for  families, ensuring protections for individuals with preexisting  conditions, like my sister and my brother, or simply making sure that  children have access to clean diapers--simple things. These are all  issues that Americans want to see Congress take action on.   Just recently, I joined with my colleague Senator Braun of Indiana in  introducing a bill that helps address yet another critical issue for  Americans--increasing transparency and lowering healthcare costs.   Our Healthcare PRICE Transparency Act would implement the  administration's rules requiring hospitals and insurers to reveal their  low, discounted prices and negotiated rates to patients before they  receive medical care. Iowans should be able to know the costs  associated with their healthcare in advance so they can make the best  decisions for themselves and for their families.   Folks, let's not forget that, outside the Halls of Congress,  Americans are facing hard times. They are mourning the loss of loved  ones who have been taken by this virus. They are worried about how they  will take care of their children at home while they work to provide.  They are concerned for their health and the well-being of their loved  ones. Many of them are considering skipping a dose of their medication  or cutting a pill in half to try to make those prescriptions stretch  just a little bit further until their next paychecks.   Let's put aside political interests. Let's work together on this. I  will be standing at the ready, and it is my sincere hope that my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in this effort.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   