 Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in support of H.R. 2474, the Protecting the Right to Organize  Act, or the great PRO Act. The Subcommittee on Health, Employment,  Labor, and Pensions, which I am privileged to chair, conducted three  long, riveting hearings in the 116th Congress. During these hearings,  we assessed a multitude of legal obstacles workers face in securing  union recognition and winning collective bargaining agreements.   Some facts are indisputable. Collective bargaining gives America's  workers an economic ladder and safer working conditions. There are so  many unsafe working conditions all over America.   During our first hearing, we heard testimony from Cynthia Harper, who  suffered a severe injury in an Ohio assembly plant. Even though Cynthia  was hurt, she did not give up. She fought for her rights. Cynthia was  fired from her plant for organizing a union to win safer working  conditions for herself and her coworkers.   Incredibly, the National Labor Relations Act has no civil penalties  that deter employers from violating workers' rights. Importantly, the  PRO Act addresses this by establishing meaningful penalties for  companies that violate their employees' rights. This important  legislation cements into law the principle that workers deserve the  right to negotiate for a fair share of the wealth, wealth that their  hard work, sweat, and tears helps to create for this Nation.   This bill makes every American man's, woman's, and child's life  better. Make no mistake, anyone who has gotten a livable wage, equal  pay for equal work, and a safe working environment should thank unions  and support the PRO Act. Anyone who grew up in a middle-class home and  is fighting to build a middle-class home for their own children should  thank unions and support the PRO Act. Anyone who believes in growing  wages, providing healthcare for all people, and protecting workers'  rights should thank unions and support the PRO Act. Anyone who knows we  should protect the right to organize and institute financial penalties  on companies that interfere should thank unions and support the PRO  Act.   Every single Member of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, House and  Senate, represents working people, and this is a working people's bill.   Simply put, if you claim to fight for and support the interests of  working people, you must support the PRO Act.   I ask all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to support the  working people of America and support the PRO Act.   