 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Speier for yielding.  I appreciate it.   I rise today to talk about the childcare crisis facing our Nation,  and by extension, our national economy.   I rise today to share the stories from working mothers in my  district, to outline the disastrous impact maintaining the status quo  will have for families and communities and businesses, and to instill a  sense of urgency for addressing this childcare crisis, because prior to  COVID, women represented over half the working people in this Nation.  Over half.   So let's be clear, when working moms are losing ground, that is the  American middle class losing ground. And the current reality of the  American childcare system is endless waitlists for spots that may never  open up.   The current reality is unreasonable costs that eat away at 20, 30, 40  percent of a working parent's paycheck.   In fact, I have a constituent who has two children in childcare and  pays over the amount of their paycheck in childcare. And in over half  of the States in this Nation, center-based infant care costs more than  in-State college tuition. That is what is facing families today.   And the current reality is to make it work, often for families-- including my own family--the only way you make it work is with the help  of grandparents or friends. So God help you, if you don't have that  safety net in place.   The current reality is that too many moms are being forced to leave  their jobs because they simply can't make it work. And if we don't act,  too many of those moms will not be able to re-enter our workforce.   Two weeks ago, I convened a round table to have an in-depth  conversation with working women in NJ-11. The stories I heard on that  call mirror the experiences of women across my district, of the women  serving alongside me in this legislative body, and they mirror my own  experiences over the past 16 years as a working mom raising my four  children.   Anyone who has had a child in the last few decades knows that the  barriers to entry for childcare in America begin before your first  child is even born. You are only pregnant for 9 months, but mothers  have told me about 2-year waiting lists and a dearth of available  options.   That situation got worse during the pandemic, with many centers  closing down or going out of business.   And that is the current reality when things go according to plan.   During that round table, we heard from too many people who had  changes in their lives which upended their whole childcare plan. During  that round table, I heard from a professor who told me about how her  search for childcare became twice as hard when she and her wife found  out they were expecting twins. It got even harder than that when they  were born premature and had health concerns that required in-home care.   She and her spouse were forced to make the impossible choice to cut  their income in half so one of them could stay at home or to incur the  astronomically high cost of in-home care. That is the catch-22 our  families are facing too many times today.    I have a working mom and a councilwoman in my district who faced a  similar dilemma. When she had her son, she was lucky enough to find a  great childcare center with space for him, but the price of quality  care was steep. She was in the position where her salary was just above  the cost of care. Like far too many women, she considered leaving the  workforce simply because the costs were unjustifiable. But in her case,  she couldn't afford not to work. And she is lucky she didn't stop  because we know that for women who quit the workforce for even 1 year,  that is a 40 percent pay cut over the next 15 years.   This issue is about the family budget, the bottom line, the ability  to make ends meet. And for too many families, the exorbitant costs of  childcare place them just steps away from financial ruin.  [[Page H5715]]    My councilwoman was lucky to find good childcare near where she  lived, but what happens when you move?   Well, we heard from another working mom about that. She and her  husband had great daycare for their 1-year-old that they really loved.  They were one of the lucky ones. Unfortunately, when they decided it  was time to move, they couldn't find anywhere with space near their new  home. So for months before they got off the wait list at a new center,  they left their house every day at 6:30 a.m. to drop their child off at  the old daycare center before starting their own long commute to work.   But even with that daycare system, she still needed help from a  family member to pick up her son when the daycare center closed hours  before she and her spouse finished work. And this dilemma has only  gotten worse during COVID with childcare centers scaling back their  hours due to workforce shortage issues.   All of these barriers come with a direct economic cost. This isn't  just a woman's issue. This isn't just a children's issue. This is a  critical economic issue facing our Nation.   In September alone, 26,000 women lost jobs while more than 200,000  men gained jobs. And that is not to mention the more than 300,000 women  who left the workforce entirely that month.   We are leaving hundreds of billions of dollars of potential economic  growth and improved GDP on the table by failing to fix this crisis and  continuing to force women out of the workforce.   And we are certainly not solving the workforce crisis facing  communities all across this country.   Tonight, you will hear from many of us outlining the stories that we  ourselves and our constituents face, the concerns that the very real  obstacles and challenges with childcare across this country are  hampering too many women in the workforce. We are jumping through hoops  and making tough financial decisions, calling on friends and family  members just to find and maintain affordable and quality childcare. And  as a result, our families are suffering.   The progress women have made in the workforce and in our society is  suffering.   Our economic recovery post pandemic is suffering.   But it doesn't have to be this way.   We have the opportunity to make crucial investments in our childcare  system to ensure that no family in this Nation pays more than 7 percent  of their income on childcare. This budget plan represents an important  start to helping working women stay in the workforce after having a  child, help those who left re-enter, and keep more money in the pockets  of hardworking families across this country.   And we can do all this as we ignite our economic recovery and build  back better.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Madam Speaker, it truly is. And as you know, as you  chair your subcommittee and hear, I'm sure, from far too many families  about as the difficulties of childcare grow, the difficulties of being  a fully deployable force like our United States Navy grow.   So certainly, it is a national security issue, as well.   