 Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear colleague from Michigan  for putting together this Special Order for us to talk about our former  colleague--and for so many of us--our friend, Representative Paul  Mitchell.   Mr. Speaker, I first had the opportunity to meet Representative  Mitchell on the floor of the House when his youngest son was visiting.  We were on the House floor, entering our cards in for a vote, and  Paul's son wanted to help push the voting button for different Members.  Paul, at that time, was a Republican; I am a Democrat. And if you gave  your card to Paul's son, he would invariably vote with the Republicans,  regardless of who you were. So there were quite a few engaged Democrats  who thought they were being so kind letting a child vote, who had to  run over to the well right behind me to change their vote, because,  indeed--I believe he was 10 at the time--a 10-year-old had somehow  mischievously voted incorrectly.   Paul was simultaneously delighted by what was a bit of a funny  experience on the House floor, but also a little bit embarrassed that  people were running over,   That was Paul. He would bring, and does bring, joy to every meeting.  He is a serious person, focused on policy, focused on truth, on  reality, on the things that matter to him, which were: his incredible  career in business, on his wonderful family, eminently proud of his  children; and, particularly, always willing to draw on his personal  experiences in business, as a parent--as a parent of a law enforcement  officer--to find commonality and to advocate for the things that he  believes in.   And during our time in Congress, I was so grateful to serve on the  Problem Solvers Caucus, or to be part of the Problem Solvers Caucus  with Paul, where invariably during our weekly meetings, he would be a  jovial part of those meetings, focused on the hard work of legislating,  but also on bringing a bit of humanity and commonality to the people  gathered around the table, sometimes engaging in very, very difficult  conversations.   Paul made the very hard decision to retire after his terms in  Congress. It was one that, as a friend, I heard him talk through the  pros, the cons, whether he was ready to leave this place. A place that,  while he was here, he so deeply loved, and a place where I believe as a  colleague, I saw him make a significant impact. But ultimately, with a  young child at home, a beautiful farm with lots of sheep, and a renewed  interest in a love of racing, Paul did decide that it was time for him  to retire.   Since his retirement, I have been a friend who has been on the  receiving end of so many photos, as I am sure so many of our colleagues  here have been, of snowy days on the farm in Michigan, beautiful views  of the water, and race cars.   As a Virginian, we have a NASCAR racetrack just on the line of my  district--I generally like to claim it. And Paul was scheduled before  his diagnosis to come to Virginia for a race. And I just thought how  hysterical is that for a man I used to talk hard policy issues and  debate policy and disagree--sometimes very fervently--with is now going  to be literally racing through my district--or just adjacent--in his  race car.   So I look forward to the time when Paul--because he is a fighter,  regardless of any diagnosis--I think we know that he is intent on  getting back in his race car, back to his farm, and certainly  continuing to be engaged and focused.   I look forward to the time when we could welcome him in Virginia for  him to race around the track. I am unsure whether or not I may choose  to enter into that vehicle with him, but I might stand on the sidelines  and cheer.   Mr. Speaker, Paul was an incredible friend. He was an incredibly good  Member of Congress, because at every moment, he just was focused on  what was right. I know that is how he was in business, in his personal  life before he came here. I know that is how he continues to be.   Certainly, as a new Member of Congress, witnessing someone who has  always genuinely shown kindness and heart, every conversation he had  here in the Halls of Congress was a great example to me. I am so proud  to have  [[Page H3069]]  served with him during his time in Congress, but far more than that, I  am deeply honored to call Paul Mitchell a friend, a real friend, and  deeply honored to know that he is someone who will always stand up for  truth, who will always stand up for what is right, who will always  stand up for his family, for his friends, and for his country.   So my dear friend, I wish you the very best as you continue in your  recovery. We are all thinking of you. I am so grateful for your  friendship.   