 Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland  Security Committee, the Out of Iraq Caucus, and a cosponsor, I rise in  strong support of H.R. 256, which repeals the Authorization for Use of  Military Force Against Iraq passed by Congress nearly twenty years ago  on October 16, 2002 as Pub. L. 107-243.   I extend my thanks and deep appreciation to our colleague, the  gentlewoman from California, Congresswoman Barbara Lee, for her  tireless and unwavering devotion to repealing this misguided AUMF and  acknowledging the grievous mistake history has shown it to be and as  many of predicted at the time it would be.   Congress never intended for the 2002 AUMF to have such broad and  extended reach.   Over the last 18 years, we have seen 3 Presidents use this  legislation as a blank check to engage in serious military action.   The 2002 AUMF is an outdated piece of legislation and repealing it  will not affect any current military operations.   Moreover, the 2002 AUMF is unnecessary because everything the 2002  AUMF covers is already fully covered under the 2001 9/11 AUMF, except  for attacks against Iran.   Congress passed the 2002 AUMF to address the perceived threat posed  by the regime of Saddam Hussein and the AUMF permitted the President to  use the armed forces as ``necessary and appropriate'' to ``defend U.S.  national security against the continuing threat posed by Iraq'' and to  ``enforce all relevant Security Council resolutions regarding Iraq.''   U.S. military deployments and operations carried out pursuant to the  2002 AUMF--dubbed Operation Iraqi Freedom--officially concluded in  2011.   Almost 18 years after the resolution's passage, the United States  recognizes the sovereignty of Iraq and considers Iraq a key ally.   Under the Constitution, Congress has the sole duty to declare war and  repealing obsolete Authorizations for Use of Military Force (AUMFs) is  essential for Congress to fulfill its constitutional responsibilities.   Leaving the 2002 AUMF in place increases the likelihood that future  presidents will use it as a basis to start a new war, or expand a  current one, without Congress's explicit authorization.   In July 2019, the House adopted a Lee amendment to NDAA virtually  identical to H.R. 256, To Repeal the AUMF Against Iraq Resolution of  2002, by a bipartisan vote of 242 to 180.   The overly broad 2002 AUMF represents deterioration of Congressional  oversight.   As our brave service members are deployed around the world in combat  zones, Congress is missing in action.   Congress must repeal the 2002 AUMF immediately to fulfill its  constitutional obligation to provide oversight and consent on matters  of war and peace.   As provided under the War Powers Resolution of 1973, absent a  Congressional declaration of war or authorization for the use of  military force, the President as Commander-in-Chief has constitutional  power to engage the U.S. armed forces in hostilities only in the case  of a national emergency created by an attack upon the United States,  its territories or possessions, or its armed forces.   Mr. Speaker, since the objectives which led Congress to pass the 2002  Authorization to Use Military Force (AUMF) have been achieved, I  believe the authorization to use that military force expired  automatically.   That is why thirteen years ago, on October 31, 2007, I introduced  H.R. 4020, the ``Military Success in Iraq Commemoration Act of 2007,''  which acknowledged and affirmed that the two objectives of the 2002  AUMF--(1) to defend the national security of the United States and (2)  to enforce all relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions  regarding Iraq--had in fact been achieved and called upon the President  to issue a proclamation calling upon the people of the United States to  observe a national day of celebration commemorating military success in  Iraq.   Mr. Speaker, where a Congressional authorization to use military  force has expired, the President must obtain a new authorization to  continue the use of force.   As a co-equal branch of government, it is Congress's right and  responsibility to be fully consulted regarding any potential plans to  expand military operations in the region, to assess whether such action  is in the national security interest of the United States and our  allies, and to withhold or grant authorization for the use of military  force based on this assessment.   As we have learned from the painful and bitter experience of the past  18 years, at the initiation of hostilities, the costs in terms of blood  and treasure of U.S. military interventions abroad are often  underestimated and the benefits overstated.   More than 6,800 American service members gave the last full measure  of devotion to their country on battlefields in Afghanistan and Iraq,  with hundreds of thousands more returning with physical, emotional, or  psychological wounds that may never heal.   The direct economic cost of the war in the Persian Gulf exceeds $1.07  trillion, including $773 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations  funds, an increase of $243 billion to the Department of Defense base  budget, and an increase of $54.2 billion to the Veterans Administration  budget to address the human costs of the military involvement in Iraq.   We should not repeat the mistakes of the past and the legislation  before us is directly aligned with the will of the American people.   I commend my colleague, Congresswoman Barbara Lee for introducing  this legislation and urge all Members to vote for H.R. 256 and repeal  the misguided and certainly outdated 2002 Authorization For Use of  Military Force in Iraq.   