 Mr. President, I am here today to make clear what is  at stake if the Supreme Court overturns the Affordable Care Act in the  middle of this global pandemic.   This is something the Trump administration has been trying for, for  years. It came out of a case in Texas, and they brought it all the way  now to the U.S. Supreme Court.   It has been over 9 months since the United States had its first  confirmed case of the coronavirus. Now we have over 7 million cases  and, tragically, over 200,000 people have died.   It has been 9 months but still we do not have a national testing  strategy in place--something that would not only save lives but also  would be a great help in having the ability to open our economy again.   We don't have sufficient contact tracing or clear guidance to schools  and businesses of how to keep their students, employees, and customers  safe.   Nearly 30 million people are out of work, and today many are still  struggling to pay their rent and put food on the table for their  families.   Millions of kids are sometimes going to school in hybrid models--in  for a few days, out of a few days. They are learning to use Zoom. First  graders--one of my staff members in Minnesota, her first grade daughter  is learning the mute and unmute button.   But instead of being honest with the American people about how  serious this was, we have had a President who hid the truth about how  deadly the virus is and how it spreads.   This is personal to me. When the President was telling the American  people that this was all going to go away; that it was going to go away  by Easter, at the same time that he knew, we now know, that it was  deadly; that he knew that it was airborne, when my family was just  trying to wash off all of the counters and wash your hands, which is  still a good idea, but we thought that would be the way to keep  ourselves safe, this President didn't share that information.   And my husband, early on, got very, very sick from the virus. He  ended up in the hospital with severe pneumonia and on oxygen. So, for  me, it is personal. But guess what. It is personal to nearly everyone  in America because they know someone--a friend, a family member who has  died or who has gotten sick.   Now, in my husband's case, thanks to the brave frontline workers and  the nurses and the hospital and the doctors, and thanks to the fluke-- it is just serendipity if people are able to survive this or not,  depending on how hard-hit they are. Our story isn't unique, and many  other people who went to the hospital didn't come home, and we now know  this has inordinately hit frontline workers and inordinately hit people  of color.   So here we are, so many months later and well over 100 days after the  House first passed the Heroes Act--legislation to provide true funding  for testing, help State and local governments go through this time, to  make sure our elections are safe during this pandemic--and still we  wait.   And while I am encouraged that Speaker Pelosi is, once again,  negotiating after she and Senator Schumer had met with the White House,  met with the majority leader of this Senate, offered to go halfway,  that was rejected, and still people kept dying. I think something like  800 businesses closed a day. Hundreds of people are dying a day.   So now they are at it again. Speaker Pelosi is coming up with a new  plan that is significantly less funding but one that we hope has a  glimmer of hope. But this has not been a priority in this place.   Instead, the plan is to spend the next few weeks jamming through a  nominee to the Supreme Court. What is the rush? Why not focus on  working together to help the American people get through this pandemic?  Why not focus on getting a bunch of the bills done that have been  sitting on the majority leader's desk, like the Violence Against Women  Act? That is sitting there. Why not take some action on climate change?  That is sitting there as the fires are blazing on the west coast. Why  not do something about pharmaceutical prices--something the President  has claimed to be trying to do something about in the last month of his  administration.   Well, another challenge to the Affordable Care Act is going to be  back up before the Supreme Court just 1 week after the election on  November 10. Do you think that has anything to do with this rush to a  Justice? Is that what it is? Because it is right after the election.   Otherwise, why wouldn't you wait? See who wins the election. That is  what Abraham Lincoln did--the only time in history a Justice died this  close to an election. He waited to see who won.   But, no, we are told this has to happen now, despite the fact that  only a few years ago a completely different precedent was set by the  majority of people who are serving in this Senate right now on the  Republican side of the aisle.   But what is coming up November 10? The case. The Affordable Care Act  or, as they like to call it, ObamaCare. I always love that President  Obama was more than happy to adopt the name for the bill, given that  the bill has become more and more popular, given that it has helped  hundreds of thousands of people to get insurance, given that it has  helped, more than that, millions of people to not be kicked off their  insurance.   You don't have to be in one of those exchanges to be protected by the  Affordable Care Act, which basically says that if you have a  preexisting condition, whether it is diabetes, Alzheimer's, or cancer,  that you cannot be kicked off of your health insurance. That applies to  everyone in America, with that bill.   There are people in the Senate, right here, who have been trying to  repeal the Affordable Care Act--trying to do it for years. They had a  big debate over it. That didn't work. That didn't work because John  McCain walked in. I can still picture him right now walking in that  door and saying no. All he would say was that he wasn't going to deny  healthcare coverage to people because he had it himself.   So then they tried again--went down to Texas and found a court down  there maybe that they thought would be helpful. And guess what. Then it  gets struck down there--not just a part of it. They said no, no, no.  They made it the whole thing. That is what is coming up to the Supreme  Court on November 10. So if you can't get your way one way, the  administration decided they were going to try it in court. It is their  lawyers--their lawyers--who argued this, Donald Trump's lawyers.   They have been trying to get rid of the Affordable Care Act and the  protections it provides for people with preexisting conditions for  years, but have we seen an alternative plan from this President? No, we  have not.   That last time, when we saw that effort by my colleagues to repeal  the healthcare law, it would have kicked 11 million people off of  Medicaid, it would have let insurance companies charge  [[Page S5913]]  people more if they got sick, and it included an age tax, where an  older person could have been charged five times more than a younger  person.   That was the plan we saw before. That plan was opposed by every major  group you trust when it comes to your healthcare, the largest groups of  doctors, nurses, seniors, hospitals, people with cancer, Alzheimer's,  lung disease, heart disease, diabetes. They said it was the worst bill  for the people of this country.   There was never even a vote on that bill because it was so unpopular.  That was, of course, just months after that previous effort I just  described where John McCain walked into the Chamber and gave the repeal  of the Affordable Care Act, which would have taken healthcare away from  so many Americans, a big no.   Senator McCain believed that courage is not just standing by  yourself, giving a speech to an empty Chamber, like I happen to be  doing right now, so thank you, the 10 people who are here. It is not  just that. It is whether you are willing to stand next to someone whom  you don't always agree with for the betterment of this country.   But that is not what we are seeing here. Indeed, my colleagues have  not been able to succeed in repealing the healthcare law using the  legislative process. The administration has turned to the courts.   Let's look at the track record. I like looking at evidence, as a  former prosecutor. Even before he was elected, the President promised  that his judicial appointment ``will do the right thing'' and overturn  the Affordable Care Act. He has criticized the sitting Chief Justice,  Justice Roberts, for upholding the law when it was last before the  Court. Just days ago he said on Twitter that it would be a ``big win''  if the Supreme Court strikes down the health law.   Now, with Americans already voting, the President is trying to jam  through a nominee who has already voiced serious opposition to  upholding the Affordable Care Act. The same year that this nominee  became a judge--that would be in 2017; she was confirmed in October-- she published an article with the University of Minnesota Law School  Journal--a pretty good journal--writing that she believed Chief Justice  Roberts--this was her criticism of the Chief Justice--``pushed the  Affordable Care Act beyond its plausible meaning to save the statute.''   If President Trump's nominee is confirmed before oral arguments on  November 10, yes, she could easily cast the deciding vote to strike  down the law in its entirety. The American people know what that will  mean to them. To start, protection for people with preexisting  conditions like diabetes or asthma would be gone. More than 100 million  Americans have a preexisting condition, and the Affordable Care Act  makes sure they cannot be denied insurance coverage or charged  significantly higher premiums.   Before the ACA--and I remember this because we debated it in this  very Chamber--43 States allowed insurers to charge higher premiums to  people with preexisting conditions. We can't go back to that.   Without the Affordable Care Act, health insurance exchanges, and the  support for States to expand Medicaid, it is estimated that 20 million  Americans would lose their insurance.   The ability to keep your kid on your insurance plan until they are 26  years old would be gone. How many parents are using this right now in  the middle of this pandemic? I don't know the number, but I know it is  a lot.   The work we have done to close the Medicare doughnut hole coverage  gap for prescription drugs would be gone.   The provisions that would help people buy insurance on the healthcare  exchanges would be gone in the middle of a global pandemic.   Over 7 million Americans have been infected by the coronavirus, and  the cases are rising. That is 7 million people who, without the  Affordable Care Act, could be found to have another preexisting  condition, and that is 7 million people who may have recovered from the  virus, but, as Dr. Fauci has warned, they continue to struggle with a  range of long-term effects that require comprehensive healthcare  coverage.   So why? Why ram this through in 2 weeks? Is it because that case is  coming up--if you read the President's tweets, it makes you think it  has a lot to do with it--or is it because of the alternative theory he  has put out there that he wants to make sure the Supreme Court is in  place in order to decide the election result? Neither of those theories  is a reason to jam through a nominee, and my colleagues know it.   I know that the people of this country see through this raw use of  political power. They know their healthcare is on the line. They know  it is on the line. They know our environment is on the line. That is  why they are voting. They are voting in droves. They are voting as we  speak. They are casting ballots with each and every second we stand  here in this Chamber.   I yield the floor.   