 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her leadership. I thank, as well, the Chair of the Congressional Black  Caucus for getting us together tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the founder and co-chair of the Black  Maternal Health Caucus.   I want to take this time to speak briefly about the impact of COVID- 19 on the Black community, communities of color, and pregnant women.   For the past 8 months, our country has been battling this incredibly  deadly virus. It is a national public health crisis unlike any we have  experienced. And it has highlighted the existing racial health  disparities that our communities were already facing.   The data does not lie. We know that people of color are experiencing  significantly higher rates of infections and deaths compared to White  individuals.   Black people are more than twice as likely to die from COVID-19 as  White people, and the mortality rate for Native Americans is nearly two  times that of White persons.   Researchers have also found that Black and Hispanic people are nearly  three times as likely to contract COVID-19 and nearly two times as  likely to die from COVID-19.   This month, a CDC morbidity and mortality weekly report found that  pregnant women are at increased risk for severe illness from COVID-19.   Since January 22, more than 38,000 pregnant women have been diagnosed  with COVID-19 in the United States, of which 51 have died.   The study found that pregnant women are more likely to be admitted to  the intensive care unit, receive invasive ventilation, and are at  increased risk of death compared to White, nonpregnant women.   But much remains unknown.   But what we do know is that before the pandemic Black and Brown  mothers were already dying at alarming and unacceptable rates.   In particular, Black women from all walks of life were three and four  times more likely to die from pregnancy-related complications than  White women.   According to the CDC data, Latina women account for nearly 50 percent  of COVID-19 cases among pregnant women.   And these numbers indicate the devastating effects of the pandemic on  the minority community.   A recent study also showed that Black and Latina women in  Philadelphia who are pregnant were five times more likely to be exposed  to the new coronavirus than White pregnant women.   Physicians in Washington, DC, said that anecdotally they were also  seeing similar patterns, according to an August report in the  Washington Post.   As Congresswoman Lee and I have continued to say since the start of  the pandemic, we are facing a crisis within a crisis. And that is why I  have been working closely with healthcare providers, stakeholders, to  provide a comprehensive plan for eliminating these racial health  disparities, especially during the pandemic.   We must improve access to screening and treatment for women at risk  for preterm birth;  [[Page H5757]]    Ensure that all women have access to high quality maternity care, no  matter where they live;   And provide access to midwives or doulas that can advocate for  families' needs throughout pregnancy, labor, and delivery.   This summer I introduced the COVID-19 Bias and Anti-Racism Training  Act to provide grants for hospitals and healthcare providers for  implicit bias training, particularly in light of COVID-19.   We all have our unconscious bias, and it is important for our  healthcare providers to be more aware of those issues as they are  providing care to patients during the pandemic.   We need to invest in programs that help families meet their basic  needs, including nutrition assistance, housing assistance, and other  social supports.   Last, but certainly not least, we must improve the quality of the  data being collected and ensure diversity among stakeholders that serve  on mortality review committees.   If we don't stand together to address these inequities, Black and  Brown mothers, our families, our friends, and our communities will  continue to suffer.   I hope this Congress will stand together to ensure that our  communities, our mothers, our babies have the resources they need--not  only to survive this pandemic, but to thrive and truly build back  stronger.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for her  leadership.   