 Mr. Speaker, wildfires in Washington State have been  increasing in intensity and scale every year for the past few years,  and our State and local fire departments are being called to respond  like never before.   Last year, Kittitas County, a county in my district, worked together  with a neighboring district, closely together, to put out the Evans  Creek fire. And both counties joined forces, they prevented tremendous  damage, stopped the fire.   However, only one county received Federal reimbursement money to help  them pay the expenses; the other one is now left almost destitute  having blown out their budget. So the money followed the county lines,  not the fire lines.   So my amendment ensures that small municipalities can get Federal  reimbursement funds after fighting wildfires, regardless of where those  county lines are. It will direct the Wildland Fire Leadership Council  to provide recommendations on addressing interjurisdictional fire  reimbursement challenges like this one and provide some clarity.   As we face increasingly catastrophic wildfire seasons each year,  stepping up to help a neighboring county should be encouraged. And a  fairer distribution of Federal reimbursement distribution dollars would  do just that.   This is a commonsense amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support  its adoption.   For months, exporters in my district have struggled to get their  crops overseas because foreign-owned carriers are taking empty  containers back to China rather than waiting for our growers to load  their crops. This is threatening decades-long trade relationships  across the Pacific.   These large multination corporations control all overseas  transportation, and exporters really have no power. My amendment  directs the Federal Maritime Commission to enhance assistance to U.S.  exporters and importers both informally and affordably and without the  need to hire lawyers.   Getting U.S. goods to market in a timely fashion can affect the  success of an entire growing season for farmers and for producers. This  issue affects not just Washington State, it affects farmers across the  country and the lack of shipping container availability is an issue at  all U.S. ports.   It is time to give exporters more support to ensure their goods can  get to market in time.   