 Mr. Speaker, let me reemphasize what the  gentlewoman just said. I was so proud to vote for the Heroes Act twice  nearly 8 months ago. I think that we have to move forward and continue  to negotiate, and, hopefully, we will get some  [[Page H6835]]  votes on the other side of the aisle to help save lives and to help  save businesses and to help our economic recovery. But I was proud to  have voted for that twice already.   Thank you to Congresswoman Jackson Lee for her tremendous leadership  in bringing this bill to the floor, the Marijuana Opportunity  Reinvestment and Expungement Act, the MORE Act. Let me thank Chairman  Nadler and our fellow co-chair of the Cannabis Caucus, Congressman Earl  Blumenauer, our respective staffs, and everyone for their effort,  including the House Judiciary staff, for your hard work and for helping  to bring this bill together to the floor.   Also, I have to call your attention to the advocates for their  dedication to educating the public on this issue. This bill is an  important racial justice measure. It is the product of years of work by  so many activists and advocates and young people, and it is long  overdue.   Yes, I have worked to end the war on drugs for many years. The MORE  Act includes my legislation, the Marijuana Justice Act and the REFER  Act, which are the first marijuana racial justice bills introduced in  Congress.   This landmark legislation would end the Federal prohibition and  decriminalize cannabis nationwide by removing it from the list of  controlled substances, which is a major step, mind you, a major step  toward ending the unjust war on drugs and racial inequities which are  central to these laws.   This bill will facilitate expungement of low-level Federal cannabis  convictions, create pathways for lucrative legal cannabis business  ownership opportunities for communities of color, and provide critical  resources for those most devastated by the war on drugs, for  restorative justice to repair this damage.   I refer you to the letter by the chair of our Ways and Means  Committee, Mr. Richard Neal, and I would just like to read a portion of  his statement as it relates to a Ways and Means tax issue, which Mr.  Blumenauer is going to discuss a little further.   Mr. Neal has addressed an issue that came to our attention as an  exclusion in this measure and made a commitment, and he says that he  looks forward to continuing to work with the measure's sponsors and  other committees of jurisdiction to achieve an effective tax regime  that supports a vibrant legal market and provides individuals most  affected by this war on drugs the opportunity to fully participate in  this emerging economy.   I want to thank the chair of the Ways and Means Committee for  agreeing to help us fix several provisions of this important bill.   Make no mistake: This is a major racial justice bill. According to  the ACLU, Black Americans are nearly four times more likely to be  arrested for cannabis-related crimes than White Americans.    Mr. Speaker, Black and Brown people are  targeted more frequently than White Americans, despite equal rates of  use.   Additionally, prison sentences for Black and Brown people are more  likely to be lengthier than White people. Black men receive sentences  over 13 percent longer than White men, and nearly 80 percent of people  in Federal prisons for drug offenses are Black or Latino. So it is time  to end these unjust laws which shatter the lives of so many young  people of color.   I tell you, colleagues, we have got to give our young people a second  chance. So please vote ``yes'' on this bill to help us move our  unfinished business of liberty and justice for all forward. We have got  to begin to really provide racial justice, crack these chains of  systemic racism and this mass incarceration judicial system.   Mr. Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' vote.   