 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 10  minutes on the matter at hand.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak in support  of what is right before us right now, and that is, proceeding to debate  legislation that is critical to our democracy, the Freedom to Vote Act,  which I introduced with the members of the voting rights working group  assembled by Leader Schumer. That would be Senators Manchin, Merkley,  Padilla, King, Kaine, Tester, and Warnock. We all have our names on  this bill. We all feel very strongly about this bill. Why? Because the  freedom to vote is fundamental to all of our freedoms, and it is  currently under attack.   Since the 2020 elections, we have seen a persistent and coordinated  assault on the freedom to vote, but it has been under attack for much  longer, as States have closed polling locations on a massive scale and  purged hundreds of thousands of voters from the rolls.   As foreign adversaries have actually attempted to interfere in our  elections, these attacks on our democracy demand a Federal response.  When you have one State attacked by a foreign adversary, when they try  to get into voter rolls in Illinois or Hawaii, are we going to expect  those States to respond on their own? When you have an assault, a  coordinated assault, on voting rights, so you have similar bills  introduced across the country to limit drop-off boxes; when you have  coordinated attacks to limit vote-by-mail; when you have coordinated  attacks to limit registration to vote, it demands a Federal response.   What is amazing about our Constitution is that the Founding Fathers  anticipated this because right in the Constitution, it says that  Congress--this place where we work--can make and alter the laws  regarding Federal elections. It is bulletproof. It has been upheld time  and time again.   The urgent need for action could not be more serious. With over 400  bills having been introduced in nearly every State to limit the freedom  to vote--over 30 of those have been signed into law--with redistricting  underway to draw congressional maps that will define our democracy for  the next decade--and the first primary for the 2022 elections is in a  little over 4 months in Texas--we must act now.   It has been over 9 months since that violent mob of insurrectionists  stormed into this Chamber, opened up people's desks, and sat where the  Presiding Officer is sitting right now. They desecrated our Capitol,  the temple of our democracy. This was not just an attack on a building.  It was an attack on our Republic. It was an attack on public servants,  police officers who were serving us that day.   As I said from the inaugural stage just 2 weeks later under that  beautiful blue sky at the very place where you could still see the  spray paint on the columns, where we stood in front of makeshift  windows--where we stood together, leaders of both political parties in  both Chambers and from across the Nation--I said: This is the day our  democracy picks itself up, brushes itself off, and does what America  always does--goes forward as one Nation under God, indivisible, with  liberty and justice for all.   We took back our democracy that day. With this Freedom to Vote Act,  which includes provisions that have the support of 78 percent of  Americans  [[Page S7107]]  who favor 2 weeks of early voting and 83 percent of voters who support  public disclosure of campaign contributions because they believe the  people should be running the government, not lobbyists and not outside  groups, we will take it back again from those who are trying to take  away the people's constitutional right to vote.   With 19 States having enacted laws this year to roll back the freedom  to vote, we can't simply sit back and watch our democracy be  threatened. Whether it be threatened with bear spray, crowbars, axes,  or whether it be threatened with long lines, no ballot drop-off boxes,  and secret money, we must stand up for our democracy whether we are  Democrats or Republicans or Independents. That is what our country is  about.   When we are faced with a coordinated effort across our country to  limit the freedom to vote, we must stand up and do what is right. But,  as we have seen in States like Georgia and Florida and Iowa and Montana  and last month in Texas, we are up against a coordinated attack. As  Senator Reverend Raphael Warnock has said, it is really quite simple:  Some people don't want some people to vote. That is what this is about.   What is this Freedom to Vote Act about? It is about minimum standards  for voting. You know, it is 15 days of early voting. My State votes up  to 40 days. That is not what we put in this bill. We put minimum  standards in this bill, ensuring voters have access to at least 2 weeks  of early voting so they can cast their mail-in ballot without an  excuse--something people were able to use as a way to safely vote in  the middle of a public health crisis. They did it in record numbers in  the middle of a crisis because they believed in our democracy no matter  which way they voted. Why would we take away that right from them now  when we are seeing a curtailing of that right in many States across  this country?   It counters partisan interference in election administrations, makes  sure that these super PACs and issue advocacy groups that hide behind  veils have to show who is giving them the money, and prohibits partisan  gerrymandering.   Then we listened to secretaries of state across this country,  Democrats and Republicans. We listened to our colleague Senator  Manchin, who proudly has his name on this bill. So what did we do? We  made changes to this bill. It provides flexibility for small and vote- by-mail jurisdictions on early voting. It makes it easier to implement  automatic voter registration. It creates a new flexible source of  Federal funding to help our States. It ensures election officials can  use best practices for maintaining accurate and up-to-date voter rolls.   It is important to recognize that the Freedom to Vote Act is the  first piece of voting rights legislation this Congress to come to the  Senate floor with the support of all 50 Senate Democrats.   Now, our Republican colleagues may not agree with everything in this  bill. OK. Then don't be scared. Don't hide behind your desks. Don't  deny us the right to simply debate this bill. Our leader, Senator  Schumer, has made it very clear: We are open to amendments on this  bill. We welcome your amendments. We are not putting a limit on  amendments.   So why would you shy away from debating this bill--unless you just  don't want the American people to hear the truth; unless you don't want  the stories told about what is going on in places like Georgia, where  voters are now being asked to put their birth date on the outside of  the inside envelope. Maybe you don't want to have the stories told  about how voters in Wisconsin almost--except for the Governor stopping  it in its tracks, voters in Wisconsin almost were limited in the entire  city of Milwaukee to one drop-off box. That bill passed their  legislature. That is what we are talking about here.   So let's have this debate. Let's hear the argument. Let's not stop  the debate over the fundamental right to vote that our entire democracy  is founded on.   If our Republican colleagues have constructive ideas on ways to  improve this legislation and if they are willing to work with us on  amendments, then we are prepared to hear them. We are simply asking  them to open up the debate. Instead, it will be more people standing in  line, like they did in Wisconsin in the primary, in homemade masks and  garbage bags in a rainstorm just to exercise their right to vote. It is  going to be people who are told, like they just were in Georgia: You  can't even vote on weekends in the runoff period. It is going to be  people who served in our military who have to wait in line in the hot  Sun, wait for hours to vote. That didn't happen when they signed up to  serve our country, but it happens when they try to vote.   Let's have that debate. Americans have fought and died to protect our  freedom to vote. They have done so on the battlefield, and they did so  in marches during the civil rights movement. Fifty-six years after the  Voting Rights Act was passed by this Chamber and signed into law, we  cannot shut down the debate.   Our Nation was founded on the ideals of democracy, and we have seen  for ourselves in this very building that we can't afford to take that  for granted. We can't do it when legislators and Members of Congress  get to pick and choose who is going to be able to vote easily. We do it  by debating real ideas and standing on the shoulders of those who went  out to vote. That is what a democracy is about.   I urge my colleagues to open up the debate, to not be afraid and shut  down the debate, to not hide under their desks, to not put their heads  down. I urge them to simply open up the debate.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   