 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for  bringing this bill to the House.   Madam Speaker, I rise as well to speak in favor of S. 785.   This comprehensive package of legislation complements the other VA  bills we considered yesterday and today. I want to highlight two pieces  of this bill, in particular.   This bill aims to improve the mental health medical workforce at the  VA. The vast majority of veterans who get their care at the VA love  their experience, and that is because of the dedicated VA workforce.   However, we do need to address head-on the issue of staffing  shortages. According to the most recent VA report, there are roughly  50,000 vacant positions at the VA at any given time, many of which are  slots for healthcare providers.   This bill would require the VA to create a plan to address the  staffing of mental healthcare providers at its facilities, and ensure  that each medical center, like the one in Coatesville in my district,  is staffed with a suicide prevention coordinator.   This bill also includes the Staff Sergeant Parker Gordon Fox Suicide  Prevention Grant Program, which would push funding for suicide  prevention services out to vetted community organizations. This is a  similar one that was proposed in the Improve Act, which I was proud to  help lead with my colleague across the aisle, General Bergman.   This will really help us reach the millions of veterans who do not  use the VA for healthcare, or who are more comfortable talking about  their mental health concerns in a nongovernmental setting. It will also  ensure that these organizations can refer veterans to the VA when  needed, ensuring that there is a warm hand-off, which is so critical  when someone is in crisis.   Madam Speaker, I do want to take this opportunity to thank Chairman  Takano for his leadership on this critically important issue. The fact  that the House is poised to pass not only S. 785, but also the  chairman's Veterans COMPACT Act, and a variety of other related bills,  is truly a testament to his laser-like focus on this issue.   Representative Brownley, who leads the Women Veterans Task Force,  also has been especially attentive to the barriers that women veterans  face as well. VA research recently found that the share of women  veterans using the VA has grown nearly 15 percent in 10 years, and we  need to ensure that this VA is adapting and continuing to be the  veterans' first choice for quality mental healthcare regardless of  gender.   Madam Speaker, it has been a pleasure to work with General Bergman on  the Improve Act, given our common background in service. General  Bergman and I quickly connected last year over the importance of  ensuring that we use all of the tools in our toolkit, the VA, community  organizations, peer support groups, and more, to reach veterans in  mental health crisis where they are and where they feel comfortable.   Madam Speaker, I thank General Bergman and Ranking Member Dr. Roe for  their leadership in getting to this moment as well.   I would like to end by saying, it is okay to not be okay. If you are  experiencing a crisis or know someone who is, please dial 1-800-273- 8255, and press 1. Again, 1-800-273-8255, and press 1.   