 Madam President, in a couple of weeks, students in  Nevada and around the country are going to begin their studies again. I  want what every parent in America wants--a safe school year that allows  schoolchildren to thrive in mind and body. To make that happen,  students and parents need the flexibility to make decisions that are  best for their families. They need school systems that can afford the  technology, the equipment, and the resources to keep students and staff  safe. They need access to the internet and the devices that will  support education as well as allow parents to work from home and  supervise their kids.   I have been working to bridge the digital divide for Nevadans as part  of my Innovation State Initiative, which helps Nevada develop  groundbreaking solutions to 21st-century problems. That is why last  month I held a statewide conversation about broadband. I heard local  officials in rural communities talk about the challenges they faced  getting high-quality internet access to their communities.   A 9-year-old student told me how she struggled to do schoolwork  because she only had her mother's cell phone for internet access. I  also heard stories about how libraries in my State are stepping into  the digital breach through the FCC's E-rate Program, which subsidizes  internet access for schools and libraries.   Most of all, we talked about how widespread the issue is in my State.  The FCC's own figures show that half of rural Nevadans and 6 percent of  people statewide can't even get high-speed wired internet. That is not  counting people who can't afford services or devices or those who can't  get reliable wireless services. We are talking hundreds of thousands of  people in the Silver State without the ability to stay connected to one  another during a time of social distancing.   Students in Nevada need internet access not just to attend class  remotely but to submit homework online. Between 12 million and 16  million students across the country can't complete their homework  because they lack access. It is not just families with school-age kids  who need better broadband access; businesses need it, too, to reach new  customers and offer new services, particularly during a time when we  are dealing with a healthcare crisis and asking people to shelter in  place.   That is why we must build on the $2 billion the CARES Act included  for various broadband technology investments and allocate funds in this  next coronavirus package to make access to broadband more affordable in  every ZIP Code.   With my colleagues, I introduced the Accessible, Affordable Internet  for All Act to invest over $100 billion in things like E-rate support,  including Wi-Fi on schoolbuses, and digital literacy training. That  investment can fund vouchers to offset broadband costs for those who  might not otherwise be able to afford it. It can go toward establishing  a one-stop clearinghouse of Federal broadband program information for  communities and organizations that need it and offer the ability to  track funds, through my bipartisan ACCESS BROADBAND Act. Fundamentally,  it can help a confused high school sophomore watch a video explaining  her geometry homework, while her parents video-conference with  colleagues in the next room and her little sister talks with her  grandparents.   It is our job at the Federal level to ensure that Americans across  this country have the resources and tools they need as local districts  so that those districts can decide what is best for their communities  as we move forward. To do that, we need to set aside those proposals  that force schools to make decisions they are uncomfortable with. We  need to listen to local teachers on the ground who know what is best  for their school districts, not legislators in Washington trying to  mandate what schools must do. Local districts are in touch with their  leaders and are monitoring the actual spread of the virus in our local  communities   Yet, unfortunately, some of my colleagues want to withhold two-thirds  of schools' funding unless students are physically present at school.  It makes no sense to make schools all over the country move in  lockstep. We need to listen to local school boards, to parents, to  teachers, and to our public health experts about the safest way to  teach in our local communities.   Back home in Nevada, I am listening to my school districts, to  parents and  [[Page S4910]]  teachers. I am fighting to get the resources and support they need so  that everyone can feel safe and learn in an environment that is best  for them right now. I want to make sure we get our families and school  districts alike the resources and tools they need for the safest  possible year ahead. I want to let them do it on their terms, whether  that is in person or online. But that requires Congress and this Senate  to ensure we are doing everything in the next package to put funding  into broadband so that we can ensure every student has equal access to  the opportunity to learn and no one is left behind.   I encourage all of my colleagues to come together in a bipartisan way  so that we can fund the necessary relief when it comes to broadband and  any other relief that is necessary for our families and our students  and our teachers and our staff during this healthcare crisis.   I yield the floor to my esteemed colleague, the senior Senator from  Rhode Island.   