 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of this  resolution that condemns all forms of anti-Asian sentiment during this  COVID-19 pandemic. This public health crisis has caused significant  pain and suffering to communities across our nation, and we are  especially concerned about an apparent increase in verbal and physical  attacks, as well as discrimination, against Asian Americans.   Our society must clearly state that this xenophobia must not and will  not be accepted. Asian Americans are not responsible for the spread of  COVID-19, and yet they have been repeatedly harassed, discriminated,  and even attacked by some who wrongly believe they are at fault. There  are over two thousand reported incidences of coronavirus-related  discrimination by the Asian Pacific Policy and Planning Council. We  must better protect our vulnerable communities during times of turmoil,  and it is even more egregious that many of these same victims are  simultaneously fighting this pandemic as doctors, nurses, and other  frontline providers.   Therefore, I am proud to support this resolution that explicitly  calls on all public officials to condemn and denounce all anti-Asian  sentiment in any form. Additionally, I am pleased that this legislation  recognizes that the health and safety of all Americans, no matter their  background, must be our utmost priority.   On behalf of the constituents of the 30th Congressional District of  Texas, I am proud to support this resolution condemning anti-Asian  sentiment during this pandemic, and I urge my colleagues to vote in  favor of this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  2694, the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, a critical effort that I have  cosponsored. Despite almost four decades since the passage of the  Pregnancy Discrimination Act, women continue to face significant  challenges in the workplace during their pregnancies.   This is especially concerning for those working jobs that require  physical activity, for which temporary modifications to limit risks to  expectant mothers should be considered. Instead, employers have often  refused to accommodate pregnant workers, forcing them to choose between  their health or economic security. This is unacceptable--employers  should not be permitted to discriminate against pregnant individuals  who are requesting reasonable workplace accommodations.   Therefore, I am pleased to support the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act,  which will require that employers make these reasonable accommodations  for pregnant workers. This legislation will also benefit those who are  employed and expecting, but it is especially critical for the more than  1 in 5 pregnant workers who are employed in a low-paid job with  physically demanding work and minimal flexibility. The Pregnant Workers  Fairness Act will make possible for accommodations that include the  modification of no-food-or-drink policy to prevent contractions from  lack of hydration, reassignment of heavy lifting duties, and provision  of additional personal protective equipment, staggered workplace  schedules, or telework during COVID-19.   As representatives of Americans from all corners of our country, we  have a responsibility to protect the health and economic livelihood of  our expectant mothers and the well-being of their families. On behalf  of my home state of Texas, I urge my colleagues to support the Pregnant  Workers Fairness Act.   