 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Velazquez and Ranking  Member Luetkemeyer for the opportunity to support this bill.   I rise in support of H.R. 4515, the Small Business Development Center  Cyber Training Act, which increases the ability of Small Business  Development Centers across our country to provide cybersecurity  planning assistance and counseling to small businesses. This important  bill requires that at least five staff members, or 10 percent of the  total number of employees, in each Small Business Development Center in  the country are certified in cybersecurity planning and assistance.   My community is fortunate to have two Small Business Development  Centers, one in Reading and one in Exton. As a former entrepreneur  myself before joining Congress, I know intimately and firsthand how  important these centers are. I am grateful for their commitment to help  entrepreneurs get their businesses off the ground, establish  themselves, and ultimately to thrive. With the enactment of this  bipartisan bill, they will be able to help more small businesses in  southeastern Pennsylvania defend against cyberattacks.   I want to make the following clear to everyone in Congress and across  America: If we are not protecting our small businesses, we are not  protecting our economy. The rise in cyberattacks against our economy  and our economic infrastructure should be cause for very serious alarm.  We need to be doing everything in our power to not only shore up our  defense but also to equip our small business owners with the tools that  they need to defend their businesses.   I was proud to introduce this bipartisan bill with my colleagues,   Andrew Garbarino from New York,   Steve Chabot from Ohio, and my friend  and colleague from Pennsylvania, Dwight Evans. I thank the Small  Business Committee chair, Nydia Velazquez, again for helping bring this  important bill to a vote in the House today.   I urge my colleagues to join me and to vote ``yes'' on this very  important bill.   