 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from  Minnesota for her ongoing leadership on so many issues and, certainly,  this is one of them. We greatly appreciate and need your voice.   Mr. President, for over the past month, Americans in all parts of our  country and from all walks of life have once again been marching for  the cause of justice. They are raising their voices and raising the  names of those killed by police violence: Eric Garner, Michael Brown,  Freddie Gray, Breonna Taylor, George Floyd, and Rayshard Brooks.   Americans aren't marching because of politics. They are not marching  because they want the Senate to pretend to address this issue and hope  it goes away. Americans aren't marching because they want more studies  and reports. No. Americans from all walks of life--young and old,  people of all backgrounds, religions, and nationalities--are marching  because they are sick and tired of learning about more names. They want  the people who represent them here in this Chamber to finally confront  this deadly serious issue with the seriousness it deserves.   It is time we meet their expectations in this historic moment. This  really is a historic moment. It is a historic opportunity for all of us  to come together. It is past time to do something to stop the violence.  It is time to come together and to do something big and consequential,  and it is going to take all of us to be able to do that.   Just think about the big things we have been able to get done in the  past decade or so. I am not trying to equate this current moment and  this seriousness, but I know we know how to do other big things. The  Presiding Officer knows that too. We do things across the aisle. We  work across the aisle when we want to get things done.   I think about passing a farm bill, a 5-year farm bill. A lot of  people said we couldn't get it done because of all the different  interests--the interests of families and food assistance, the interests  of farmers and ranchers and so on.   I had my doubts during those times, but we kept on working in a  bipartisan way, and in the end we got a bipartisan bill that was good  for farmers and our families, good for our environment, good for our  economy. In fact, we passed it with an 87-to-13 vote, which is the most  votes we have ever had in the Senate for a farm bill.   Police violence and the systemic racism that is behind it deserves at  least the same bipartisan effort that we gave the farm bill. In much  the same way, the Senate came together across the aisle and got  comprehensive immigration reform done. That only happened because  people sat down together with different views--Republicans and  Democrats--and worked through the complicated issues that were standing  in our way, and we got it done in the Senate.   Police violence and the systemic racism behind it deserve at least  that same bipartisan effort.   More recently, there was the CARES Act. Democrats and Republicans  worked day and night to come together in agreement on the most  effective way to meet the needs of Americans during an unprecedented  health and economic crisis--which, by the way, we need to do again  because we are not done.   Police violence and the systemic racism behind it deserve at least  that kind of effort. This is a huge crisis that pulls at the very soul  of America. This issue certainly deserves the best of all of us right  now, the best of what we can do.   Systemic racism and related police violence certainly deserve, at  minimum, the same kind of bipartisan effort we have focused on other  issues that have not had the life-and-death consequences of this issue.   The people who are marching and who are crying out for justice  deserve a serious response at a serious moment. Leader McConnell needs  to take this issue seriously and support a bipartisan process, instead  of just moving to a weak, flawed, Republican bill just to pretend that  he tried to do something.   The House of Representatives are serious. They are passing a bill  this week and sending it over to us. It is a serious bill. I am proud  to be a cosponsor of the Senate version with our leaders Senator Booker  and Senator Harris. They are serious about passing the Justice in  Policing Act.   Senate Democrats are serious. Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans  must be serious too. This is the moment. This is the moment for us to  be serious together and address this in a big, profound, systemic way.   Eric, Michael, Freddie, Breonna, George, Rayshard, and all of those  who are no longer with us, as well as all of those marching, marching,  marching and speaking out deserve nothing less than our best at this  moment. They deserve a serious bipartisan effort. That is what I  support. That is what my Democratic colleagues support.   We know it takes sitting down and listening to each other. It takes  working out differences. That is the only way change happens. We are  willing to put in whatever time and effort it takes to make this  happen, and that is what we are going to continue to fight for.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   