 Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and  Transportation be discharged from further consideration of S. 593 and  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous  consent that the Murkowski amendment at the desk be agreed to; the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, we talked a lot about the pandemic  and all that it has brought. I would like to take just a few moments  here, at the outset, before I ask for full consideration, to share with  colleagues, very briefly, what we have faced in the State of Alaska  with regard to our State's economy. We have probably taken a greater  hit than any State in the country.   We saw a 32-percent drop in revenue last year, 10 percent higher than  any other State in the Nation. We are starting to see a light at the  end of the tunnel, and that is good, but we are also facing the  prospect of another devastating tourist season.   Back home, right now, people are not talking about the season for  2021 coming up. The motto is ``Get through to `22.'' That is an awful  way to be approaching our situation so they have asked for help. They  realize that anything that we can do to try to salvage even a few weeks  of the tourist season is going to be important to us.   So Senator Sullivan and I have been working on behalf of hundreds of  small businesses that rely on this essential income just so they can  scrape by for another year. A lot of people don't think about cruise  ships as being an essential activity during a pandemic but, let me tell  you, in our State, where so much of our economy is based on tourism, it  is an imperative. It is jobs; it is livelihoods; and it really is what  allows our small communities to keep their doors open.   In 2019, before the pandemic was upon us, we were looking at 1.33  million tourists who came to the State of Alaska by way of cruise ship.  That is pretty significant. In 2020, there were 48 passengers. That is  48 passengers. That is not 48,000. So, in other words, you had an  economy that was looking pretty strong and pretty good, and it  absolutely went into a free fall.   Normally, the tourism industry generates more than $214 million in  State and municipal revenue, more than $1.4 billion in payroll, $2.2  billion in visitor spending, and the prospect was doing nothing but  going up until we were hit in 2020. The vastly diminished cruise season  contributed to statewide unemployment rising from 6.2 percent to 11  percent. Southeast Alaska had greater unemployment, which increased  from 4.7 to 11.3--17 percent of all jobs in the region impacted.   This kind of unemployment and this kind of stress is an extraordinary  challenge. So Alaskans are trying to figure out is there a way to  salvage there, and there are two points here.   We are ready to welcome visitors back in the State. We are leading  the country in vaccination rates. Half of  [[Page S2344]]  all Alaskans have had their first dose. So 43 percent are fully  vaccinated, but we have got two issues that we are facing here; first  is, the Centers for Disease Control has their no sail order for the  cruise industry in place. We actually got some very encouraging news  just last evening. CDC has acknowledged these changing circumstances  with regard to vaccination. They updated their guidance for how to  safely resume cruising, so that is good. That is a positive.   But we have got a second issue, and that second issue is that Canada  has a ban on allowing passenger vessels to depart from or transit  through their waters. We are dealing with a law that is controlling so  much of this because, in the United States, we only allow domestically  built, owned, and crewed vessels to operate on solely domestic trips.  This is the Passenger Vessel Services Act, the PVSA.   So we have got a situation that without a stop in Canada, a cruise to  Alaska is a domestic ship. Canada has effectively been available to  cruise companies that offer voyages to Alaska--not built in the United  States, not crewed by U.S. citizens, not permitted to sail in Alaska  without making a stop in a foreign country because otherwise this  violates the PVSA. So what we are trying to do, we are trying to work  with the Canadians to resolve this issue. It has been tough making  headway because Canada is in a different spot when it comes to their  vaccines.   We have turned to a legislative fix, a temporary legislative fix.  There are a lot of different opinions on PVSA and the Jones Act. I am  not here to debate them today, but what I am trying to offer, along  with Senator Sullivan, is a temporary fix that will allow the cruise  ships to travel between Washington State and Alaska because what we are  trying to do here--I am not trying to save the cruise companies; I am  trying to save communities that are so dependent on these vessels that  bring these passengers up.    For them, it is critical. If we can't get some level of relief, and  we can't get folks north, they are not going to--they have been on hold  now since last year. So 14 months until we get into 2022, on top of  what we have already seen, these businesses won't be there.   What we are doing is we temporarily deemed that a voyage to Alaska  from Washington State without a stop in Canada is, by law, a foreign  voyage. So PVSA is not going to hold us back. I have worked with  Senator Cantwell, and I have worked with Senator Blumenthal to address  some of the issues that they have raised, and I thank them both for  their efforts to work with me.   We have incorporated, in this amendment, three simple requirements-- two of which the industry already adheres to--requiring defibrillators  on ships, making sure that the passengers' bill of rights is publicly  available, and we asked the Secretary to consider a rulemaking on how  to safely return human remains in the tragic event that someone passes  away on a cruise. These are simple, commonsense changes that ensure  cruises are safe for passengers and the crew.   Along with Senator Sullivan and Congressman Young, I would ask the  Senate to consider and pass the Alaska Tourism Recovery Act so that  cruises can gain some semblance--some semblance--of opportunity in  Alaska, as they have for so long.   So, again, I will restate my motion here asking unanimous consent  that Murkowski amendment No. 593 be called up and agreed to.    Madam President, to just wrap up this discussion, I  really appreciate the comments from my colleague Senator Sullivan  because I think you have really keyed in on where we are today.   The Alaska Tourism Restoration Act is such a narrowly defined in  scope initiative to, again, create this very brief period of time to  allow for what is left or what will remain of a tourist season to  proceed. But we are faced with bigger issues, and these issues clearly  evoke great passion and debate, whether it is consumer protection or to  Senator Lee's concerns that he has raised overall about Jones Act and  PVSA.   So those are significant issues that will be debated in committees as  we move forward and further debated on the floor. But I think, at this  point in time, the recognition from our colleagues from Connecticut and  from Utah that this effort that we are trying to make in Alaska to  redeem a small segment of our tourist season--those who come to us by  cruise ship--that just perhaps the strength of cooperation you see here  today will be that level of encouragement for the ships to start coming  north in anticipation of clearer and more beneficial guidance, working  with CDC.   It has been a lot of pieces to knit together. It hasn't been  particularly easy or pretty, but I would like to think that the folks  in southeastern Alaska and throughout the State will see the benefits  of this in the weeks and months ahead.   With that, Madam President, I yield the floor.   