 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  6, the DREAM and PROMISE Act of 2021. This timely legislation would  finally provide a solution to the millions of immigrants who have faced  uncertainty on their legal status for too long as a result of this  country's broken immigration system.   When I was young and our family had the opportunity to travel to go  see family or to see the country, I did not have a say in where we went  or how long we stayed there. I was a child. Simply put, this was not my  decision. Similarly, the children of undocumented immigrants who were  brought to our country did not have a say on where their parents were  bringing them, or how long they would be staying here. They were  innocent children.   And while we've debated for over two decades on meaningful  immigration reform, these individuals have had the opportunity to grow  up with our children and families, attend the same schools and  universities, have families of their own, and make immeasurable  contributions to our communities. DREAMERs have been able to live the  American Dream in every way but one--on paper.   The legislation that we are debating today not only provides a  pathway to legalization and citizenship for these individuals but also  to those who fled political unrest and natural disasters in their home  countries. Currently protected under TPS (Temporary Protected Status),  these individuals face the same uncertainty about their futures as  DREAMERs. And like DREAMERs, they too have been in our country for  decades and play a critical role in the success of our communities.   DREAM and PROMISE Act of 2021 is widely popular--supported by a  majority of Americans--and, notably, bipartisan. It is backed by  business leaders, labor unions, and educators alike. Some of its  advocates are my constituents, who have told their stories and inspired  me with their commitment and unwavering dedication to their work, their  families, our community in North Texas, and to the country they call  home, the United States of America.   Madam Speaker, I strongly believe that we must act now and pass  legislation to offer a common-sense and logical solution to our broader  immigration issues. The DREAM and PROMISE Act would take a meaningful  step towards that goal and would lay out a path in which we could do  that, which is why I urge my colleagues to support it and look forward  to the Senate's immediate consideration.   