 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I  join my colleagues today in calling for Congress to pass President  Biden's entire Build Back Better agenda. This is a plan that takes on  the climate crisis and fights for environmental justice at a time when  we have seen record heat waves, wildfires, and drought in California  and across the country. It invests in things like the climate smart  ports to invest in zero emissions technology that will reduce toxic air  pollution in neighborhoods near our ports, like the communities of  color that surround the Port of Los Angeles in my Congressional  District.   The Build Back Better agenda we know will also invest in things like  the construction of more than 2 million affordable homes to address the  rising housing costs that have hit Los Angeles so hard and across the  country, with more than 41,000 suffering from homelessness.    It is going to do things like lowering health insurance cost; invest  in higher education to lower tuition for students at minority-serving  institutions. It is going to cut taxes for families with children by  extending the child tax credit and cutting poverty. How do we not  invest in that? But today I want to focus more on climate because this  is a crisis, and this is a threat that is happening as we speak. It is  urgent.   It is urgent that we act boldly to respond to the threat of climate  change and the climate investments in the Build Back Better Act which  are critical to maintain, not cut. For example, there are two  investments in the bill I have led on that are important for climate  and environmental justice, climate smart ports. This includes a  critical $3.5 billion investment to reduce air pollution at ports by  providing grants and rebates for the purchase and installation of zero  emissions technology.   Nearly 40 percent of Americans live within 3 miles of a port and will  benefit from these investments in clean air. In my district, the Port  of Los Angeles is a major economic engine but it is also a major source  of pollution. We have some of the worst air quality in the country and  it disproportionately impacts communities of color in South Los  Angeles. For decades, my constituents have advocated for zero emission  solutions. This $3.5 billion ports investment in the Build Back Better  Act will deliver. It is a long-overdue investment in environmental  justice, in climate action, in jobs.   So I want to urge us to fight to keep these long-overdue investments  in clean air for our port communities. Environmental justice and  climate justice grants, that is also in the Build Back Better agenda.  There is a $5 billion investment in environmental and climate justice  grants, by far the largest-ever amount that we have invested in this.   Now, with this investment, we will empower environmental justice  communities to lead projects that reduce pollution and bring climate  justice solutions to communities hit first and worst by the climate  crisis. This will mean climate-resilient solutions such as clean energy  microgrids to keep the power on during extreme weather events like heat  waves and hurricanes.   It means the community solar projects that create local jobs and save  money on electricity bills, like the recent solar project in my  district at the Wilmington Senior Center. It means green infrastructure  to prevent flooding and to protect communities from extreme heat. These  long overdue investments will give environmental justice communities  the resources to fight for a safe climate and clean environment.   Of course, there are other investments, such as in-home care that  will help provide care for our older Americans and those with  disabilities so they could stay in their homes and get the care that  they need. It will provide for things like paid family and medical  leave. Imagine you are a nurse at a hospital and you help deliver  babies and all of a sudden you get cancer and you have no paid leave.   How are you to go home and fight cancer, so that you can focus on  that cancer fight instead of worrying about how you are going to pay  the bills. That very thing happened to my sister just last November.  She delivers babies at a military hospital, a Federal worker. You would  think these are people we take care of, but this is happening across  the country day in and day out. People have to go ask their colleagues  and their coworkers to donate their leave and their time, and that is  wrong.   We need to invest in these and we have to fight to keep these  priorities in the Build Back Better agenda. And it is time that these  investments should be paid for by ensuring the wealthy and the  corporations finally pay their fair share of taxes. Now is the time to  make these once-in-a-generation investments in problems that have long  been neglected. Now is the time to stand strong and deliver the  promises we made to the American people.   Let's stand up for the people and the planet. Let's meet the moment  and pass the entire Build Back Better agenda.   I want to thank the gentlewoman for leading this effort and thank the  Progressive Caucus for being at the forefront of making sure that we  are fighting for the people.   