 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, first, I want to thank Speaker Pelosi and  Leader Hoyer for their leadership in bringing this important bill to  the floor.   I would also like to thank Chairman Pallone for working with me on  this amendment and Chairpersons DeFazio, Waters, Scott, and others for  their leadership; and my colleagues, Representatives Dan Kildee,  Slotkin, Cicilline, and Moore for their cosponsorship of this  amendment.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment because  everyone deserves clean water, because water is a human right. I rise  today because, in the richest country in the world, no family or child  should live with poisoned water.   My amendment authorizes $4.5 billion annually, totaling $22.5 billion  over the next 5 years, to replace dangerous lead water pipes throughout  our Nation. This amendment also prioritizes lead pipe replacement  projects serving disadvantaged communities, communities of color, low- income communities, and environmental justice communities like mine in  Michigan's 13th Congressional District.   Our residents in Michigan, surrounded by the largest bodies of  freshwater in the world, should not be forced to live off bottled water  sold by corporations like Nestle, who make billions while paying almost  nothing to bottle our water and harm our ecosystem.   Contaminated water has been a fact of life for too many communities,  especially Black and Brown communities like Detroit, Flint, Baltimore,  Chicago, and more. My amendment will require that lead service lines  must be fully replaced and removed. No partial lead service line  replacements would be funded.   Our residents deserve so much more than half measures. We owe them  their human right to drink clean water. This amendment, Madam Speaker,  would change lives for over 9 million homes across the country  currently at risk of facing the harms of lead exposure.   The time for environmental justice is now, and this amendment is a  crucial step toward finally achieving that.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  amendment. I urge them to tell every single individual, family, child,  and community in this country that they have a right to clean, safe  water.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee), my good colleague and fellow  activist on the human right to water.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to really understand  the human impact of not having clean water around our country. This  would help 11,000 communities across our Nation.   I urge my colleagues to support this and vote ``yes,'' and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   