 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of  H.R. 7120, the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.   I thank my colleague from Los Angeles, the Chairwoman of the  Congressional Black Caucus, Karen Bass, for her tireless work and  leadership on this bill.   The murders of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor were a devastating  tragedy. My heart breaks for their families and all the families who  have lost loved ones as a result of abuse of power at the hands of law  enforcement.   We expect members of law enforcement to protect us and help keep our  communities safe. When we lose people like George and Breoanna in  senseless and bizarre acts of violence, that trust understandably  disappears.   Rightfully horrified and angered against displays of police  brutality, Americans across the country, of all racial and ethnic  backgrounds, are marching in the streets to declare the fundamental  truth that Black Lives Matter, and to demand justice for all the lives  lost at the hands of police brutality.   The George Floyd Justice in Policing Act is a bold bill that will  help address racial injustice and police brutality, head on, for all  Americans.   Also important is that it will help rebuild the trust between the  majority of good, decent law enforcement officers and the communities  they have sworn to protect and to serve.   The George Floyd Justice in Policing Act will help to save lives.  [[Page H2490]]    It will ban chokeholds, like the one used to murder George Floyd as  he cried out for his mother.   It bans no-knock warrants, like the one used by Louisville police  officers which resulted in the shooting death of Breonna Taylor while  she was sleeping in her home.   This bill will bring transparency to law enforcement practices by  mandating the use of body cameras and holding officers who abuse their  power accountable.   Furthermore, this bill ends qualified immunity, a legal protection  that makes it nearly impossible for victims of police brutality to hold  their abusers liable.   This bill also reduces the ability of corrupt police officers to work  in new jurisdictions by creating a national database on police  misconduct.   In response to the militarization of our police force, this bill will  also stop the transfer of military weapons to law enforcement agencies  in our communities. Weapons of war have no place on our streets.   And finally, H.R. 7120 closes the law enforcement consent loophole,  making it a crime for law enforcement to engage in any sexual activity  with individuals in their custody.   This bill is not the end-all solution. It will not end the root  causes of systemic racism and police brutality. Nor will it address the  systems of oppression that have affected communities of color for  centuries.   Creating an equal, just, and inclusive America is critical work we  all still have ahead of us.   The George Floyd Justice in Policing Act is a positive step in the  right direction. And it is firm declaration by Congress that Black  lives matter.   I look forward to working with Representative Bass and my colleagues  to continue to combat racial injustice throughout our nation.   I urge my colleagues to support this vital bill.   