 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.  [[Page H3337]]     Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1\1/2\ minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment, which would add  the text of the Protecting America's Wilderness Act to this year's  NDAA.   The purpose behind this amendment is simple. It is to protect more of  America's public lands and to ensure that our Nation's most elite  military pilots have the opportunity to train for some of the harshest  environments on the planet.   This legislation, which has already passed in the House earlier this  year, would permanently protect more than 1.3 million acres of public  land across Colorado, California, and Washington. It includes  Representative Huffman's language to protect lands in northwest  California; Representative Carbajal, to protect lands in central  California; and Representative Chu, to expand the San Gabriel Mountains  National Monument. It includes legislation by Representative Schiff to  protect lands by the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area  and legislation by Representative Kilmer to protect lands in Washington  State's Olympic Peninsula.   Finally, it includes legislation that I have worked on for over 20  years to protect more than 600,000 acres in Colorado and to ensure that  key military areas, like the High Altitude Aviation Training Site, or  HAATS, is able to continue its mission unencumbered.   The designations in this amendment are the product of decades of work  and have garnered widespread support across the West. They are designed  to help protect these lands from the threat of future development,  provide a boost to our States' economies, and ensure our military has  the space it needs to train.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ``yes'' on the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Huffman), a key sponsor of this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Schiff), another key sponsor of this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Judy Chu), another key sponsor of this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Let me just set the record straight. These types of bills have been  included in the NDAA for generations by Republicans and Democrats. In  this case, it is particularly urgent because, as I said, and you even  heard my colleagues on the other side say, HAATS is included. This  clarifies HAATS laws, and it makes clear that they can be used.   There is one group of people that is the most important to decide  about wilderness, and that is the public. Two-thirds of the people on  the western slope of Colorado want more wilderness. These areas are all  wilderness study areas now. Let's keep them for future generations.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   