 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  resolution offering articles of impeachment against President Donald J.  Trump. Our country and our Capitol have suffered a devastating attack  in the past week, and the President's role in inciting the violence we  experienced has left us no choice but to impeach him.   President Trump, through his words and actions, encouraged and  incited the insurrection that occurred on January 6, 2021, when  Congress was gathered to certify the results of the 2020 Presidential  election. In the days and weeks preceding the deadly attack, President  Trump made statements, both on social media and directly to his  supporters, repeating false claims that he had won the election and  urging supporters to come to Washington, D.C. and ``fight like hell.''  The morning of January 6, he led a rally and sent his supporters to the  Capitol with the goal of stopping the certification of the Electoral  College, thwarting the will of millions of Americans who voted for Joe  Biden, and overturning the 2020 Presidential election. The events that  unfolded that afternoon were dangerous, terrifying, unprecedented, and  un-American. Armed domestic terrorists stormed the Capitol, leading to  several deaths, countless injuries, untold property damage, and a  democracy in crisis. Pipe bombs and zip ties were found on and around  the Capitol grounds. Videos show Capitol Police officers being beaten  by White supremacists. Elected officials in the line of presidential  succession, including the Vice President and the Speaker of the House,  were essentially hunted by terrorists and forced into hiding. The  President did not quell the mob; nor did he offer any empathy  whatsoever to his own Vice President or to the hundreds of Senators,  Representatives, and staff who were at the Capitol and traumatized. In  the following days, Donald Trump failed to take responsibility for the  direct attack on the country he is responsible for leading and  protecting and continued to incite insurrection by continuing to  perpetuate the lie that he won the election.   We are now forced to reckon with the grave reality that the President  of the United States directly incited an attack on our government and  country, and he must be held accountable. He is wholly unfit for office  and must never be able to serve in government again. I commend my  colleagues, Representatives Cicilline, Lieu, and Raskin, for drafting  this resolution of impeachment. For the sake of democracy, the Senate  must now follow our lead, rise to the occasion, and swiftly convict the  President of the high crimes and misdemeanors he has committed.   