 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues today--the  Senator from Mississippi, the Senator from Kansas, and so forth--for  coming down and spending just a little bit of time talking about the  wonderful heroes we have in our home States, and we really do have so,  so many of them.   While the country is anxiously awaiting Washington to come together  and pass an updated COVID relief package, we are truly blessed to have  everyday heroes back in our 50 States who are working around the clock  to help out their neighbors.   Essential workers haven't taken a break. They have been keeping our  country running--and not just during this global pandemic but every  single day. I have heard, time and again, stories of Iowans helping  Iowans. Folks are volunteering their time and their talents to serve  their communities and ensure no one feels alone during this time of  social distancing.   When my friend Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds announced that there was a  shortage of face masks to protect frontline workers, Iowans, including  my own mother, started sewing.   Deb Siggins of Lisbon, IA, has made more than 400 masks that she has  donated to a local hospital, her friends, and coworkers, the local fire  department, grocery store employees, and elderly patients. She has even  turned a tree near her home into a ``giving tree'' decorated with her  homemade masks for people to take, which she is constantly updating.  Deb plans to keep making the masks until they are no longer needed  because she believes that sewing is her gift from God, which she can  use to help others.   Mary Shotwell of Des Moines wanted to give back to those helping her  during this pandemic. In ``i-sew-lation,'' as she describes it, Mary  sewed masks for her entire neighborhood and healthcare workers at  Broadlawns Medical Center.   In addition to the demand for masks, there has also been an increased  need for food, especially to feed our hungry kiddos. Linn-Mar teacher  Carla Ironside, who hasn't seen her students in the classroom since  March, now sees some of them when they pick up meals at Feeding Lunches  to Youth in Marion and Cedar Rapids, where she volunteers. Carla says  the opportunity to serve these meals helps calm her anxious mind,  knowing her students are fed. She said: ``I get to see their smiles . .  . and it helps me, and I think it helps them.''   But it is not just our wonderful teachers; students are doing their  part too. Allie Stutting of Princeton, IA, who is a University of Iowa  student, launched an effort to mobilize her peers to serve and protect  those at heightened risk. Worried about the threat COVID posed to her  grandparents and the elderly, Allie set up a network of young people  called the Iowa City Errand-ers to get groceries and food, pick up  prescriptions, and run other errands for older folks and others in  need. Allie's idea has inspired an army of over 400 volunteers--yes,  400 volunteers, folks.   The story of these everyday heroes continues. To keep those who are  venturing out safe, ambassadors from Operation Downtown are walking  around Des Moines, cleaning and sanitizing handrailings, door handles,  parking meters, and other high-touch surfaces.   Julie Skalberg, an Operation Downtown ambassador, explains that it is  an effort to help folks feel secure during what can be a very scary  time.   Despite the potential risk, Cynthia Allen--another Operation Downtown  ambassador--says she feels that it is an honor to give back to our  community.   Folks, the actions of these and many, many others like them who are  pitching in and doing their part are examples of what I like to call  ``Iowa Nice.'' For each of them, serving others is not a chore but,  rather, a gift greeted with gratitude.   At a time filled with immeasurable uncertainty, these heartland  heroes are bringing comfort to their communities, including complete  strangers, many who are isolated and alone.   Defeating this virus will require the development of an effective  vaccine, and Iowa is helping to lead the way in this effort. Right now,  the hard-working folks at the University of Iowa's Medical School are  working with Pfizer to develop a COVID-19 vaccine. In the annual  Defense bill that recently passed the Senate, I helped increase funding  for these types of studies and developments.   The efforts of our bright young Iowa college students, combined with  the work of Operation Warp Speed and the administration, provide great  hope for the future development of cures, treatments, and vaccines.  Now, as we wait for the results, let's not forget the hope that the  stories of our everyday COVID heroes bring. It is the Iowa way:  stepping up and doing your part--meeting the needs of family, friends,  and even strangers.   Folks, I have said it before, and I will say it yet once again here  today: We will get through these challenging times, and we will do it  together.   I yield the floor.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   