 Madam Speaker, I stand today in support  of the Child Care for Economic Recovery Act.   As families juggle working from home and childcare, this pandemic has  made it clear just how vital childcare is to our economy. If we want to  prioritize economic growth and improve outcomes moving forward, we will  have to make investments that improve quality and access today.    Even before the COVID-19 crisis, many families of color were not able  to access childcare. In fact, only 3 percent of federally eligible  Asian children, 6 percent Latinx children, and 15 percent of Black  children were able to access childcare based on Federal eligibility.   This bill helps by adding billions of dollars to our childcare  infrastructure. It also makes the child and dependent care tax credit  refundable so families could receive a childcare credit of up to  $6,000.   Finally, the bill ensures that essential workers have access to safe  care for their children while they are providing invaluable services to  our communities.   Without investments in childcare, our economy cannot recover.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to remember  my friend and colleague, John Lewis.   To say John Lewis was a civil rights icon barely captures his legacy  because  [[Page H3972]]  he was so much more than that. He was a living piece of the civil  rights movement, a connection to historic injustice, and a reminder of  our power to remedy it.   John didn't just talk about voting rights, he nearly died defending  the right to vote. And because of him and his determination to do what  was right, to stand up to injustice whenever he saw it, and to cause a  little ``good trouble'' whenever it was needed, our country is a more  just and equitable one.   It was one of the greatest privileges of my life that I was not only  able to serve alongside John on the Ways and Means Committee, but I was  able to march alongside him as well. In Alabama, he led many of us on  the annual pilgrimage of Selma across that Edmund Pettus Bridge.   But throughout his life, he gave voice to the voiceless, fought to  empower the powerless, and stood up for those who could not.   I will never forget that June day here in Washington, D.C., after 49  people were shot dead in Florida in yet another senseless mass  shooting. John said, ``Enough is enough.'' He came to the House floor,  right there, in fact, and sat down. We joined him for 26 straight hours  while the Nation tuned in, transfixed.   When the President was keeping immigrant children in cages, John led  us on a march to the CBP offices to demand these children be released.  It was so hot and humid that many of us felt like fainting, but I  looked over at John, and there he was still standing strong and  marching. I thought to myself: His strength is the result of decades of  civil disobedience.   This past week, we passed the historic NO BAN Act to stop the  senseless travel ban against Muslims. And it was John who, 3 years ago,  went to the Atlanta airport when the ban was first announced to demand  answers and release. And when he was essentially ignored by Customs and  Border Protection, he started a sit-in right that moment at the  airport.   John was always a moral voice urging us to think of others and to do  all that we can to improve their lives. Even in the face of the worst,  John never stopped believing in our capacity for the best. I will miss  him and his guidance. John may be gone, but we will keep marching.   