 Madam Speaker, I rise because I am concerned about the  release of aliens into my community without COVID-19 testing.   Dr. Miller-Meeks' changes to this legislation are vital to protecting  Americans from the spread of COVID-19.   As our Nation continues to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic, our State  is still largely locked down, our schools are shuttered, and many of  our businesses have been closed due to orders from State and local  officials.   In many areas along the border, the CBP has restarted catch and  release in the midst of this unprecedented pandemic. This is completely  illogical, especially while American citizens continue to live under  such restrictions. In fact, again, I can point to a double standard.   Madam Speaker, it is very unfair to think that we want to do  something to protect these young families, these unaccompanied  children, when we know for a fact that they are coming across the  border at the age 1, 3, and 5 alone, without any supervision. We know  for a fact that they are being raped and pillaged along the way. And if  we feel that is somehow a benefit to the children, let alone being  exposed in coming into this Nation with COVID, then we are fooling not  only ourselves, but, again, the American people. We aren't just putting  the immigrants in harm's way, but also the American people.   Madam Speaker, we should be more mindful of what is happening. This  is a health pandemic we are living in. This is a crisis. We have  suicide rates that we have never seen before amongst students. Our  businesses are shut down. We must do something to protect the American  people first.   We also must protect the migrants. But allowing our borders to be  porous without the COVID testing is, again, a mistake, not only for the  Nation, but for the migrants trying to come here. It is dangerous for  both Americans and migrants.   We deserve better than that in America. Our Americans deserve better  than that. And we must support Dr. Miller-Meeks' bill and insist that  there is COVID testing before migrants are released into America.   