 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk made in  order by the rule.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment to this bill is very simple. It would  ensure that this important legislation does not place undue burden on  small businesses.   In so many areas throughout my district, our Main Street businesses  are just now finally getting back on their feet. They have faced  unprecedented challenges during this past pandemic year. In fact, one  small business owner in Auburn almost didn't apply for any Federal  financial assistance because she was so overwhelmed by the potential  paperwork.   Even before the pandemic, small businesses were bogged down with  paperwork and administrative burdens, things that can be easily handled  by a large corporation but that really are too much of a burden and can  put a Main Street shop out of business.   When we implement this legislation, we should also understand what  effect it will have on small businesses and make it as easy as possible  for them to disclose this important information.   That is why my amendment requires the Sustainable Finance Advisory  Commission to study issues small businesses may face when complying  with requirements of this bill and order recommendations to ease  regulatory burdens for these businesses.   As we move forward in creating transparency for large corporations,  it is important that we do so without creating burdens that could  really hamper the recovery of small businesses.   This is a commonsense amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support  its adoption.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his commendation  on the amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Waters), the chairwoman of the House Committee on Financial  Services.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment that is a commonsense amendment to support our local small  businesses.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   