 Mr. Speaker, we are here today to talk about our  Dreamers, the precious resource we have in our country. But, of course,  unfortunately, what we are hearing is as much fear-mongering as  possible from our Republican colleagues about immigrants.   My name was mentioned, and the minority leader chose to come into my  safe and secure community earlier this week to use my community as a  prop, so I need to respond.   In 2019, Mr. Speaker, I led codels to El Paso and brought nearly 20  percent of Congress to my community. I invited everyone. I stood in the  well and invited Republicans, Democrats, everyone. Only Democrats took  me up on my offer to see the entire picture. Not just law enforcement,  but to meet with advocates, attorneys, everyone who makes up the system  of immigration on the border. Not a single Republican attended.   Last session, we, as a Congress, passed a number of bills, including  supplemental bills, to address what was happening on the border and to  address immigration. No Republicans supported our effort.   Last week, when I learned the minority leader was coming into my  community, I sent him a letter, invited him to meet with everyone who  was available to help give him the full picture. He refused.   Their strategy is the same strategy they have employed with COVID: Do  nothing.   We will finally address this. I rise to support our Dreamers and H.R.  6.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Dreamers across the  country. These are young people who have lived in the United States for  the majority of their lives; they already call the United States home  and are citizens in all but name.   The Dream and Promise Act creates a path to citizenship for those who  were brought to the United States as children. They're people who have  lived their entire lives as members of our communities and just want  the opportunity to become citizens of the country where they grew up,  go to school, and work. Which makes our communities safer and stronger.   This bill provides strict guidance for earning citizenship and  recipients are required to meet the standards and specifications of the  program in order to maintain their status.   When a parent makes the harrowing decision to take their child and  leave their home behind, it's so that their child might have a better  life. Like a lot of our grandparents and great-grandparents, they're  coming to the United States for the opportunity to live the American  Dream.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.    I will be very clear, Madam Speaker. Farmworkers do back-breaking  work under the scorching sun or unbearable cold to make sure that all  of us have food on our table. Whether they are sick, feeling well,  whether they have family members who are not feeling well, they go to  work to make sure we have what we need, even, and almost especially,  during the era of COVID.   It is incredible that anyone would stand in the way of having these  incredible people finally have a pathway to legalization.   The Farm Workforce Modernization Act is a piece of legislation that  is long overdue. I have one thing to say to those who would oppose  legislation for this population, even though they benefit from the  labor of this population: ``they don't have shame,'' ``no tienen  verguenza.''   