 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly support H. Res. 410.  The purpose of this resolution is to encourage reunions of divided  Korean-American families.   Last year, I had the opportunity to meet Kyung Joo Lee, a 90-year-old  Korean-American man from Virginia. Mr. Lee has not seen his three older  brothers and sisters since he fled North Korea more than 70 years ago,  but he prays for them daily. He has no idea if they are even still  alive. Tears streamed down his face during that meeting as he held my  hands and urged me to do what I can to help Korean families to be  reunited.   This resolution originated at a townhall meeting where a group of  constituents called this issue to my attention. As I learned more about  these aging Korean Americans who just want to be able to see their  siblings and parents, I knew that we had to do all that we could do to  raise this issue.   The division of the Korean Peninsula into South Korea and North Korea  separated thousands of Koreans from family members. Many Korean  Americans have not seen or communicated with family members in more  than 60 years. Their children have grown up here in America without  knowing what their cousins, aunts, or uncles even look like.   Over the years, South Korea and North Korea have arranged for  selected groups to visit each other, but these reunions have been  dependent on the political situation between the countries. Since 2000,  there have been at least 20 rounds of family reunions, but none have  included Korean Americans.   Meanwhile, the situation is now growing more urgent as many who have  been separated are getting older. Most are in their late eighties or  nineties. That is why I introduced this resolution that calls on the  United States and North Korea to begin the process of reuniting Korean- American divided family members with their immediate relatives.   Today, I am proud to stand with my colleagues in getting one step  closer to reunifying Mr. Lee and so many others with their families.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this resolution that calls on  the  [[Page H1546]]  United States and North Korea to pursue reunions as a humanitarian  priority of immediate concern. I also urge them to support H.R. 1771,  the Divided Families Reunification Act, introduced by my colleague  Representative Grace Meng, that takes up the same issue.   