 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about a grave threat  that we face, a threat to the very idea of America.   By law, every 2 years, Americans cast their votes for Federal office  on a Tuesday in early November. Like many Americans, I have always  treasured that day. I have gone to my polling place, and I have cast my  vote. When I have left, usually from a townhall or a school, I have  done so with the confidence that the votes would be counted, a winner  declared, and my town, my State, and my country would move forward,  accepting the results not because of which candidates won but because  of our confidence that the election system was run impartially by  people who believe in our democracy and believe that democracy is about  free, fair, and impartially administered elections.   This great democracy of ours depends on the existence of a free and  fair casting and telling of the votes and the public's acceptance of  that result. That is the prerequisite for a functioning democracy, and  every other piece of our society, from our economy to our national  security, depends on it.   Without free, fair, and impartially administered elections, the  United States of America as we know it would not exist. Yet, right now,  our beloved democracy is under attack.   In States around the country, partisan lawmakers are proposing to  ignore properly cast votes, essentially trying to throw out the votes  and silence the voices of those with whom they disagree. These  partisans are more concerned about losing power than protecting the  rights of citizens and preserving the foundation of our country.   Here in Washington, a set of arcane Senate rules are being used as an  excuse not to act. This cannot stand. We must change the rules to allow  a simple majority of this body, as our Founders intended, to pass laws  that will protect the right to vote and protect American democracy.   In States across the country, partisan politicians are calling into  question the sacred American right to free, fair, and impartially  administered elections. These politicians are trying to reject the will  of the people, trying to interfere with elections and, yes, overturn  results. This is not an idle threat; it is happening right now.   As the Presiding Officer well knows, earlier this year in Georgia, a  new law enabled the legislature to seize control of the State election  board, allowing elected legislators to install a partisan majority  beholden to that legislature, with the ability to suspend and replace  local election officials.   In Arizona, legislators have proposed a bill that would enable the  State legislature to override an election certification with a simple  majority vote.   These efforts threaten the integrity of our election system. That, in  turn, threatens our peace, stability, and certainty--the very rule of  law that makes individual liberty, a vibrant economy, and, yes, the  peaceful transfer of power possible.   There is no single aspect of American life that isn't related to  free, fair, and impartially administered elections. We have public  schools, safe neighborhoods, access to healthcare, support for small  businesses, and access to the great outdoors all because ordinary  Americans can make their voices heard and hold their government--a  government of, by, and for the people--accountable.   In America, as imperfect as we are, everybody has the opportunity to  succeed because everyone has the opportunity to vote. But that all  changes when our election system is corrupted by politicians who are  more interested in clinging to power than being responsive to the  people whom they were elected to represent.   When those in power work to create a partisan electoral system where  the focus is not on ensuring that every vote is counted but is instead  on ensuring a predetermined outcome, those in power become less and  less responsive to the will of the people. And as citizens become  disenfranchised and angry, those in power increasingly rely on  authoritarian methods to stay in power. That is the road that we risk  going down if this systematic undermining of our elections and our  democracy continues.    Authoritarian regimes like China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea would  like nothing more than to see our great American experiment fail, to  see Members of this Congress stand by while our democracy withers on  the vine. When Americans lose trust in our democracy, when the  integrity of our elections is thrown into doubt, neither Republicans  nor Democrats win; our enemies do.   But we in the Senate can stop this threat to our democracy by acting  to  [[Page S9250]]  protect the fundamental right to vote. The Constitution gives Congress  the power to oversee Federal elections. That means that Congress has  the authority to protect democracy and the right to vote, and we have a  constitutional and moral obligation to do so. That was part of the oath  I swore, to ``support and defend the Constitution'' and ``bear true  faith and allegiance to the same.''   Congress has a responsibility to act now to ensure that the right of  every American to vote is never taken away. We must pass legislation to  prevent partisan politicians from rejecting the will of the people and  overturning election results. Because that effort here in Congress is  being blocked by a minority, which is abusing its power, I believe the  time has come to change the Senate rules to allow a straight up-or-down  majority vote on this fundamental issue of democracy.   Our Founders understood that our democracy was a fragile thing that  we would always have to fight to protect. Across every generation,  Americans have signed up to serve not just to protect our physical  security but to protect our freedom.   American soldiers, like my father, fought in World War II. They saved  the world from Hitler, preserving freedom around the globe. My dad  fought in the Battle of the Bulge. When I was growing up and we were  having breakfast, Dad would sometimes look up at my brother, my sister,  and me, and he would say, ``So what are you going to do for freedom  today?'' Sounds like kind of a big question to ask a kid, but he was  serious because every single American has a responsibility to help  protect our democracy, including and perhaps especially U.S. Senators.   We must change the Senate rules to protect the right to vote because  if we don't, we face a very different kind of election day than the one  we have now. If the partisans who are attacking our democracy have  their way, our Tuesday election day in early November will be  different. We will wake up, cast our vote, drop our kids at school, and  go to work. We will tune back in at the end of the day to see the  election results, only to learn that the vote tally is being ignored,  that our votes don't matter much. We will learn that our legislatures  are going to throw out the results and pick their own winner. We will  see an election day that is a charade just like in countries where  democracy doesn't exist.   Our democracy is too important to allow a minority of this body to  let it slip away. We must pass legislation to protect American  democracy. Our country depends on it.   I yield the floor.   