 Mr. President, you can hear the passion not only in  my colleague Senator Rosen, with whom I am proud to stand side by side  to represent the great State of Nevada, but in all of the Senators on  the floor today in their talking about this particular issue.   At kitchen tables all over the country, including in Nevada, families  are sitting down and are pouring over their budgets. Too many of them  are trying to figure out how to stretch those budgets with no income,  and they are making difficult decisions on which bills need the most  urgent attention.   Our State and local and Tribal governments across this country are  doing  [[Page S4713]]  the same thing. With the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus  pandemic, State and local governments have less revenue at a time when  they need those resources to combat the virus and keep Nevadans safe.  That is why, when Congress passed the CARES Act in March, the Democrats  fought so hard for funding for State, local, and Tribal governments.   We wanted to make sure that State and local governments had enough  cash on hand to cover the urgent costs of the pandemic so that they  could keep services running and expand their responses during this  crisis. We needed to guarantee these governments could cover the costs  of emergency shelters for COVID patients. We had to make sure that  frontline responders had enough personal protective equipment on hand  for them to do their jobs. We also wanted local governments to help  people stay in their homes. We allocated $150 billion from the  coronavirus relief fund for State, local, and Tribal governments in  March. That was a compromise. We came together. We worked together to  solve that problem. I heard on the floor of the Senate today that there  is bipartisan support for this funding as well, but we all knew back in  March, when we passed the $150 billion as part of the CARES Act, that  it was not going to be enough.   We weren't sure, but now we know it is not enough, and we have to do  something about it.   We are seeing across the country how local governments and States are  dealing with this pandemic.   Senator Rosen just noted that in Nevada, we are in the middle of a  special session. The Governor had to call a special session of our  legislature because we have a budget hole of about $1.2 billion related  to COVID-19 pandemic and the impact it has had.   What is that impact? It is the impact we all have asked across this  country. Listen, we are in the middle of a health crisis. Until we have  that vaccine, we have to keep people safe. And the one thing that we  have asked them across the country, including in the State of Nevada,  in every county, is that if you shelter in place, if you go home, if  you shut your business and help us stem the spread of this virus, we  will take care of you. We will help you put food on the table. We will  help you pay your rent, make sure you have a roof over your head, pay  your utility bills. We will put money in your pockets.   Oh, and by the way, we will make sure that those small businesses  have access to liquidity so that when we can come outside and outdoors  again safely and securely, our economy will spring back that much  quicker.   Unfortunately, when we asked everyone across the country to follow  that advice and stay safe, we made a commitment to them as well--a  long-term commitment--that we would continue to work together in a  bipartisan way to solve this problem and make sure that people and  individuals had money in their pockets and that businesses had access  to liquidity so that we could get through this crisis together.   In Nevada--and we have seen this conversation happening across the  country--schools are opening in just a few short weeks, and many of the  leaders in my State at the State and local level are looking to  Washington for help.   Most States aren't allowed to borrow to meet these expenses, and I  know our esteemed majority leader has thought that bankruptcy is an  option for them, but I can tell you that for me and for Nevada, this is  not an option. It just cannot happen.   In the State of Nevada, like most States, they are required by law to  balance their budgets. Tribal councils, county commissions, and the  Nevada State Legislature are doing what families have been asked to  do--they are coming together to ask themselves how they can pay the  most urgent bills in that big stack of bills that are coming due right  now. They are working around the clock to get Nevadans the support they  need to deliver the services they expect--everything from fighting  wildfires that are happening right now in Nevada and across the West to  rethinking how we address and open our schools safely for our kids and  for our staff, for the teachers and the administrators. But those  repairs that are required for our roads and bridges--the work that  still needs to be done on a daily basis--have to continue. So  governments across this country are continuing to juggle those many  needs.   On top of all of that, we know we want them to all securely hold 2020  elections. We want to make sure that our families are connected to  school and work, that there is no homework gap, and that Medicaid  benefits to those in need are available. We need to keep EMTs on the  job and help businesses comply with safety regulations during the  middle of this pandemic. With all these demands, States haven't been  able to keep up with those essential bills.   I will tell you this: I have talked to, in my State, like many of us  do--we go home, or when we are here, we make sure that we are  communicating with so many people across our State.   In Nevada, we have beautifully diverse communities, and we have urban  and rural areas. I have talked to the leaders of all of our counties,  our city governments, and our Governor. Whether they are Republican or  Democratic or Independent, there is still one thing in common: They  want us to come together to find a solution to help and support them  during this time when there is no revenue coming in because our economy  has been ground to a halt as we address this health crisis.   They have all asked both me and Jacky Rosen, Senator Rosen: Please  continue to fight for us and make sure that the money not only is there  and available, because we need it to keep our constituents safe, but  make sure it is flexible. Make sure we have the opportunity not just to  work through the State, but that the money goes directly to some of our  local governments, who I have found--and I don't know, as you all go  home, but I have found that the money that we did give to them through  the CARES Act has been put to good use because--do you know why-- because local and State governments and Tribal governments know what  their communities need.   Why should we dictate to them if they want to use that money to help  people who need rental assistance at this point in time or if they want  to use that money to put food on people's tables because they are not  working? I mean, isn't that what this is about--all of us working  together to help our families across this country, to make sure we can  all stay safe but still pay those bills and still keep our families  safe and make sure our businesses are taken care of.   But I know this: At the end of the day, in the middle of a crisis,  our governments at the State, local, and Tribal government level are  the social safety nets. Where do you think our constituents go when  they need that help?   So I think and know that we have an obligation at the Federal level  to continue to work with our State and local governments and our Tribal  governments to provide them the necessary resources that are needed  right now in the middle of this pandemic because our economy has been  ground to a halt.   So I think it is time for our body to come together and do what the  American people expect of us, which is to work in a bipartisan way to  solve this problem and really look at how we can continue the funding  that is necessary for our State and local governments. Families not  only in Nevada but across this country expect that of us now.   So I would hope the majority leader would be willing to bring to the  floor whatever bill is appropriate to have this discussion. And I will  tell you, there are three out there right now. There is the Heroes Act,  there is the SMART Act, which has bipartisan support, and there is the  Coronavirus Community Relief Act. There are three bills. Let's bring  them to the floor. Let's have this discussion, with the focus on coming  together to get the funding to our State and local governments and our  Tribal communities that is needed right now.   I yield the floor   