 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the HEROES Act.   The administration's failed response to this crisis causes  heartbreak, financial stress, and lays bare the disparities in our  country.   Two Dine sisters didn't get treatment in time and died. Their sons  will live without their mothers.   A single mom in my district lost her job and couldn't get help  because of her status.   The HEROES Act meets this challenge at the level it demands. When I  vote today, I will think of all the families and all of the essential  workers, the people who stock our groceries and keep us fed.   Mr. Speaker, we must pass this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Heroes Act.   When I talk to families in New Mexico, they're sharing their  concerns, fears, and struggles. They're afraid of losing their homes,  struggling to buy food, and can't afford healthcare and medicine.   I've been there. I know what it's like to live paycheck to paycheck,  to care for a child on a limited income, and worry for an elderly  parent who is in a senior community right now.   The Trump Administration's failure to begin widespread testing has  caused heartbreak and economic stress for our families.   This pandemic has laid bare the disparities that already existed in  this country.   Two sisters on the Navajo Nation who dedicated their lives to helping  others contracted coronavirus, didn't get treatment in time, and died.  Their sons will now go through life without their mothers.   Gladys Pineda, a single mom in my district, lost her job in homecare.  She didn't qualify for assistance because of her immigration status-- this bill will fix that.   Heroes come in all forms--they're hospital workers keeping our  families healthy, grocery clerks stocking store shelves, teachers  teaching remotely, and families staying home to protect elders and  their communities.   The Heroes Act will provide economic stability so our communities can  begin the long road of recovery from this public health emergency.   The families worried about housing security and utility shutoffs will  have direct payments to help get through this tough time.   Children in the homework gap will benefit from an investment in  broadband internet connectivity.   Small businesses will have access to a stronger Payroll Protection  Program and emergency grants that will reach underserved communities  and nonprofits of all sizes.   We're investing in testing, tracing, and treatment to promote a safe  and responsible reopening.   Essential workers will get protection and hazard pay for the risks  they're taking and help for childcare and other dependent care.   We know that state, local and tribal governments are doing everything  they can, but they're stretched thin, which is why I worked so hard to  include flexible and retroactive funding in this bill.   It means firefighters stay on the job, police officers don't get  furloughed, and the services cities provide remain intact for our  families.   As this pandemic impacts our democracy, we're making sure every voter  has access to the ballot box and every person in this country is  counted in the Census.   We're keeping the Postal Service open so every vote counts,  medications get delivered, and rural businesses have support.   We're boosting funding for the Census and delaying the count so every  person has the opportunity to fill out their Census form.   I heard from a dad in my district whose son serves in the military.  He and his family were stuck in the middle of a move when the Defense  Department issued its stop movement order. Many military families had  to pay two sets of bills.   The Heroes Act includes provisions I fought for to allow these  servicemembers to cancel leases and contracts without penalty.   In my home state of New Mexico, Native Americans make up just 11  percent of the population but over half of the coronavirus cases.   The HEROES Act takes important steps to address this disparity by  providing $20 billion for Tribal governments; addressing tribal  business concerns on PPP loans; and boosting funding for many Indian  Health Service programs.   I'm sure we all can think of more things we would like in this bill  or things we might have done differently. For example, I've heard from  some unions that have concerns about the way this bill goes about the  important task of shoring up multiemployer pensions.   As this bill and others move forward, I will continue to fight for  the priorities that were left out and work with my colleagues to review  and debate those on which there is disagreement.   To those who are saying that we don't need this legislation, I want  you to think about the two sisters who died on the Navajo Nation, or  the person who checks you out at the grocery store, and the thousands  of people who are struggling right now.   American families are worth it, and we need to pass this bill.   