 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this en bloc,  which includes my friend and colleague Representative Dean Phillips'  amendment, which directs the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on  the effects of the Department of Defense's Cybersecurity Maturity Model  Certification framework on small business.   Recognizing the increased cyber vulnerabilities of small contractors,  the DOD initiated a new cybersecurity assessment framework called the  Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification to assess contractor  implementation of cybersecurity requirements.   While no one disputes the Federal Government's need to address the  growing cybersecurity risks facing our Nation, I am concerned that the  CMMC has created another hurdle to keep small businesses from competing  effectively in the defense marketplace.   There is no question our military relies heavily on the many small  businesses that make up our defense contracting network, and their  voices should be heard throughout this process.   Strong national security and cybersecurity in a thriving defense  industrial base shouldn't be mutually exclusively goals, and I hope  this amendment will set a clear path forward for our smaller  contractors.   I would also like to rise today in support of the following  amendments en bloc, which includes my supply chain-focused amendment  that I was proud to introduce with my main colleague, Mr. Golden.   Now, more than ever, we must ensure our supply chains are protected,  and with every business I meet, I continue to hear how they are  experiencing firsthand impacts of supply chain disruptions due to  COVID-19. And to prevent further disruptions, we must act now to  identify vulnerabilities. Protecting our supply chain is more than just  business, it is a matter now of national security.   My amendment will begin this process by directing the DNI and the CIA  to identify those critical supply chains to our national security,  economic security, and public health, as well as recommend necessary  actions.   It is my goal, along with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle,  that this amendment will prevent another grave supply chain crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of these two amendments.   