 Mr. President, I rise to address the elephant in the room  that almost no one is talking about. Everyone is talking about the debt  limit, but almost no one is talking about the debt.   I am a rancher, and I often think about policy in ranching terms.  This is ``all hat, no cattle'' politics.   We are starting down a track of a $29 trillion national debt. Let me  say that again: a $29 trillion debt.   When I first came to Congress, it was just under $10 trillion, which  seemed at the time an insurmountable debt. Now, we are getting closer  to $30 trillion. Certainly, if the spending that is being entertained  by the majority party and the Biden administration passes, we will be  well over $30 trillion.   In the immortal, but edited, words of Jimmy MacMillan--``the rent is  too [dang] high,'' guy--the debt is too dang high.   Another sobering statistic that was raised by the last speaker, in  February, the Congressional Budget Office said that the national debt  would surpass the economy's size this year, meaning the debt-to-GDP  ratio has long been an indicator of the country's fiscal health and  countries have historically tended to decline once their debt surpassed  their gross domestic product. This year, that country is us. It is the  United States of America. Remember, countries historically decline once  their debt passes their gross domestic product. That is what is  happening here.       It is a very sobering thought, but not a thought that is part of the  debate for raising the debt ceiling. The debt ceiling increase that is  being discussed now is so more spending can occur without addressing  our debt-to-GDP ratio. We cannot go on like this. It is irresponsible  at the deepest levels.   Now, I understand and I appreciate the concerns that have led to this  short-term debt limit deal, but the fact of the matter is, unless we  actually address the spending problems that are driving our national  debt--and soon--we are already saddling future generations of people in  my State of Wyoming and all the American people with a debt that they  will never be able to repay. And soon, interest payments on that debt  will crowd out other spending. The only reason it hasn't happened  already is because interest rates have been relatively low.   But we have to pay interest on our debt before we pay other things,  including the things that are in the majority party and the Biden  administration's $3.5 trillion plan. I believe this is unforgiveable.       Now, I am new to the Senate, so I was not here the last time we had  to address the debt ceiling issue. But the last time it came up, it was  Republicans who were the majority party and were on the dance floor by  themselves.  [[Page S6983]]  Since Republicans were in power in Senate, Democrats left the  Republicans to dance by themselves and raise the debt limit alone. So  anyone talking about this issue today needs to recognize that history.   It is normal for the party in power--where now the Democrats control  the House, the Senate, and the White House, it is normal for them to  raise the debt ceiling.   The problem is that both when Republicans have been in the majority  and have raised the debt ceiling and now Democrats are in the majority  and are going to raise the debt ceiling, neither party seems to talk  about the debt. They only talk about raising the debt ceiling.   It is really kind of shocking that the main focus of this debate,  whenever it occurs, is never on how we got here. It is never on why we  spend too much. It is never on the debt itself. It is always on just  raising the ceiling or suspending the ceiling so we can spend more, so  we can run up more debt, so we can have higher interest payments that  can crowd out other spending, that can create the vicious cycle that  creates deficit after deficit after deficit.   Our colleagues on the left can throw back at any Republican here that  spending has gone on like drunken sailors, even among Republicans, and  they are not wrong--and, also, I mean no disrespect to the Navy in  referencing sailors. Happy birthday to the Navy, celebrating its 246th  birthday yesterday.   There is a lot of blame to go around here. What I would like to see  us do is get together, both parties, all colleagues who are interested  in this subject, come up with a way to address our debt, to balance our  budget, whether it is freezing spending or addressing our trust funds  or recognizing how we can fix our entitlement programs or how we can  make the Social Security fund solvent, which we know how to do and do  not have the political courage to do. We have to contain these massive  interest payments. We must start addressing this issue.   Earlier this year, I proposed the Sustainable Budget Act to create  bipartisan solutions to our long-term spending. The Sustainable Budget  Act should be on the table.       My colleagues Senators Romney and Manchin also introduced the Trust  Act to shore up the long-term fiscal solvency of our trust funds. That  is another bill that should be on the table at the same time that we  are debating raising the debt ceiling.   Both of these ideas are worthy proposals that we should be discussing  now on a bipartisan basis because this problem isn't one that only  affects one party. When the time comes to pay the bill, our debt  holders don't care--won't care--if you are a Republican or a Democrat.  They only care about getting paid, and we are swiftly approaching a  time when we will be unable to do so.   You know, one of the reasons that I became so interested in digital  currencies, in nonfiat currencies, is because they are not issued by a  government. Bitcoin is not issued by a government, so it is not  beholding to the debts that are run up by governments, including the  greatest government that has ever existed on the face of the Earth, the  United States of America.       The United States of America is now at the point where our debt  exceeds our GDP ratio. It is the point at which nations decline. If we  are going to let the dollar decline, having the lessons of history in  front of us, and failing to act, we are truly irresponsible.   In the event that that contingency occurs, I want to make sure that  nonfiat currencies--currencies not issued by government, currencies not  beholden to political elections--can grow, can allow people to save,  can be there in the event that we fail at what we know we have to do.   There is no proof yet in the 21st century that we are going to make  this right. Time and again, in the U.S. House and the Senate, time and  again, Presidents of both parties have run up the debt irresponsibly,  with no plan to address it. So thank God for bitcoin and other nonfiat  currencies that transcends the irresponsibility of governments,  including our own. That is an indictment of our responsibility-- Democrats and Republicans, Presidents and Congress--our responsibility  to address this looming, predictable, massive issue.   Thank you.   