 Mr. President, I thank the distinguished leader, and I  thank my colleague from Oregon, Senator Wyden, for joining in this  motion and for making it.   I rise today to join them in calling for urgently needed funding for  State and local governments to support our communities as they continue  to grapple with the COVID-19 pandemic.   Across our country, State and local governments have been at the  forefront of responding to this crisis and providing people and  businesses with the support they need. State and local governments also  employ millions of essential public employees--including teachers,  first responders, and others--who have been working around the clock to  help keep the American people safe.   But in the face of these unprecedented circumstances, States and  local communities are facing new, mounting costs and a catastrophic  loss of revenue. Without additional Federal resources, we will see even  more job losses and further economic harm. We must do more to support  the American people.   Just last week, Moody's Analytics released a sobering report on what  State and local governments are up against. This report indicated that  without significant Federal support for State and local governments, 4  million additional people could lose their jobs.   Throughout this crisis, we have worked together to try to save  American jobs. Why, then, would we now sit and do nothing for the  people who make our communities run?   States and cities employ essential workers who have been on the  frontlines of this crisis. We need these workers now more than ever. We  should support the important work they are doing, not leave their jobs  at risk.   In addition to job cuts, without additional support, State and local  governments may also need to cut programs and services that the  American people depend on. Forcing States to slash education,  infrastructure, and public health budgets, among others, would be  deeply harmful at any time, but in the middle of a pandemic and the  recession it has helped create, the ripple effect of those cuts would  be even more staggering. Already, States and cities are cutting or  delaying fixing sewer lines or roads and delaying putting out critical  contracts to bid, with a ripple effect felt throughout the economy.   It doesn't have to be this way. Senate Democrats are focused on  providing significant economic relief for State and local governments  across the country. This would mitigate the job losses and further  economic damage that we are seeing as a result of this crisis.   I urge my Republican colleagues to work with us to deliver this  necessary relief and ensure that States have the flexibility to use  this funding to backfill lost revenue and preserve jobs.   The recent spike in cases in many States reinforces that the public  health threat remains extremely serious. Our economy will be feeling  the effects of this pandemic for years to come.   State and local governments need our strong support to help save  lives and strengthen our economy, and they need it right now. Blocking  this relief will only make a dire economic situation even worse. That  is the last thing the American people need.   I join Senator Wyden and my colleagues in moving this UC request.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   