 Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that notwithstanding the passage of S. 4049, the  clerk be authorized to correct the instruction line on amendment No.  2417.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Brown for the leadership  on this.   I am very sorry that the Republicans will not agree to moving forward  on this bill today. The urgency of the moment cannot be overstated.   President Trump's utterly failed response to the coronavirus pandemic  has allowed a dangerous virus to spread, uncontrolled, throughout our  Nation. More than 4 million Americans have contracted coronavirus, and  more than 140,000 people are dead.   While the death toll mounts, the President's failure to control the  spread of COVID-19 has caused a second crisis, following closely on the  heels of the virus. Our economy is in shambles, and now we are forced  to fight on two fronts: to keep families safe from the coronavirus and  safe from the economic fallout.   So I am here on the Senate floor today to talk about one piece of the  economic emergency unfolding in our country. Right now, we are just  days away from a completely preventable housing crisis. The CARES Act  eviction moratorium is currently protecting more than 12 million  renters from losing their homes while the virus rages across our  country. On Friday at midnight, those protections will disappear,  allowing a tsunami of evictions that will hit communities of color and  low-income families the hardest unless we act now.   Let us be clear. Eviction is not a new problem in this country. Too  many families were already on the financial brink before the virus  crashed our economy. Close to 40 percent of adults don't have enough  cash to cover an unexpected $400 expense. More than half of households  didn't have enough savings to cover 3 months without income. More than  one in four renters were paying more than half of their income to  housing.   Now families are facing the worst economic crisis of their lifetime.  About 30 million Americans are officially unemployed or out of work.  One-half of all Americans have lost employment income since the start  of this pandemic, and communities of color have been hit the hardest.  It is not possible to fix this economy without containing the virus,  but we can make sure that millions of Americans don't lose their homes  because President Trump closed his eyes and hoped that the pandemic  would just go away.   This is really a commonsense solution. My bill, the Protecting  Renters from Evictions and Fees Act, would extend the Federal eviction  moratorium through March of 2021, and it would expand the moratorium to  protect every single renter.   Congress should pass this bill immediately, and we should pair it  with Senator Brown's bill to create a $100 billion emergency rental  assistance fund to help struggling renters make their payments.  Families would get the help they need to stay in their homes and stay  current on their rent, and landlords would get their payments. This  would help families. It would cover landlords, and it would help  protect renters and communities from the spread of coronavirus.   So the answer is really simple. The Senate can--and must--pass these  two bills today because the consequences of inaction would be  devastating.   More than one out of every three renters have already missed a  housing payment. More than one-third of renters have little or no  confidence that they can make the next payment.   And let's be clear about who is most at risk. Closer to half of Black  and Latinx renters aren't sure they will be able to make the next  housing payment. Black Americans are already more likely to be renters  because of decades of racist Federal policies that denied Black  families Federally insured mortgages, and our government failed to  protect Black homeowners from predatory mortgages leading up to the  great recession. So when the economy crashed, millions of Black  Americans lost their homes, wiping out nearly all of the gains in Black  homeownership since the 1968 Fair Housing Act.   Failing to institute an eviction moratorium would further deepen  existing racial injustices. Letting eviction protections evaporate at  midnight on Friday will also result in widespread housing disruption  and needlessly cause long-term harm to millions of families' future  housing, financial stability, and their health. It will put more  families at risk of homelessness at a time when providers are already  stretching every dollar to connect unhoused Americans with sheltering  resources, and it will take away one of the most critical protections  from furthering the spread of coronavirus: safe, stable housing.   President Trump's shameful inaction has allowed this virus to spread  throughout every community in our country. He has denied the scope and  seriousness of this pandemic. He has dismissed calls to take lifesaving  action, and he has refused to use the powers of the Federal Government  to implement even the most basic mitigation measures.   But crisis does not stop growing just because those in power refuse  to acknowledge it. That is true for the spread of the coronavirus, and  it is also true for the looming eviction crisis.   This is about our values. The Senate has the opportunity--right now-- to  [[Page S4451]]  stop a massive wave of evictions that will displace families right in  the middle of a global pandemic. My colleagues understood the stakes in  March when Congress passed the existing eviction moratorium into law. I  urge them to join me now in continuing this lifesaving protection while  providing emergency rental assistance to keep renters housed, landlords  paid, and most of all, to keep families safe   I yield the floor.   