 Mr. President, the West is on fire. At this very moment,  historic wildfires are raging across our Western States. Communities  have been devastated. Homes have been destroyed. Businesses have been  turned to rubble. In the wake of these disasters, many families have  been left with absolutely nothing.   Nevadans are no strangers to seeing wildfires wreak havoc in our  State. Just this year, Nevada has seen over 650 fires. Yet what is  happening now is something different. These are some of the largest  fires the West has ever seen. Already, in 2020, over 4.7 million acres  of land have been burned across  [[Page S5677]]  our Nation, and we have already seen billions of dollars in economic  losses and damage.   Despite what you might hear from our President, these disasters are  not blue State issues. That kind of partisan sentiment is just  unconscionable. We must take a nonpartisan approach to saving lives and  protecting property from fires that know no partisan affiliation. It  doesn't matter that these fires are in the State of California or in  the State of Oregon or in the State of Washington or in the State of  Idaho. These disasters are happening in our United States. These fires  are impacting our communities, and in this time of crisis, we have a  responsibility to really help one another--to help our communities and  to help our friends and our neighbors.   People have died in these disasters, and some people are still  missing. Over 30,000 courageous men and women are risking their lives  to fight these fires and to save those families and save those  properties. I am really proud to say that Nevada's firefighters have  been deployed to assist in combating many of these disasters. I am so  proud of them.   As a result of these fires, the air quality in some of our  communities is so poor and so unhealthy that it is exceeding 20-year  records. This toxic haze has already impacted air quality in my own  State of Nevada, and it is not just in Western States. This harmful  smoke is spreading. It has been measured as far away as the east  coast--in places like New York City and right here in Washington, DC.  These fires put our collective health--all of ours--in jeopardy,  especially now, during the pandemic.   As I have said before, these fires impact every single one of us. Do  you know why? It is because this is an environmental issue; this is an  economic issue; this is a public health issue; and it is absolutely a  climate issue.   The science speaks for itself. Climate change and increased  temperatures directly correlate to the growing intensity of these  wildfires, and the longer we fail to address climate change, the more  costly and more dangerous and deadly the impact is going to be for our  friends, our neighbors, our States, and our communities.   September is wildfire preparedness month, and make no mistake: We  need to get a handle on these disasters. We need to provide resources  to our local communities, to our firefighters, and to our land  management agencies immediately. This is why I cosponsored my colleague  Senator Harris' Wildfire Defense Act, which is legislation that would  provide FEMA resources so that our local communities can develop  wildfire defense plans and allow all of us to respond more effectively.   We also need to address climate change, and we need to be proactive  and practical, which is why, earlier this year, I cosponsored Senator  Carper's climate change resolution. This resolution recognizes that  climate change is real, that human activity is the primary cause, and  that Congress must take immediate action to address one of the most  pressing issues of our time.   We need to act. Lives are on the line, and we need to act now.  Nevada, the West, and Americans across the country are counting on all  of us. So we need to get to work.   I yield the floor.   