 Mr. Speaker, I support this imperfect interim agreement.  But I want to be clear, while it funds some key priorities, it leaves  behind additional key assistance that we can provide to households,  individuals, and state and local governments that are the tip of the  spear in the fight against COVID-19. As we take up this bill, I  recognize that it is a much better bill than the one Senate Majority  Leader Mitch McConnell tried to ram through the Senate last week.  Thanks to those who worked so hard to help accomplish that.   That being said, it is clear that this Congress has much more work to  do to support the American people, our heroic public health and health  professionals on the front line of this pandemic while fighting to get  basic protective equipment, and to help support state, local, and  tribal governments that are leading this response.   This legislation will temporarily refill the Paycheck Protection  Program but if the experience of the first week of this program is any  indication, demand will again quickly overwhelm this program and the  program's funds will be quickly depleted. And while I support the  changes to direct funds into the hands of some of the most vulnerable  small businesses, that addresses just one of the numerous concerns  about this program that my office has heard. And I know other Members  have heard as well. More changes are needed not only to increase  transparency and protect the taxpayer, but also to help this program  work better for more vulnerable small businesses, not just larger  corporations or friends of the Trump Administration.   I am also pleased that the bill includes additional funding to  support our hospitals and other health providers that daily work to  test, diagnose, treat those affected with this illness. They have saved  countless lives. However, so far, the Administration has only released  $30 billion of the first $100 billion provided by Congress a few weeks  ago, with little if any of that money shipped out so far going to  children's hospitals, community health centers or Medicaid providers,  among others who are struggling.   The Administration needs to be more transparent about how it will  distribute the remaining funds from the first round and the additional  funding in this bill and how it will determine key terms, such as hot  spots that it reportedly wants to target. And it needs to get these  dollars out soon. Weeks more of delay is not acceptable.   Additional funding provided for our public health efforts through  CDC, HRSA, and NIH is appreciated. But since this is a public health  emergency, much more funding is needed especially as state and local  governments are challenged by an economic slowdown that has imperiled  their revenues.   There is more to be done and that must be done soon. We need another  strong comprehensive bill in line with the CARES act that responds to  emerging needs. Access to Personal Protective Equipment remains a  struggle and testing remains a challenge even while the Administration  pats itself on the back on both fronts.   Additionally, we need to ensure that critical programs that serve  populations that will be hit the hardest by any economic downturn, like  TANF and SNAP, are granted funding and flexibility to help people  through these trying times. Having tried to take care of everybody  else, our next package needs to look out for the least, the last, and  the lost.   Lastly, one of the truly missed opportunities is funding to support  safe and secure elections in this environment. Unfortunately, my state  of Wisconsin has become an unwelcomed example of what happens when  partisanship, rather than people's well-being, guides decisions about  holding elections in this environment. In the city of Milwaukee, the  largest city in the State, there were only 5 polling stations  available. You can guess the result . . . long lines that both  discouraged voting and raised a potential health threat to both voters  and poll workers.   We know more elections will be held soon and regardless of decisions  about reopening states and cities, they must take place in the safest  and securest possible environment we can ensure. That requires funding.  Funding to support a full panoply of voting options including absentee  ballots and extended early voting periods. We also need funding to  ensure localities have an adequate number of polling places and funds  to ensure that all votes cast are counted accurately and fairly. And  that's just to list a few of the reasons why funding to protect our  election security is so fundamentally needed. In the recent Wisconsin  election, nearly 80% of the ballots cast were absentee. But even there  you had issues as you had people request a ballot who did not get one  or had one sent after the elections, there were also issues with stacks  of undelivered absentee ballots, and ballots returned because they did  not have a postmark. The longer we delay providing these funds, the  less likely we will get, despite the best efforts by hardworking state  and local officials, a fair election.   I yield back the balance of my time.   