 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 4988) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 14 Walnut Street in Bordentown,  New Jersey, as the ``Clara Barton Post Office Building'', and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5123) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 476 East Main Street in  Galesburg, Illinois, as the ``Senior Airman Daniel Miller Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5451) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 599 East Genesse Street in  Fayetteville, New York, as the ``George H. Bacel Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5562) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 4650 East Rosedale Street in  Fort Worth, Texas, as the ``Dionne Phillips Bagsby Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5972) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 500 Delaware Avenue, Suite 1,  in Wilmington, Delaware, as the ``Mary Ann Shadd Cary Post Office'',  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 5983) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 4150 Chicago Avenue in  Riverside, California, as the ``Woodie Rucker-Hughes Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6016) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 14955 West Bell Road in  Surprise, Arizona, as the ``Marc Lee Memorial Post Office Building'',  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6161) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 1585 Yanceyville Street,  Greensboro, North Carolina, as the ``J. Howard Coble Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 6418) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 509 Fairhope Avenue in  Fairhope, Alabama, as the ``William `Jack' Jackson Edwards III Post  Office Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 7088) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 111 James Street in Reidsville,  Georgia, as the ``Senator Jack Hill Post Office Building'', and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 7502) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 101 South 16th Street in  Clarinda, Iowa, as the ``Jessie Field Shambaugh Post Office Building'',  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 7810) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 3519 East Walnut Street in  Pearland, Texas, as the ``Tom Reid Post Office Building'', and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Oversight and Reform be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 8611) to designate the facility of the  United States Postal Service located at 4755 Southeast Dixie  [[Page H7137]]  Highway in Port Salerno, Florida, as the ``Joseph Bullock Post Office  Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take  from the Speaker's table the bill (S. 3257) to designate the facility  of the United States Postal Service located at 311 West Wisconsin  Avenue in Tomahawk, Wisconsin, as the ``Einar `Sarge' H. Ingman, Jr.  Post Office Building'', and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take  from the Speaker's table the bill (S. 3461) to designate the facility  of the United States Postal Service located at 2600 Wesley Street in  Greenville, Texas, as the ``Audie Murphy Post Office Building'', and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take  from the Speaker's table the bill (S. 3462) to designate the facility  of the United States Postal Service located at 909 West Holiday Drive  in Fate, Texas, as the ``Ralph Hall Post Office'', and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take  from the Speaker's table the bill (S. 4126) to designate the facility  of the United States Postal Service located at 104 East Main Street in  Port Washington, Wisconsin, as the ``Joseph G. Demler Post Office'',  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take  from the Speaker's table the bill (S. 4684) to designate the facility  of the United States Postal Service located at 440 Arapahoe Street in  Thermopolis, Wyoming, as the ``Robert L. Brown Post Office'', and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.   