 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on March 29, Vilma Kari was walking to  church near Times Square in Manhattan when a man pushed her to the  ground and violently assaulted her in broad daylight.   A silent video of the incident captured by a security camera inside a  luxury apartment building showed the attack in vivid detail. In it, we  can clearly see the assailant pushing Ms. Kari to the ground and  kicking her repeatedly in the head and torso before leaving the scene.  This video, which has gone viral, is disturbing enough to watch, but it  doesn't capture the full picture of what happened. Witnesses to the  attack recounted the assailant's repeatedly yelling ``You don't belong  here'' to Ms. Kari--an immigrant from the Philippines who has lived in  our country for decades.   Now recovering from multiple injuries, including a broken pelvis,  Vilma Kari has become one of the latest victims in a surging wave of  hate crimes targeting the Asian-American, Pacific Islander community  during the COVID-19 pandemic.   Over the last year, we have seen businesses defaced with anti-Asian  graffiti, elders verbally accosted on the street, women assaulted, and  eight people murdered in cold blood at Asian-owned businesses in  Georgia during unprovoked attacks. All told, people of Asian descent  have reported more than 3,800 hate incidents across all 50 States and  the District of Columbia.   These attacks are disturbing and horrifying, but they are, in many  ways, a predictable and foreseeable outgrowth of the use of racist and  inflammatory language, like ``Chinese virus,'' ``Wuhan virus,'' and  ``Kung flu,'' to describe the COVID-19 pandemic. Last year, as some  political leaders, including the former President, started using this  language, the FBI warned of a potential surge in hate crime incidents  targeting people of Asian descent.   At the same time, public health experts warned of the danger of  singling out the Asian-American community as being responsible for the  virus. These warnings proved prophetic. A study recently published by  the American Journal of Public Health found there was a dramatic  increase in tweets using anti-Asian phrases after the first time the  former President tweeted using the hashtag ``China virus'' on March 16,  2020.   This rise in hate crimes targeting AAPIs over the past year has shown  the extent to which this inflammatory rhetoric has normalized racist  attitudes toward and the stigmatization of Asian Americans with  devastating consequences. The Center for the Study of Hate and  Extremism, for example, assessed that, in 16 of the Nation's largest  cities, hate crimes targeting AAPIs spiked nearly 150 percent during  the pandemic.   The current dramatic rise in hate crimes targeting Asian Americans  might be a recent development, but we all know that racism is never far  below the surface in our country, sadly. Asian Americans have always  been targeted as the ``other'' in our country--considered the perpetual  ``foreigner.'' It is what drove the passage of the Chinese Exclusion  Act of 1882 and is what led to the incarceration of 120,000 Japanese  Americans during World War II. It is also what drove two Detroit  autoworkers, during the height of hysteria about Japan's growing  economic strength, to murder a Chinese-American man named Vincent Chin  in 1982 because they thought he was Japanese. Outrageously, neither of  Vincent's killers received prison time. Nearly 40 years later, we can  see clear parallels between the racism that motivated Vincent Chin's  murder and the ongoing surge in anti-Asian racism and hate crimes. We  can also see the parallels in the wave of activism both unleashed.   Today, the AAPI community is uniting, once again, to confront this  epidemic of racism, discrimination, and hate. We are marching, speaking  out, and demanding action in cities and States across the country. As  part of our activism, we are working to dispel the model minority myth  that all Asians are successful and integrated in society. This racist  and discriminatory stereotype devalues the struggles and experiences of  an extraordinarily diverse community. The AAPI community is comprised  of people from more than 48 distinct ethnic groups who speak over 300  languages. Some of these groups have been in this country for over 100  years. Others have grown in size through waves of immigration in recent  decades.   Like other communities of color, elements of the AAPI community have  traditionally suffered from a variety of health, economic, and other  disparities for years, and the COVID-19 pandemic has only made them  worse. AAPIs are contracting and dying from COVID-19 at much higher  rates than White Americans and at comparable rates with Black and  Hispanic Americans.   Our community has suffered too much over the past year from the two  epidemics of racism and COVID, and confronting both will continue to  present challenges, but it has been a relief to have a President  capable of demonstrating care and empathy and who shares our sense of  urgency in confronting this wave of hate.   In his first week as President, Joe Biden issued an executive  memorandum that condemned racism, xenophobia, and intolerance targeting  the AAPI community and directed the Federal Government to actively  combat it. In recent weeks, following the brutal murder of eight  people, including six Asian women in Georgia, President Biden took  additional action. He announced new investments for research into anti- Asian xenophobia through the National Science Foundation, directed $50  million in support for victims of hate crimes, and established a COVID- 19 equity task force to combat anti-Asian hate.   Members of President Biden's administration have followed his lead.  Attorney General Merrick Garland, for example, pledged to prioritize  hate crimes enforcement during his confirmation hearing and has taken  additional steps to help local law enforcement agencies investigate  bias crimes.   Under President Biden's leadership, the executive branch is doing its  part. Now it is time for us--it is time for Congress to act.   I am encouraged that in just a few minutes, the Senate will vote to  proceed to the COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act on a strong bipartisan vote.  This is not a controversial bill. It would focus Federal leadership to  investigate and report hateful acts of violence and provide resources  for our communities to come together to take a stand against  intolerance and hate.   The COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act directs the Attorney General to  designate a person whose responsibility it will be to expedite review  of anti-Asian hate crimes and report them. It also instructs DOJ to  issue guidance to State and local law enforcement on culturally  appropriate public education campaigns and on the collection of data on  hate crimes or incidents. Such culturally-sensitive, in-language  outreach is an important element for strengthening trust and awareness  in impacted communities, and it will help overcome established  hesitancy to report hate crimes or incidents to law enforcement.   At a time when the AAPI community is under siege, this bill is an  important signal that Congress is taking anti-Asian racism and hatred  seriously. Significantly, Democrats and Republicans are working  together in good faith to come to consensus to pass this bill. For  example, I wholeheartedly support a bipartisan amendment from Senators  Blumenthal and Moran to attach their NO HATE Act to this bill. Their  amendment improves the data collection and reporting of all hate crimes  so that we can better understand their prevalence and implement  effective policies to prevent them. Senator Collins and I are also  working on additional language to broaden support for the bill.   The ongoing wave of anti-Asian violence and hate crimes has touched  virtually every single member of the AAPI community. We are talking  about millions of people in the AAPI community. Many of us are changing  our daily routines. Until recently, I usually have my earbuds in,  listening to an audio book whenever I leave my apartment to go for a  walk. I don't do that now.  [[Page S1923]]    An attack on one group in our country is truly an attack on all of  us. By passing the COVID-19 Hate Crimes Act, we can come together on a  bipartisan basis to show that the U.S. Senate will not be a bystander  to the wave of racist, anti-Asian violence in our country. So let's get  it done together.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   