 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak  about how we must pass emergency security supplemental appropriations  legislation to deliver needed funding to the Capitol Police and the  National Guard.   Anyone who watched yesterday the moving testimony of the officers who  protected this Capitol, I think, understands that we cannot wait.   I appreciate the efforts by my colleagues both over in the House as  well as here in the Senate, Appropriations Chairman Leahy and Ranking  Member Shelby, as well as Senator Blunt who works with me on the Rules  Committee, to reach a bipartisan proposal on this critical funding  issue, and we should pass this agreement without delay.   But after passing this important legislation, we must also continue  to work to ensure that all the funding needs in the aftermath of  January 6 are met, including with respect to funding for the Justice  Department to bring those who participated in the insurrection to  justice and to ensure there is sufficient funding for security  improvement for the Capitol.   When an angry, violent mob staged an insurrection on January 6 and  desecrated this Chamber, the temple of our democracy--what they did  over in the House, what they did in the hallways, spray-painted on the  columns, the Parliamentarian office in shreds--it was an attack on our  Republic itself.   As chair of the Rules Committee, I knew that we had to respond  immediately in two ways: One was immediately finishing our job that day  and getting the ballots counted; and then, 2 weeks later, making sure  that inauguration took place on that platform, which they had also  desecrated only 2 weeks before.   But the second piece was to get to the bottom of what happened. I am  glad that the House, with their bipartisan Select Committee, is  continuing this work. Our focus in the Senate was more limited, but  Senator Blunt and Senator Peters and Senator Portman and I combined our  committees to look, to get some immediate answers so we could achieve  this funding, as well as do some other things that couldn't wait for a  year, that we had to get done right away.   That is why we convened immediate hearings with both officials who  are responsible for security at the Capitol, including people who are  no longer in their positions and with representatives from key Federal  agencies.   We held the first hearing of the event of that horrific day. Our  bipartisan report focused on security, planning, and response failures  related to the violent and unprecedented insurrection that includes key  findings and recommendations that should be put in place without delay.   We learned about one Capitol Police officer who could be heard on the  radio that day asking a tragically simple question: Does anyone have a  plan?   Sadly, there was no plan.   We found out there was no departmentwide operational plan in place  before January 6. We are pleased we have a new police chief who has  started this last week, who I know will be committed to getting that  plan and working with our Sergeant at Arms, with our new employees here  who are committed to work on this, as well as all of those police  officers who stood with us that day and protected us from harm.   We found out in that report that, although Capitol Police activated  seven Civil Disturbance Unit platoons, only four were trained in  advanced civil tactics and had access to full riot gear. Officers in  one platoon couldn't access equipment that was locked on a bus. Less  than 10 percent of officers--160 of 1,840 sworn officers--were trained  in advanced civil disturbance tactics.   With respect to intelligence, neither the FBI nor the Department of  Homeland Security issued a threat assessment or intelligence bulletin  warning of the potential for violence on the Capitol on January 6. They  admitted at the hearing they didn't adequately look at social media or  take it seriously.   At the same time, Capitol Police intelligence reports in advance of  the attack conflicted with each other. One warned of the Capitol being  a target for home violence on January 6, and another rated the  likelihood of civil disturbance as ``remote'' to ``improbable.'' It  appeared nothing was actually resolved.   We also found out that, while the National Guard should have been  called sooner, they began arriving at the Capitol at 5:20 p.m., more  than 4 hours after the barriers were first breached and nearly 3 hours  after the Defense Department got a request for support from the Capitol  Police.   In light of these findings, our report made many recommendations  pertaining to both Capitol Police and Federal agencies. These are  measures that could be acted on without delay while important oversight  continues.   With respect to security here at the Capitol, progress has already  been made, as I mentioned, with the appointment of the new police  chief. We said that should be done immediately.   I have also introduced legislation with Senator Blunt to put in place  another one of our recommendations, which is to empower the Capitol  Police Chief to directly request assistance from the DC National Guard  in emergency situations.   One of the many absurd and tragically sad situations was that day  when, of course, there had been mess-ups in not requesting the Guard  earlier, which could have changed things dramatically.   But on that day, the Chief had to try to call the Sergeant at Arms of  both Chambers, both of whom were leading the fight against the  insurrectionists with the police. He had to make those phone calls  because he felt that he needed that permission to be able to call in  the National Guard.   What our bill simply does is it gives the Capitol Police Chief, in  those dire emergency situations, the power to do that.   The agreement announced yesterday would also go a long way toward  implementing another of our recommendations, which is one of the most  crucial: to ensure that the Capitol Police has sufficient personnel  with appropriate training and equipment to fulfill its mission.   Crucially, yesterday's agreement includes essential funding for the  Capitol Police and National Guard, including funding for exactly what  is called for in our report. This comes at a critical time when the  Capitol Police is expected to run out of funding for salaries in  August, and the National Guard is considering having to cut upcoming  training without having additional support.   The agreement also includes Capitol Police funding for improved  equipment and training to ensure officers have the resources they need  to fulfill their mission of protecting the Capitol. Importantly, the  Capitol Police funding also includes money for mental health support,  something I specifically called for.  [[Page S5124]]    It also fully reimburses the National Guard for their costs in  deploying to the Capitol, which was essential to securing the Capitol  following the attack.   By the way, we all know we need to recruit more officers, and I  believe the stability of having a police Chief in place, particularly  one from this region, and also having the funding and the benefits and  the things we need will be helpful in our major effort that must be  done to recruit more Capitol Police. People have been working too many  shifts; they have been working too late; and they have been away from  their families for too long.   While this proposal will deliver needed funding for these urgent  priorities, there are other priorities that we must not forget.   First, it remains imperative that the criminal insurrectionists who  overtook the Capitol on January 6 are held accountable to the fullest  extent of the law. The Justice Department has done incredible work to  see that justice is done following the horrific events of that day,  with more than 500 people now facing criminal charges. That is, by the  way, very important that we fund that. That is something we may have to  take up in the future as some of these cases may be very complex.   Secondly, at the same time, the insurrection also made clear--and we  all know this--the need to improve the security of the Capitol Complex  itself. This includes funds requested to upgrade the windows and doors  that were destroyed by the violent mob that day and for new security  measures. As we move forward, while I appreciate the funding in this  bill, there may be need for additional funding.   We heard again yesterday about the horrific events of January 6  during that hearing. We heard that harrowing testimony, once again,  from brave officers who performed heroically under unimaginable  circumstances. We all know the stories of staff hiding in closets. We  all have seen the videos of how close it was for so many Members. We  owe it to those who are with us today, for those we have lost, and for  those whom we want to hire in the future to keep us safe. We owe it to  them to pass this legislation to fund the Capitol Police and National  Guard, but we also will owe it to them in the future to fund these  ongoing prosecutions and other security improvements.   I urge my colleagues to join me in working to ensure that we pass  this bill and also that the critical funding needs are met as we move  forward, for nothing is more important to this place than our  democracy.   I yield the floor.   