 Mr. President, I rise to support my colleague and friend  from New York in the call for the consideration of the Military Justice  Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act. This is an effort whose time  is well past due.   For too long, our servicemembers have faced the threat and traumas of  sexual assault in their own ranks. We must act to prevent these attacks  and hold perpetrators accountable. Sixty-five other Members of this  Chamber recognize the urgency of our servicemembers' plight. It is time  for debate and consideration.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, you might have missed it, but without  much fanfare, the White House quietly released the President's budget  on the Friday before a holiday weekend. Maybe we weren't supposed to  notice the plan at all, but the contents make it impossible to ignore.   President Biden is proposing higher taxes on working Americans and  cuts to our national defense to pay for a massive expansion of the  Federal Government, an enactment of the radical progressive demands,  like parts of the Green New Deal.   What can't be paid for is simply put on the Nation's ``credit card,''  adding trillions of dollars of red ink. President Biden's budget can be  summed up like this: higher taxes, higher spending, and higher debt.   And don't take my word for it. The New York Times wrote that Biden's  $6 trillion budget would ``push federal spending to its highest  sustained levels since World War II.''   Under the Biden budget, by 2028, Washington will collect more tax  revenue as a portion of our economy than at nearly any point over the  last 100 years. This tax-collecting scheme even includes a retroactive  tax increase. That is right, folks, you may owe higher taxes on past  earnings.   Plus, the President would allow the tax cuts for lower income and  middle-class Americans to expire in 2025, and the result will be higher  taxes for most Americans. Higher tax bills will add additional burdens  to Iowa families and small businesses already struggling with the  rising prices and inflation being caused by Bidenomics.   So what do you get in exchange for all of these new taxes? For the  first time in nearly half a century, taxpayers would be forced to pay  for abortions. The Biden budget contains $600 million for electric  vehicles. That is a lot of money to subsidize a product  [[Page S4008]]  very few Americans, other than upper income individuals on the coasts,  seem interested in purchasing.   President Biden would also spend your taxes to double the size of the  IRS over the next decade, adding almost 87,000 new employees at a cost  of nearly $80 billion. You heard it right, folks--87,000 new IRS  agents.   But while the Biden budget promises a bureaucratic buildup at the  IRS, his proposal is far less generous to our Armed Forces. The Air  Force would suffer a substantial cut in its number of aircraft. The  small number of new ships added to the Navy will not keep pace with the  growth of Communist China's shipbuilding. This is especially concerning  since the CCP now boasts the world's largest Navy and is attempting to  expand its naval presence in the Atlantic. You heard that right--not  the Pacific but into the Atlantic.   The Army budget would be slashed by more than $3 billion. The  resulting troop reductions would leave us with the same sized Army we  had on 9/11. While essentially freezing defense spending overall, $617  million of the military's budget would be diverted to fighting climate  change.   Folks, who does the President think he will be able to call on should  we need to fight off foreign threats--his new Army of IRS agents?   We face new threats around the globe, and lowering our defenses, as  President Biden is proposing, will only embolden our adversaries.  Americans may fear an IRS audit, but Red China won't.   When America last spent as much as President Biden is proposing, we  built, essentially from scratch, the world's greatest military force.  And all Americans were called on to play their part in the most noble  of causes.   The entire free world will forever owe a debt of gratitude to the  ``greatest generation.'' There is no denying that the sacrifices made  by these Americans and the resources committed to their mission forever  altered human history for the better. The same cannot be said about  what is now being proposed, which leaves America weaker in the world,  and the debt will be paid by future generations.   The Biden budget is a bust for taxpayers and a boon for DC  bureaucrats and tax collectors   With that, I yield the floor.   