 Mr. President, I rise today to condemn President Trump's  refusal to denounce White supremacy during last night's Presidential  debate.   At a time when this Nation is having a profound discussion about  race--with anti-Semitism rearing its ugly head here in the United  States and around the globe and the Nation being torn apart over  political differences--our leaders, particularly our President, must  call out hate in all its forms.   Last night, the President failed to rise to the occasion, and he  failed the American people in doing so. On the global stage in the year  2020, the leader of the free world gave an unequivocal wink and nod to  White supremacists, racists, and neo-Nazis, all while the Nation and  the world looked on in absolute horror.   Not only did the President of our United States not condemn the White  supremacist violence that he has incited during his tenure, he  implicitly gave them marching orders.   When asked to condemn the hate group, the Proud Boys, the President  of the United States said that they should ``stand back and stand by.''  Let me repeat. He gave the order for them to ``stand back and stand  by.''   There is no justification for his words or for his refusal to give a  clear, direct, and swift condemnation of White supremacy.   The President's emboldening of violent extremists comes just as the  FBI and Department of Homeland Security named White supremacist  extremists as the most significant terrorism-related threat right here  in the United States.   As a member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs  Committee, I heard the FBI Director testify  [[Page S5918]]  to this very point just last week. The message was clear: White  supremacists pose a dangerous and violent threat to our homeland.   Against this backdrop, the President's shocking remarks last night  were, in fact, a continuation of deeply disturbing patterns of racist  and anti-Semitic behavior that this President has allowed to take place  on his watch.   Three years ago in Charlottesville, violent chaos and hatred were on  full display for the world to see. As neo-Nazis openly marched in the  streets, they chanted: ``Jews will not replace us'' and ``blood and  soil.''   President Trump not only didn't denounce this anti-Semitic and racist  rhetoric, he did something much worse. He did something much worse. He  praised the White nationalists. He praised them as ``very fine  people.'' These were not very fine people.   Just last month, a teen vigilante asked his mother to drive him  across State lines to the protests in Kenosha with a rifle. He went  there to use it, and, in fact, he did. He took the life of two people  and shot a third. He has been charged with homicide and rightly so.  Instead of condemning this act of hatred, President Trump has hailed  this murderer as a ``hero.''   But this is the norm for President Trump. The President's use of dog  whistles and charged language gives a voice to White supremacy and  empowers vigilantes. It is inexcusable, and it is indefensible.   This rise in hatred that the President fails to condemn is one of the  reasons why, last year, I cofounded the Senate Bipartisan Task Force  for Combating Anti-Semitism. The goal of this bipartisan, nonpartisan  endeavor is to help stop hate before it starts, to call out bigotry and  anti-Semitism wherever we see it--left, right, or center. I am proud of  the work that we have done so far to push back on anti-Semitism right  here in the United States, in Europe, in the Middle East, and around  the world.   But the President's silence and his disturbing call to arms to White  supremacist groups like the Proud Boys make our work that much harder.   Some of the President's defenders often write off his most troubling  statements, claiming the President misspoke or that we just don't  understand what he is trying to say or that is his speaking style or  that he is just joking.   Let me be clear. He didn't misspeak last night. He didn't make a joke  last night. And regardless of what others say, words matter. His words  matter. He is the President of the United States.   Let me say today, as the President should have said last night--and I  invite all of my colleagues here in this Chamber to join me in  repeating this statement: I condemn White nationalism; I condemn  racism; I condemn anti-Semitism; and I condemn and denounce the groups  that promote these vile ideologies, the Proud Boys among them.   We must speak out, and we must take action. I urge my colleagues,  again, on both sides of the aisle, not to be complicit in their  silence. I want them all to join me. I want you all to join me in  denouncing White supremacy, as President Trump failed to do, clearly  and explicitly, in last night's debate.   This is not a partisan issue. It never will be a partisan issue.   I hope all my colleagues join me in denouncing hatred in all forms.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   