 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5668, the MODERN  Labeling Act. I'm proud to have advanced this bipartisan bill through  my Health Subcommittee and I'm proud to support it on the Floor today.   The MODERN Labeling Act was introduced by Representatives Doris  Matsui and Bret Guthrie, and allows generic drug companies to update  outdated labeling   Drug labeling can become outdated when new scientific evidence is  discovered after a drug is on the market, yet drug manufacturers are  not required by law to update their products' labeling with new uses.   Because of this system, the labeling of many cancer drugs, especially  older generic products, are out of date. Outdated labeling can affect  insurance and Medicare coverage of the drugs, creating potentially high  out-of-pocket costs for consumers.   H.R. 5668 addresses this problem by giving the FDA the authority to  require labels to reflect new information relevant to the drug and its  use.   This is a commonsense bill that will help more cancer patients have  access to the treatments they need and I urge all my colleagues to  support this legislation.  [[Page H5807]]     Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4712, the Fairness  in Orphan Drug Exclusivity Act. I'm proud to have advanced this  bipartisan bill through my Health Subcommittee and I'm proud to support  it on the Floor today.   The Fairness in Orphan Drug Exclusivity Act was introduced by Reps.  Madeline Dean (D-PA), Marc Veasey (D-TX), Buddy Carter (R-GA), and  David McKinley (R-WV).   The bill will close a loophole so that orphan drug exclusivity cannot  be used to deny access to certain drugs, especially drugs for opioid  use disorder.   This is a narrowly drawn bill to fix a technical problem without  hurting the original intention of the Orphan Drug Act. It requires drug  companies to show that they will not recoup costs each year in order to  achieve the orphan drug designation.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2117, the FASTER  Act. I'm proud to have advanced this bipartisan bill through my Health  Subcommittee and I'm proud to support it on the Floor today.   The FASTER Act was introduced by Representative Doris Matsui. It adds  sesame as a major allergen for food labeling and allows the FDA,  through regulation, to add other food ingredients as major allergens  based on the prevalence and severity of allergic reactions to the food  ingredient.   The FASTER Act will have an enormous impact on the 32 million  Americans living with food allergies and their families.   Hospitalizations for allergic reactions have risen 400 percent over  the past decade with 1 in 13 children having a life-threatening food  allergy, and many of them are allergic to sesame.   Sesame remains the most common allergen that is NOT required to be  written on food labels and is often hidden on labels as ``Spices'' or  ``Natural Flavors.'' Parents and children cannot easily avoid sesame if  it's not clearly labeled. Anyone who's ever known a child with a  serious food allergy knows how dire a reaction can be.   Over a year ago, the FDA issued a request for information about  requiring the sesame allergen label and since then has only taken  limited action to address this issue through draft guidance that would  allow manufacturers to voluntarily list sesame as an ingredient.   The FDA needs to do more to help curb the risks these children face  and the FASTER Act will help the FDA do just that. I urge all my  colleagues to support this bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6624, the USA  Telecommunications Act.   It has been a decade since I first raised how the vulnerabilities in  our telecommunications infrastructure directly impact our national  security. I first wrote to the FCC on November 2, 2010, expressing very  grave concerns about Huawei and ZTE, companies that have opaque  entanglements with the Chinese government. In the intervening decade,  Huawei and ZTE equipment has proliferated across our country because  it's cheap, due to the Chinese government subsidizing them.   As we build out 5G networks, we must protect our national security,  especially from entities like Huawei and ZTE, and it's why I'm proud to  cosponsor H.R. 6624, bipartisan and bicameral legislation that invests  $750 million in Open Radio Access Networks, or Open RAN, and promotes  the deployment of open network 5G equipment.   We hear a great deal and talk about 5G, but I don't think most people  can tell you what 5G actually is. It's a set of protocols and standards  agreed to in various multistakeholder forums. Unlike previous  generations of wireless standards, 5G is primarily based on software  independent of the physical telecommunications equipment which  increases security.   Open RAN is a movement to create secure and open software standards  for 5G that ensures that our communications are secure, no matter whose  equipment the communications travel through. This is critical because  even after we remove Huawei and ZTE-made cell sites from our country,  we may still have their parts in our telecom ecosystem because they  make parts used by most providers. We can never be 100 percent secure  if we rely on insecure equipment. This is precisely why we need the  software used by wireless equipment to be secure by design, and Open  RAN does just that.   For these reasons, I urge colleagues to support H.R. 6624.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 8266, the  FEMA Assistance Relief Act which will provide additional funding to  state and local governments to help victims of disasters rebuild and  will make an important difference in the lives of my constituents who  are victims of the CZU Lightning Complex Fire.   2020 has been a difficult year for so many Americans. As our nation  grappled with the COVID-19 pandemic, California endured a record- breaking wildfire season. In my Congressional District, the CZU  Lightning Complex Fire burned for 37 straight days this summer,  destroying nearly a thousand homes and forcing 77,000 of my  constituents to evacuate.   The fires could not have come at a worse time for local governments  who are facing major budget cuts due to the pandemic. Santa Cruz County  projected a $23 million decrease in revenue, and the cost of the fires  has placed further strain on its ability to help residents affected by  the fires. The President declared the fires to be a major disaster,  providing much-needed federal funding, but FEMA only covers 75 percent  of the cost of disaster relief, with state and local governments having  to pick up the rest of the costs. The FEMA Assistance Relief Act  increases the federal government's share of the costs to 90 percent,  alleviating the financial burden on local governments and allowing them  to focus on rebuilding their communities.   I am deeply grateful for the extraordinary work of thousands of first  responders who helped fight these terrible fires. Thanks to them and  their work, the fires have long since been contained, but much work  remains to be done to provide relief to my constituents. I'm proud to  be an original cosponsor of the FEMA Assistance Relief Act to provide  critical resources to communities around the country affected by  natural disasters this year, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it.   