 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I rise to offer this amendment to  double Federal research funding for endometriosis over the level for  fiscal year 2019.   Endometriosis is a painful, chronic condition affecting 1 in 10  women, 7 million women in the United States, with serious costs to  their physical and emotional health and quality of life. Despite the  prevalence of this disease  [[Page H4171]]  and the many women who have it, it remains misunderstood,  underresearched and underfunded.   Women and their caregivers, alike, often suffer from a lack of  awareness about the symptoms of endometriosis and the disease itself.   This is a profound and heavy moment for me right now because of the  fact that, back in March, I came down to this Chamber and shared  publicly for the very first time that I, too, suffer from  endometriosis. You see, Madam Speaker, at the time when I gave my  speech, I wanted to make sure that folks knew that I could still do my  job, that, yes, I have this painful condition, but that I was tough and  I could still do my job and my work.   Luckily, I have been able to do that. I have my entire career. But  what I realized since sharing my story is that I am absolutely one of  the lucky ones, because this condition affects people in all different  ways and in all different severities.   I happened to have been fortunate to find out at a young age when my  mother believed my pain. This is for the women whom I have heard from  who have reached out and who have suffered in silence, the ones whose  bodies this condition has attacked in even more severe ways, who have  had to drop out of the workforce because of the severity of their  condition, the ones who have lost decades of their lives and their  future family plans in pain because there weren't better options and  there weren't any answers. They are warriors, they are tough, and they  are braver than we deserve.   Today, we uplift those voices along with the truth that we must do  more. You see, Madam Speaker, it is imperative that, with this funding,  not only do we raise awareness of this issue, but we fight for better  options: more than just one or two pills that don't necessarily work  for every woman; more than extreme surgeries like cauterization or  hysterectomies; and education and work to bring equity to other  surgeries that are more advanced but yet specialized and available to  so few because of the cost so that more women can get the care that  they need and, quite frankly, deserve.   At the same time, we need to also figure out why this condition  happens in the first place. Does it start at birth? Does it happen  later in life? Can it happen starting in adolescence?   There are so many unknowns in this condition that we have known about  since the 1920s. Again, 7 million women have it currently in the United  States.   Today, we push forward. Today, we celebrate a win. But today is just  the beginning. We will continue to uplift and increase awareness,  funding, and research every single step of the way.   It has been an honor to hear the stories of the women who have  reached out. They have told me, after reaching out and hearing their  story, their pain described for the first time ever on the House floor,  that they felt for the first time that they were not alone. After  hearing their stories, they have made me feel not alone, and we will  continue together. We have so much work left to do, and they are the  reason we will not stop fighting.   I fully urge the adoption of this amendment.   Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains.    Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   