 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the interim  emergency corona virus package being considered today.   The last two months have been some of the hardest in our nation's  history. The toll that this virus has taken on our economy and, more  importantly, on American lives, has been staggering. Over the last few  weeks, my office has received thousands of calls and emails from  constituents who need help obtaining the important economic relief  provisions secured by Congress.   While some small businesses and nonprofits in my district were able  to access programs like the Paycheck Protection Program, many more were  shut out from these critical funds.   Let's be clear--large companies and corporations never should have  been allowed to receive funds meant for small businesses.   Now, it's up to us to begin to make this right and ensure that those  small businesses most in need get access to replenished relief funds.  Countless American jobs--and lives--are on the line.   The legislation before us today would provide an additional $310  billion in funding for the Paycheck Protection Program, including  billions intended for businesses in underserved rural, urban and tribal  communities. It also provides $50 billion for additional emergency  disaster lending, translating into more than $350 billion in loans, and  another $10 billion in emergency disaster grants.   In addition, this package continues our efforts to provide health  care workers with the life-saving protective equipment they need to do  their jobs safely and effectively by directing $75 billion toward  hospitals and other health care providers.   Also of great importance to me is the $25 billion this package  secures for testing, which is key to quickly and safely reopening the  country. These funds will be critical in facilitating the large-scale  production and rapid deployment of precise coronavirus testing--which  public health experts agree is necessary to determine when people can  get out of their homes and back into schools, the workforce and  society.   Despite these important provisions, this package falls short in a  number of areas.   For one, it is unacceptable that Republicans blocked more funding for  state and local governments on the frontlines of this crisis. Right  now, every American is benefiting from the  [[Page H1949]]  tireless work our local officials are doing to keep us safe.   However, without additional support from the federal government, the  costs of the coronavirus response--on top of the reduced tax revenues  caused by the economic fallout of the pandemic--threaten to bankrupt  our communities and undermine public health efforts.   The fact that some in Congress and the Administration would rather  bail out big corporations than support the local governments working  day and night to keep us safe is unacceptable. We will not stop  fighting until our communities get the support they need.   We also must continue fighting for the most vulnerable among us. Our  immigrant communities, incarcerated individuals, undocumented people,  poor families and many others are still being left out of important  relief provisions.   If there's one thing we've learned throughout this pandemic, it's  that we're all in this together. We have to look out for each other,  and we have to do our part to take care of one another.   While I urge my colleagues to come together to pass today's package  to bring additional relief to our small businesses and health care  providers, we must continue working to ensure all those suffering from  this pandemic can be made whole.   