 Madam Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the  Protecting the Right to Organize Act, or the PRO Act.   I am the daughter of a garment worker, so the fight for workers'  rights has always had a special place in my heart. My mother toiled  every day in the sweatshops in New Haven, Connecticut, sewing shirt  collars and dresses. And she was a pieceworker, which meant she got  pennies on the dollar. As chair of the Appropriations  Committee's Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related  Agencies Subcommittee, I work every day to ensure that her early  struggles were not in vain.    I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the PRO Act introduced by  the chair of the committee, Congressman  Bobby Scott. It strengthens  the rights of working people to come together in union to secure better  wages and better working conditions.   The single biggest economic challenge of our times is that people's  pay doesn't keep up with their rising costs of healthcare, education,  and childcare. From 1980 to 2017, average incomes for the bottom 90  percent of households stagnated to a 1.1 percent increase while  skyrocketing more than 180 percent for the wealthiest 1 percent in this  country. It is no coincidence that, at the same time, union membership  fell to a record low of 10 percent.   Economists at Princeton found that the alarming rise of income  inequality since the 1970s can be at least partially attributed to the  decline in union membership.   The PRO Act is about leveling the playing field for working people.  It penalizes predatory corporations that violate workers' rights and  streamlines procedures at the National Labor Relations Board to more  effectively deal with violations. It protects workers from being  misclassified as independent contractors. It helps working people  secure a winning agreement as part of a union. It protects union  elections against interference. And it empowers unions and employers to  negotiate agreements that collect fair share fees.    It establishes a mediation and arbitration process to  help ensure corporations and newly formed unions reach a first  contract.   As Nobel-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz has said: Inequality is  not inevitable. It is about the public policy choices we make.   Madam Speaker, it is not globalization, and it is not technology. We  have the opportunity today to choose a public policy that, in fact,  will defend and protect working people in this country.   Madam Speaker, pass the PRO Act.   