 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of several important  provisions in H.R. 6395, the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National  Defense Authorization Act/or Fiscal Year 2021 (NOAA) that I authored or  cosponsored, as well as amendments to the bill. This legislation will  ensure our country retains its leadership in artificial intelligence  (Al), cybersecurity, and semiconductor manufacturing.   NDAA includes several smart provisions authorizing investments in Al  research and development (R&D). The Global Al Index, which quantifies  the Al arms race among nations, finds that the U.S. is ahead of China  today but ``experts predict China will overtake the U.S. in just five  to 10 years.'' Section 5107 of the NDAA includes my bipartisan and  bicameral legislation, H.R. 7096, the National Al Research Resource  Task Force Act, which establishes a task force of experts from  government, academia, and companies (large and small) to develop a  roadmap for a national AI research cloud to make available high-powered  computing, large data sets, and educational resources necessary for AI  research. The national Al research cloud expands access so that  American universities and companies can participate in AI R&D.   My legislation is supported by Chairman Eric Schmidt and Vice  Chairman Bob Work of the National Security Commission on Al; 12 leading  public and private research universities, including Stanford, UCLA,  Princeton, and Ohio State; research and tech nonprofits Mozilla, Open  AI, and the Allen Institute for Al; standards body IEEE-USA; leading  technology companies, including Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle, and  IBM; and startups, including Calypso AI and Scale AI. I thank  Representatives Anthony Gonzalez and Mikie Sherrill; Senators Portman  and Heinrich; and the House Committees on Science and Armed Services  for their partnership in advancing this highly important legislation.   I'm proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 6216, the National Artificial  Intelligence Initiative Act, comprehensive and bipartisan legislation  which establishes an initiative to accelerate and coordinate  investments and partnerships in Al research, standards, and education.  This legislation appears as division E of the base text of NDAA, and it  is a major investment in our country's future that will pay dividends  for decades to come.   The House will consider two Al-related amendments I authored that  expand reporting requirements for the Joint Artificial Intelligence  Center (JAIC) of the Department of Defense. Amendment No. 131 requires  the JAIC to report to Congress on its contribution to the development  of AI standards in multi-stakeholder bodies. The U.S. must lead  international and multi-stakeholder standards bodies to ensure our  democratic and liberal values guide the evolution of AI. Amendment No.  132, which I offer with Congressman Gonzalez, requires the JAIC to  report on the assignments servicemembers receive after they complete  their duty with the JAIC. We need to ensure AI experience is recognized  and celebrated in the armed services.   I'm proud to cosponsor Amendment No. 24, offered by my good friend  Rep. Matsui, based on her bipartisan legislation with Rep. McCaul, the  CHIPS/or America Act. The amendment will restore American leadership in  semiconductor manufacturing by increasing incentives to enable advanced  R&D, which will bolster our country's national security and economic  competitiveness. I thank Reps. Matsui and McCaul for including, at my  request, a provision ensuring that small businesses are given  preference for grants authorized by the legislation, in subsection  (b)(2)(C)(ii)(III) of the Semiconductor Incentive Grants section.   Finally, I'm pleased to cosponsor Amendment No. 15, which creates the  role of the National Cyber Director within the Executive Office of the  President, based on Rep. Langevin's bipartisan legislation, the  National Cyber Director Act. Cybersecurity is critically important for  our national security and economy, and we need a senior official at the  highest level of the Executive Branch to coordinate how the federal  government and military are investing to mitigate cyberattacks and  respond to disruptions in government and the private sector.   I urge my colleagues to support Amendments No. 131, No. 132, No. 24,  and No. 15.   