 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2639 and  congratulate my fellow Clevelander, Representative Fudge, and Chairman  Scott for their leadership, and all the members of the committee on  Education and Labor who have worked tirelessly to get us here today.   We know that modern school segregation is largely related to housing  and income segregation, with the worst cases concentrated in urban and  suburban areas.   Research shows that schools with a large proportion of middle-class  White students tend to have access to more resources. They benefit from  challenging, college-level courses, teachers and guidance counselors  who can help plan for college, and from wide-ranging extracurricular  activities in sports, the arts, and music, all of which greatly  contribute to a student's academic achievement.   The impact, however, goes well beyond academic opportunities.  Children who aren't regularly exposed to people from other backgrounds  are less likely to see racial and economic disparities as a problem.   Diversity, almost everyone agrees, is good; inclusion is good;  exposure to different cultures and ideas is good.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent Miami, a city that values  diversity and multiculturalism as the backbone of our society.   Miami is the second largest minority-majority school district in the  Nation, where more than 92 percent of the students are Black or  Hispanic, students whose families often escaped political persecution  and extreme poverty. Yet the typical Black or Hispanic student attends  an underresourced school where more than 60 percent of other students  come from low-income families.   Similarly, schools with large Black enrollment don't excel in State  ratings, and Black students are woefully underrepresented in the  district's stellar magnet program.   The grants in H.R. 2639 would fund efforts to explore different  approaches to integration, recruit or train staff to better serve  minority students, and engage local communities on specialized academic  programs.   If we as policymakers say we have an interest in increasing the  academic success rate for Black and Hispanic youth, then we support  H.R. 2639.   