 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico have suffered  greatly in the last few years, from fiscal calamity to a monster  hurricane to the Earth shaking and continuing to shake.   I have seen the suffering personally. These disasters have resulted  in many Puerto Ricans leaving the island, and many are children or  young adults who are still in school.   This amendment increases funding to conduct a study on the impacts  that these young people face when they have to disrupt their education.   The truth is, we don't know the best way to help children who have to  leave their homes to pursue their education in another State or have to  miss weeks of school because their school building is structurally  unsound after an earthquake. But we need to. We need to know the best  way to make sure that all children can reach their full potential and  are able to cope with whatever trauma they may have faced.   Ultimately, this amendment will save us money because we will have  future natural disasters where children will have to move away from  their schools or pause their education. Unfortunately, there will be  more Marias and more Katrinas, and there will be more wildfires.   We need to make sure that we are serving both children and the  taxpayers. We should spend our money in the most impactful way  possible. The study will guide us on the most effective policies and  the most effective way we can use disaster funds to help our children.   I thank my distinguished colleague, Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon, for  her work and her support on this amendment, as well as Congresswoman  Stephanie Murphy, Congressman Alcee Hastings, and Chairman  Jim  McGovern.   Madam Chair, I support the underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to  support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Madam Chair, I claim the time in  opposition, although I am going to be in favor of the amendment.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Madam Chair, this amendment is simply about helping  American children, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Madam Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey),  the chair of Committee on Appropriations.    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   