 Madam President, at long last, tomorrow morning, I  expect that the Senate will approve the bipartisan Infrastructure  Investment and Jobs Act.   For far too long, any discussion of transportation infrastructure in  this country has been accompanied by the adjective ``crumbling.'' The  backlog of needed repairs and upgrades and replacements in my State of  Maine and throughout our country is simply enormous.   Americans know far too well the consequences of the chronic  underinvestment in our infrastructure. Poor road conditions cost them,  on average, hundreds of dollars each year in vehicle repairs and wasted  gasoline due to congestion. Structurally deficient bridges often  require lengthy detours when they have to be posted. Slow or  nonexistent internet connections create barriers to work, healthcare  and education.   The recent pandemic has certainly laid bare inequities to high-speed  internet in our country. Every administration in recent memory has  identified improving our infrastructure and transportation networks as  a priority, but time and time again we have seen those ambitious goals  thwarted by partisanship.   Well, the Senate has finally broken through the political gridlock  and is on the merge of passing a landmark infrastructure package that  amounts to a major victory for the American people.   I worked with my colleagues from across the aisle and across the  country to produce this legislation. It will be the most significant  investment in American infrastructure since the establishment of the  Interstate Highway System in the 1950s.   This bill will provide concrete benefits for American families, as  well as for our economy, by making historic investments in our Nation's  roads; highways; bridges; airports; seaports; waterways; rail; water  treatment systems; and, of course, broadband.   This is important not only for American families; it is important for  America's place in the world. Many other countries on a per-capita  basis invest far more than our country does in infrastructure,  including China. So this bill will help to improve our competitiveness,  create jobs, and improve our productivity. It represents the  culmination of months of bipartisan negotiations and truly is  transformational.   For example, the package includes $110 billion to address the growing  backlog of deficient bridges and roads. This includes $40 billion to  improve our Nation's bridges. In my State of Maine, there are 315  deficient bridges and nearly 1,500 miles of poor roads.   This package provides $25 billion, as well as the flexibility, for  our airports so that they can pursue the projects such as rebuilding or  extending runways and taxiways or expanding their terminals. This  funding will benefit airports of all sizes   The package also bolsters our rail network by including funding for  programs that support crucial capital and rail safety projects. We also  included funding for Amtrak's National Network to help address its  deferred capital needs and to bring new train cars to State-supported  routes, like the Downeaster in Maine.   I am also excited that the bill provides an additional $95 million to  support the University Transportation Centers program. This program  harnesses the research and development expertise at our institutions of  higher education to improve our infrastructure. The University of  Maine, I am proud to say, participates in this program. It is leading  the way by pioneering cutting-edge materials to build more durable,  environmentally friendly roads and bridges at a lower cost.  [[Page S6077]]    I recently participated in a bridge dedication that used the new  materials and techniques that had been developed at the University of  Maine. This bridge will last far longer. Because of the materials that  were used to build it, it has a far lower carbon footprint and is a  really exciting development. This program will be better supported by  the funding in our bill.   The energy title of our bill will provide critical investments in  clean energy demonstration projects and help to protect and harden our  electric grid. Notably, $355 million is included for an energy storage  pilot program, which was authorized through a law I authored known as  the BEST Act.   I am really excited about this because I believe that energy storage  technology will be the breakthrough that we need in the fight against  climate change as far as allowing us to integrate new renewables, such  as wind and solar, into the electric grid. That will, in turn, help to  reduce emissions, but it will also improve the resiliency of our  electric grid.   The funding for coastal resiliency included in this bill will help  protect our Nation's coastline and coastal communities from rising sea  levels, including those in the State of Maine. There is funding that is  included for NOAA's Coastal Resilience Fund to help mitigate the impact  of storms on our communities and lessen flooding that has been so  devastating in many areas of the country.   To further address the infrastructure needs for our ports and  waterways, $7 billion is included for the Army Corps of Engineers to  address the large backlog of authorized projects that have yet to  receive funding. There is also $2.25 billion for the Port  Infrastructure Development Program.   Maintaining access to clean, reliable drinking water is essential to  protecting the health of our public, our environment, our families, our  economy. Our agreement includes investments in drinking water and  wastewater infrastructure.   Although Maine is home to some of the cleanest sources of water in  the country, the increasing and troubling prevalence of pollutants,  like PFAS chemicals--the so-called forever chemicals--require action to  keep our drinking water safe.   There has been contamination in Maine in both public and private  water systems from PFAS. That is why I worked so hard with Senator  Shaheen of New Hampshire to provide funding to help clean up this  source of pollution.   Finally--and, in my view, one of the most important features of this  bill--is the broadband investment. I want to reiterate the significance  of our historic $65 billion investment in broadband.   Senator Shaheen and I worked, literally, night and day to negotiate  this section with our colleagues here in the Senate and with the  administration, particularly Secretary Raimondo at the Department of  Commerce.   This will make a real difference in the lives of Americans,  particularly those living in rural areas who do not have access to  internet service at all in some areas or who have access only to  unreliable, very slow service.   It has become increasingly clear in recent years, and especially in  light of the pandemic, that broadband is no longer a luxury; it is a  necessity. And I can't tell you how many people I have talked to in  Maine about this problem.   I talked to a selectman on Swan's Island, who was telling me that the  residents of Swan's Island were unable to participate in the  telemedicine programs during the height of the COVID pandemic because  they simply lacked access to high-speed internet. That is an example  where healthcare is affected.    There were families in other rural areas of the State where schools  had a hybrid system where families had to drive their children to the  library to find a hotspot in order to connect with the internet for  online education. One family in northern Maine told me it would cost  them $15,000 to be connected to the internet. They can't afford that.  Most people in my State would be unable to afford $15,000 to be  connected to the internet. I also talked to town managers who told me  of employers who had decided to locate their businesses and employ  people elsewhere because of the absence of high-speed, reliable  internet service.   This is why that $65 billion investment is so important and will have  such an impact on people's lives. We have both a deployment section and  an affordability section, and both are a necessity.   Ultimately, this bill is about reinforcing the connections that make  our country more united. The investments in our roads and bridges will  better connect our communities. The investments in our airports will  better connect rural and urban regions. The investments in our highways  and seaports will better connect manufacturers and their customers and  their workers. The investment in high-speed internet will better  connect families, friends, coworkers, employers, healthcare providers,  students, and educators. This investment package is good for America.  It represents a far too rare example of the two parties working  together to produce real results for the American people.   I want to take just a final moment to thank those who were  particularly involved. I want to thank all of my colleagues for their  contributions, but particularly I want to laud the work of Senator Rob  Portman and Senator Kyrsten Sinema, who led our group of 10 Senators--5  Democrats, 5 Republicans. The other Republican Members, in addition to  myself, were Senators Murkowski, Cassidy, and Romney. On the Democratic  side, in addition to Senator Sinema, were Senators Manchin, Shaheen,  Warner, and Tester. All of us worked very hard, and we are grateful for  the ideas and the input that we had from so many of our colleagues.   I also want to thank our staffs. We couldn't have done it without  them. They, too, were here night and day. They haven't had a weekend  off in a very long time.   It is essential that we make this historic investment, and I urge all  of my colleagues in voting tomorrow morning for final passage of this  long-awaited, much needed, bipartisan legislation.   I yield the floor.   