 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, this funding bill insults the intelligence of every  American. Democrats think they can trick the American people into  supporting far-left initiatives if they propose enough special interest  spending funded by hardworking U.S. taxpayers. But we are not so easily  duped.   This bloated behemoth of a bill fritters away our children's future  on duplicative, unnecessary, and unconstitutional programs. The  legislation emboldens overzealous Federal bureaucrats to hound  businesses struggling to recover from the pandemic with excessive  Department of Labor enforcement actions.   Tucked away in the legislation's fine print is a scheme to rig union  elections and undermine the rights of workers. The funding package also  strips resources from public school students, eliminates educational  options for vulnerable children, gives taxpayer dollars to illegal  immigrants, and limits opportunities for our brave veterans.   As senior Republican leader of the Education and Labor Committee, I  reject this radical bill.    Mr. Speaker, my amendment defends religious organizations  under attack from the radical left. Democrat politicians' distrust of  religious entities does not entitle them to ban them unconstitutionally  from participating in Federal programs and contracts.   President Biden and other Democrat politicians continue to target  faith-based entities despite repeated rebuke from the U.S. Supreme  Court. Democrats' unfounded fear of religious Federal contractors is,  in fact, a form of discrimination. Religious organizations that  contract with the Federal Government must still abide by  nondiscrimination laws.   We must protect the valuable Department of Labor regulation that  provides certainty and predictability for Federal contractors and  upholds the rights of all Americans.   Religious freedom is a nonnegotiable right. My amendment upholds the  Constitution and supports the right of religious organizations to do  business with the Federal Government.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote ``yes'' on Foxx amendment 16.   