 Mr. President, I rise today as we approach a final Senate  vote on historic legislation to invest in America's critical  infrastructure, a bipartisan proposal that will make America stronger  and safer, creating good-paying jobs, and expand economic opportunities  across the country.   After months of negotiations, the Senate has now debated our  bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act for nearly 2 weeks in  an open and legislative process. We considered 22 amendments from both  sides of the aisle and voted to adopt many of those amendments. In the  coming hours, the Senate will have the opportunity to approve  legislation that meets the needs of everyday families, employers, and  communities.   For decades, American infrastructure has been crumbling. For decades,  American families have asked Congress for infrastructure investment.  For decades, progress was blocked by partisan disagreements. Now, as  the Senate prepares for a final vote, what will this historic  legislation actually mean for the people we serve?   Our bill will mean better roads by investing a historic $110 billion  to repair and upgrade our roadways, bridges, and other major  transportation projects.   It will mean faster internet for people in more places by investing  $65 billion to deploy high-speed broadband and help families afford  internet service.   It will mean cleaner, more reliable water sources by making the  strongest investment in drinking water and wastewater infrastructure in  U.S. history, including water storage and recycling and drought  contingency plans throughout Western States like Arizona.   It will mean fewer power outages and stronger, more reliable  electricity grids by investing $65 billion in power infrastructure.   It will mean better protections against wildfires by investing in  fire suppression and recovery and the removal of hazardous fuels.   It will mean stronger water and sanitation systems and better  broadband access in Tribal communities, as well as full funding for all  currently authorized Indian water settlements. In Arizona, that  includes the infrastructure for the Southern Arizona Indian water  rights settlement with the Tohono O'odham Nation, completing the Gila  River Indian Community water rights settlement, and funding the White  Mountain Apache Tribe's water rights settlement.   Our legislation will mean safer, more convenient airports by  investing $25 billion to repair and upgrade terminals, runways,  taxiways, and air traffic control towers.   It will mean the strongest investment ever in American public transit  by expanding transit networks, improving accessibility, and funding the  Nation's transit repair backlog of thousands of buses, railcars,  stations, and thousands of miles of track, signals, and power systems.   It will mean the largest investment in clean energy transmission and  electric vehicle infrastructure in U.S. history, electrifying thousands  of school and transit buses, boosting critical materials supply chains,  and building out a national network of electric vehicle charging  stations.   We achieve all of these goals without raising taxes on everyday  Americans.   Strong, reliable infrastructure represents more than pipes and  pavement; it represents the opportunities for Americans to visit loved  ones, for new businesses to open and compete globally, for veterans to  access telemedicine, and for children to learn in safe and effective  ways. That is why our legislation has earned the support of such a wide  cross section of Americans. From the U.S. Chamber of Congress to the  AFL-CIO, from agricultural producers to clean energy leaders, from  healthcare providers to transit advocates to local mayors, the list of  experts and organizations that have endorsed our Infrastructure  Investment and Jobs Act is long enough to take an entire speech just to  list them all. But don't worry, I won't. Rarely does Federal  legislation so directly address issues that matter to all our  constituents, and rarer still does such historic legislation earn broad  support in both parties.    How many times have we heard in recent months that bipartisanship  isn't possible anymore?   We have been asked to accept a new standard by which important policy  can only come together on a party line. And while Americans are more  united than our politics would have you believe, we certainly face  divisions. And, unfortunately, it is not commonplace--and by some, even  expected--for elected leaders to feed those divisions on a daily basis  with extreme and hyperbolic rhetoric, all-or-nothing policy demands,  and toxic partisan attacks.   In Washington, palace intrigue and insider drama often steal the  spotlight from important policy issues, but I promised Arizonans  something different. I chose instead to follow the example of the late  Senator John McCain, who, as the Arizona Republic recently recalled,  refused to demonize the opposition party and worked to reach bipartisan  agreements that tried to bring the country together.   This infrastructure effort is a perfect example of how I work to  deliver results for Arizona. It is the easiest thing in the world for  politicians to stay in their partisan corners, to line up on their  respective sides of every partisan battle, and declare that  bipartisanship is dead. But what is harder is getting out of our  comfort zones and forming coalitions with unlikely allies that can  achieve lasting results--lasting results--rather than temporary  victories destined to be reversed, undermining the certainty that  Americans depend on.   Ask just about any constituent in any of our States about our  country's political divisions, and you will hear a desire from  America's citizens for all of us to find ways to bridge our differences  and work together to address the issues that actually matter to their  daily lives.   Our bipartisan Senate group that negotiated this historic legislation  and those we have partnered with to strengthen the bill throughout this  process provide an example of how to achieve that goal.   In a demonstration of how the Senate was designed to work, the  Senators in our group effectively represented the needs of the regions  we represent: Senator Cassidy in the Deep South and the gulf coast;  Senator Warner in the mid-Atlantic; Senator Manchin in Appalachia; and  Senators Romney and Tester in the West. And with Senator Portman  representing the Midwest, the northeast and Alaska--each with  [[Page S6087]]  unique infrastructure needs--were ably represented by Senators Shaheen,  Collins, and Murkowski.   In what should not be a surprise to anyone, those women in our  bipartisan group brought a no-drama work ethic, policy expertise, and a  knowledge of our region's priorities that earned my designation of them  as the ``Wonder Women.''   I sincerely thank my co-leader in partnering together on this effort,  Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, whose knowledge on issues ranging on  permitting requirements to the Federal budget is matched only by his  steadfast commitment to delivering on this priority for our country.   I am just not sure how we or our teams will manage daily schedules  without the endless meetings, calls and Zooms, negotiating the nuances  of formula funding and CBO scores. Actually, just kidding; we will  manage just fine.   Our bipartisan group eventually grew to include more than 20  Senators, including my fellow home State Senator from Arizona, Mark  Kelly. And a significant portion of our legislation is made up of the  surface transportation reauthorization, which was painstakingly  assembled in serious bipartisan committee negotiations led by Senators  Carper, Capito, Cantwell, Wicker, Brown, Toomey, and many others. Our  proposal is a historic deal for communities across the country because  of their hard work and expertise.   We have also worked very closely with U.S. House leaders and the  Problem Solvers Caucus, whose support will be absolutely crucial as our  legislation moves to the House. Through every step in these  negotiations, President Biden and his team, as well as Majority Leader  Schumer, stood firmly behind us, helping navigate the difficult  challenges; and I am honored that we have also earned the support of  Republican Leader Mitch McConnell as well.   I would like to especially thank my legislative director, Michael  Brownlie, for his hard work; and my entire policy team, who worked  incredibly tirelessly over countless hours; along with our other Senate  staff and President Biden's team at the White House, to help turn our  negotiated framework into this legislation.   And what we have here today is what it looks like when elected  leaders set aside their differences, shut out the noise and  distractions, and just focus on forging common ground around our shared  values. And this is what it looks like for elected leaders to ignore  the extreme rhetoric and the cheap political attacks and put energy  instead into delivering lasting results that matter to everyday  Americans. This is what it looks like when elected leaders take a step  toward healing our country's divisions, rather than feeding those very  divisions.   And with those shared values in mind, I urge my colleagues in both  parties to support the bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs  Act and help show the world that our democracy still works and that we  still lead the world in innovation and competitiveness, and that  Americans can be confident that their government is working for all of  us and is indeed worthy of all of us.   