 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for working with  me on this important legislation and for her unwavering commitment to  defending human rights and demanding accountability, two things that  H.R. 6270 would do.   I also wish to thank Representatives  Jim McGovern and Chris Smith  for their leadership and commend them on their hard work on the Uyghur  Forced Labor Prevention Act, which passed the House overwhelmingly last  week. Both of them have worked tirelessly to shine a light on the  atrocities taking place in Xinjiang.   Speaker Pelosi pointed out that it was Congressman Smith and  Congressman Frank Wolf who, years ago, visited a forced labor camp and  reported back to the U.S. Congress and to the world about what was  happening there.   Frank Wolf held my seat in Virginia's 10th Congressional District for  34 years, so I am proud to continue his important work defending  religious freedom and human rights. For that reason, I rise in strong  support of H.R. 6270, the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act.   This legislation is a critical and long-overdue human rights  disclosure bill that will inform investors and the markets of publicly  traded companies' passive complicity or active exploitation of one of  the most pressing and ongoing human rights violations of our lifetime.   For years, the Government of the People's Republic of China has been  engaged in the mass internment of religious minorities in the Xinjiang  Uyghur Autonomous Region. Because of the well-documented and massive  scale of abuses committed in the region, Xinjiang has become globally  notorious for human rights violations, including the extensive use of  forced labor.   Chinese authorities have used the pretext of terrorism to suspend  civil and political rights, including the internment of more than 1  million Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in reeducation centers  across Xinjiang, where they are subjected to harsh abuse and forbidden  from practicing their religious or cultural beliefs.  [[Page H5065]]    These reeducation centers also function as forced labor camps where  various goods, especially those made from cotton, the region's top  export, are manufactured with forced Uyghur labor and sent to producers  and consumers around the world.   Chinese manufacturers are provided development assistance to build  factories in or near the camps to take advantage of detainee labor.  Through government-sponsored endeavors like the mutual pairing  assistance program, former detainees are transferred from Xinjiang to  other parts of China for factory labor, where they are separated from  their families, live in segregated dormitories, and are assigned  minders who monitor their every move.   It is important to point out that a lot of these workers were  accomplished people in Uyghur society. We are talking about professors,  doctors, and journalists, educated, successful people who had their  livelihoods taken from them. Their only crime was being Uyghur.   Shockingly, reports show that many of these factories supply  manufactured materials for some of the largest companies in the world,  and some of these products are finding their way to U.S. consumers.   The U.S. has banned imports made with forced labor since 1930, and  U.S. companies are required to exercise due diligence in order to  better understand their supply chains and potential links to forced  labor. But traditional human rights due diligence efforts are falling  short in Xinjiang, where forced labor is widespread and systemic in the  regional economy.   Xinjiang is also tightly controlled. Travel to the region is  restricted, making efforts to audit supply chains nearly impossible.  Auditors have reportedly been detained, threatened, and stopped at  airports. Workers are intimidated not to talk.   Just last week, five supply chain auditing organizations pulled out  of Xinjiang, citing restricted access and increased difficulty in  meeting auditing standards.   Despite all of this, international companies continue to source from  Xinjiang or allow products from labor from the region to come into  their supply chains.   My legislation, the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act, would require  the SEC to issue rules requiring publicly traded companies to annually  disclose imports of manufactured goods and materials that originate in  or are sourced from Xinjiang.   Because of the strong likelihood that products from Xinjiang were  created using forced labor from concentration camp prisoners, companies  that import products and materials from the region face greater legal  reputational and financial risks that may impact their short- and long- term value.   Just as important, shareholders and consumers have the right to know  whether their hard-earned dollars are being invested in companies whose  supply chains benefit from forced labor. It is critical that publicly  traded companies disclose this so that investors have the information  that they need to make the best investment decisions possible and to  ensure that no parts of our market or economy utilize forced labor or  are complicit in further violations of human rights.   The gentleman from Michigan believes that sanctions would be a better  option. Sanctions need to be part of the solution, and I, along with  others, pushed the Trump administration to sanction the Chinese  Government officials and entities. When they finally did, I finally  supported that. I firmly agree with what they did.   But sanctions alone aren't effective. We need a multipronged approach  that deals with the supply side and the demand side.   It was mentioned that it is not possible to exercise the kind of due  diligence necessary. What price a human life? There are lots of  opportunities for publicly traded companies to pressure their suppliers  not to take advantage of this forced labor, and it could cause  reputational and financial risks and burdens to the company if they are  found out that they are profiting from this forced labor.   My bill, along with Chairman McGovern's, H.R. 6270, which passed  overwhelmingly last week, sends a strong message that the United States  economy and the financial system will not tolerate human rights abuse.  I urge my colleagues to support the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act.    The gentlewoman will not yield, no.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Michigan raises a couple of points in  his argument saying that H.R. 6270 is redundant because of the McGovern  bill. None of the disclosures that are required by this bill are  required under H.R. 6210, the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. There  is no overlap. In fact, we worked very hard to make sure that the two  bills were complementary.   H.R. 6210 imposes a disclosure obligation for certain activities the  issuer is knowingly engaged in, which is appropriate in certain  circumstances. Import-related activities are covered under H.R. 6270.  The issuer would have an affirmative obligation to know their  suppliers, so they would have to engage in due diligence to determine  whether they were engaging in supporting these forced labor practices.   Companies that continue to import from the region despite the  overwhelming evidence of forced labor practices should, at the very  least, be required to actively audit their supply chains, and that is  what this legislation would require.   Another issue that was brought up by the gentleman from Michigan is  that this is like a supply chain disclosure requirement under Dodd- Frank. Rule 1502 had required publicly traded companies to disclose  whether their products contained certain minerals that have been known  to finance violent conflicts in sub-Saharan Africa, but that comparison  misses the point. The implication is that businesses will find these  disclosure requirements so burdensome that they will have to divest  from the region and local jobs will be lost.   The business environment is not the same in the DRC as it is in  Xinjiang, where free enterprise does not exist and people are being put  into concentration camps and work camps against their will. We should  be pushing companies to reassess their supply chains in Xinjiang and  find alternatives, preferably here in America, where they are not  exploiting forced labor. Unlike legitimate mining jobs in the DRC, we  want these forced labor jobs to go away.    Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition to this motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is trying to make this about  me, and nothing could be further from the truth. This is about the  Uyghur people. This is not about me. This is not about an election.   Before I was even elected to Congress, I met with Uyghur Muslims in  my district. I have one of the largest populations of Uyghur diaspora  in my district, and they told me their horrible stories about relatives  who disappeared into the camps, who perished in those camps. So don't  try to make this about me.   Before I came to Congress, I served in the Virginia State Senate, and  there we had an expression for when people tried to change our bills on  the floor or on the fly, and that was, ``Get your own bill.''   It is disappointing that my Republican colleagues are politicizing  this issue and opposing this bill, especially when we have been hearing  for so long how Democrats are weak on China. But, when given the chance  to hold the Chinese Government responsible for gross human rights  abuses and reveal the extent of the system of forced labor, it turns  out Republicans aren't all that interested.   Crimes against humanity, and perhaps even genocide, are being  committed by the Chinese Government. Republicans talk a good game, but  only if it doesn't create any kind of burden on U.S. corporations or  their profit margins, profit that may be earned off of the backs of  slave labor.   During debate on this bill, the other side made it clear that they  don't believe that corporations, publicly traded companies, should be  held responsible for knowing the origins of their products. The other  side is saying that companies can turn a blind eye to genocide and not  have to disclose to their shareholders about the use of slave labor in  their supply chains.   This MTR is more of the same. It neuters the bill and adds a sense of  Congress. Well, Congress has a sense already: The exploitation and  enslavement of the Uyghurs must stop. Americans don't want to purchase  goods made with slave labor.   So maybe my colleagues are following the lead of the President, who  seems to be okay with what is happening in Xinjiang. When given the  opportunity to confront Xi over the mass internment of Uyghurs, Trump  actually encouraged them to carry on building the camps. He said it was  ``the right thing to do.'' That is according to his former National  Security Advisor, John Bolton.   With only the interpreters present, Xi had explained to Trump why he  was basically building concentration camps in Xinjiang. According to  our interpreter, Trump said that Xi should go ahead and build the  camps, which Trump thought was exactly the right thing to do.   Maybe you don't believe John Bolton--I certainly question his  integrity--but Donald Trump admitted it. When he was asked, he said:  ``Well, we were in the middle of a major trade deal.''  [[Page H5070]]    Mr. Speaker, we are better than this. With this bill, we can stand up  against forced labor; we can stand up against genocide; we can stand up  for religious freedom and the Uyghur people by defeating this motion to  recommit and passing the Uyghur Forced Labor Disclosure Act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   