 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, none of us in this body is naive enough  not to understand the challenges the People's Republic of China  represents to our country and to the world. But this bill, which  threatens to further incite the tensions already tearing at the fabric  of our Nation--this time targeting Asians and Asian Americans--is not  the answer.   Yes, we know about how the PRC has targeted our intellectual property  and sought to benefit from the research excellence and technological  insights developed by our universities and our companies--all for its  own scientific and military advancement, all to support an  authoritarian system that is dangerous both to living within and  outside its borders.   But taking advantage of this moment of fear and division in our  country to stoke xenophobia and paint an entire people as guilty by  association is not the right way to address this challenge. It is not  the American way.   If we have specific counterintelligence threats, let's have our  intelligence and law enforcement communities target the threats. I have  faith and confidence in their ability to do so if provided the right  leadership.   Rather than take that sort of discriminate approach, this bill just  discriminates. Even setting aside that blanket moratoriums are the  wrong way to deal with the situation at hand, the AAPI community is  right to be suspicious that Senate Republicans aren't putting forth any  bills today barring visas for nationals from our other adversaries,  such as Russia. They are doing it only when it comes to China.   If we need to work more closely with our universities to make sure  they understand who they are engaged with--as students, in accepting  donations--then we can do so without attacking an entire group because  of their ethnicity or national background but with little other basis  or rationale.   We can do better. We as a nation must do better. We cannot and should  not go back to the days when there were signs that said ``No Irish Need  Apply'' or when we had quotas for different races and religions at our  major universities, let alone the days of the Chinese Exclusion Act.  That is not the right direction for America, and it is not the America  any of us should be seeking to build.   Unfortunately, there are too many today who would rather see us  fractionalized as a nation--who would rather see us divided, not  united. In fact, few things would make the PRC happier than to see this  sort of legislation go forward because it achieves their end.   So let's take a serious approach to the challenges that we face with  the PRC, with safeguarding our universities, our intellectual property,  and our scientific research. But let us also take an approach that is  consistent with our values as a nation. We can do both. We can and will  do better.   I object.   