 Mr. President, when you hear the word ``infrastructure,''  what comes to mind? For folks across Iowa, it is roads; it is bridges,  locks and dams, ports, waterways, and broadband. But according to the  Biden administration, infrastructure is now a buzzword that encompasses  just about every item on the progressive wish list. As a result, the  President's infrastructure proposal takes a very sharp left turn by  including everything from elements of the socialist Green New Deal to  higher taxes on American workers.   Some of my Democratic colleagues are even urging the President to  include a pathway to citizenship for millions of undocumented  immigrants in the infrastructure package.   How about we make the wall on our southern border infrastructure?   Probably to no one's surprise, once again, the Senate majority leader  is plotting to pass the bill in a totally partisan process.   Folks, we really need to pump the brakes. The Democrats are steering  us the wrong way on this issue. Infrastructure is an issue that has  always enjoyed broad bipartisan support in Congress.   We may disagree on how much to spend or how to pay for the costs, but  we all agree that maintaining and improving our roads, bridges, ports,  and waterways is one of the most important roles of the Federal  Government's. There is no reason to drive us apart on such an important  issue that typically brings us together and impacts all of our States.   But President Biden is on a one-way street to more gridlock. Only  about 5 to 6 percent of the $2.2 trillion of the Biden proposal is  dedicated to roads and bridges. The Biden plan spends less fixing  potholes and repairing roads than it does on promoting electric  vehicles and perks for the coastal elites who drive them, and you had  better believe that this could have a devastating impact on Iowa's  ethanol and biodiesel industries, which support our States' local  economies. Even the liberal Washington Post is taking issue with the  Democratic administration's claim that 19 million jobs will be created  by the proposal. The real number is less than 3 million. Each job  created by this so-called American Jobs Act will cost our taxpayers  $865,000, and because American workers will bear the brunt of the  higher taxes in the Biden plan, that will mean lower wages. These costs  are sure to give taxpayers road rage.   There is no reason to take this radical left turn. Last Congress, the  Democrats and the Republicans on the Senate's Environment and Public  Works Committee, which I serve on, worked together to unanimously pass  out of committee an important infrastructure bill to help fix our  roadways. This highway bill provides us with a great starting point to  move us forward in the right direction--toward a bipartisan  infrastructure plan. This 5-year, $287 billion bill was the largest  highway bill in history, and it was supported by Senators from across  the political spectrum who represented States from Vermont and New York  to Alabama, Mississippi, and, of course, Iowa.   In hailing from a very rural part of Iowa, I am all for looking at  ways to invest in broadband expansion, to support our roadways, and to  make sure we have the right infrastructure in place to combat flooding  in my home State. Those are true infrastructure needs and are the ones  that I believe would get strong bipartisan support in a 50-50 Senate,  but by throwing in progressive policy wish list items and  noninfrastructure-related provisions, the Biden plan is headed down a  dead-end street.   The President needs to do a U-turn and start working with the  Republicans on a bipartisan roadmap for America. By putting aside the  partisan pet projects--projects like the Honolulu High-Capacity Transit  Corridor Project--and picking up where we left off, with the  unanimously bipartisan highway bill, we can steer the infrastructure  bill into the passing lane under the Senate's regular order.   So, folks, let's come together and literally start building some  bipartisan bridges.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I rise to speak in opposition to the  nomination of Mr. Colin Kahl to be Under Secretary of Defense for  Policy.   The position of Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is essentially  the third most senior leadership position in the Department of Defense.  It requires a leader of tremendous experience and knowledge, someone  with the ability to separate politics from policy. With the many  national security challenges our Nation and the Pentagon face, this  position requires a measured, rational, and deliberate leader. It needs  a leader who puts the safety and security of the American people ahead  of scoring one more point on the political board. The head of policy at  the Pentagon needs to be someone we as a country can trust with some of  our most delicate secrets. The reality is, Mr. Kahl does not meet the  standard for this position.   Secretary of Defense Austin and his Deputy, Dr. Kathleen Hicks, have  affirmed before the Senate what the national defense strategy  articulated: The most pressing strategic challenge facing our country  is Communist China. We know the threat from China is long-lasting and  very serious. The complex actions and efforts of the CCP are disrupting  the global order and reducing our national security. These actions  demand expertise in the development and leadership of our national  defense.   When it comes to President Biden's pick for the head of defense  policy, Mr. Kahl--well, Mr. Kahl lacks any meaningful experience and  has only a sparse record of thought on China or anything in the broader  Indo-Pacific region, for that matter. The United States cannot afford  this lack of knowledge and experience in a top Pentagon official.   Now, folks, we can also look to his judgment as a matter of concern.  Mr. Kahl has a record of leniency toward Iran--the world's leading  state sponsor of terrorism--and belligerence to Israel.   On Iran, I would note that this administration is already not taking  seriously the threat Tehran poses. Iran flagrantly continues to enrich  its uranium and inch closer and closer to obtaining a nuclear weapon.  We, the American people, cannot afford for this administration to play  footsie with Iran and kowtow to its demands of sanctions relief.   Based on Kahl's record, he would be one more advocate at the table  pushing to get the United States back into the failed Iran nuclear  agreement. Frankly, when it comes to Iran and Israel, Mr. Kahl couldn't  be more wrong in his understanding of who our friends are and who the  real threats to America are.   If I am honest, I am deeply dismayed that we are even to this point  in consideration. The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy must be a  steadfast, measured, and discreet public official. Mr. Kahl has proven  to be the complete opposite. He is brash and unserious in his public  rhetoric. In fact, he has called Republicans ``the party of ethnic  cleansing,'' and he played the role of Chicken Little in claiming ``we  are all going to die'' if one former White House adviser were replaced  for another. His hysterical--yes, hysterical--public comments may have  even compromised classified information.   That is why I have joined with many of my colleagues in calling for  an FBI investigation of his handling of classified information. In  having led troops overseas during Operation Iraqi Freedom--serving in  our military for over 23 years--I believe our servicemembers deserve  someone who will take a serious, nonpartisan outlook to policy, apply  measured thought to his actions, and real, qualifying experience to a  most critical job.   Mr. Kahl is far from meeting that standard. I strongly, strongly  oppose his nomination and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to do the same.   I yield the floor.   