 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Cicilline for  yielding to me.   I am honored to join my colleagues tonight to mark Pride Month. I  should know note, San Diego actually officially celebrates Pride in  July. So I am happy I get an extra month to celebrate with all of you.   Madam Speaker, I stand here today as the proud sister to a trans  brother and a gender nonconforming sibling; a proud member of the LGBTQ  Equality Caucus; and the proud representative of Hillcrest, the heart  and soul of San Diego's diverse and vibrant LGBTQ-plus community.   This year has been difficult for so many of us, but especially for  the LGBTQ-plus community. COVID-19 took friends, family members, and  beloved community leaders from us. It forced so many into isolation;  closed our communal spaces; and added to the economic, mental health,  physical health, and childcare burdens.   And to all of the young people stuck at home, away from their  friends, and may be with family who doesn't accept you, know this: You  are perfect just the way you are and we need you.   But during this pandemic, San Diego's LGBTQ-plus community also  rallied together to support one another and to support our community at  large. The San Diego LGBTQ Community Center hosted food banks and made  home deliveries for folks who were homebound. San Diego Pride hosted  vaccine events for LGBTQ-plus people of color, trans, and non-binary  people, and those living with HIV.   And next month, at long last, we will finally be able to celebrate  Pride together again in person. And as we celebrate, we are also  focused on the future. I am proud to work alongside all our LGBTQ-plus  siblings to fight for an end to discrimination in all its forms based  on sex, sexual orientation, and gender identity.   Earlier this year, I was honored to join every one of my Democratic  colleagues as an original cosponsor of the Equality Act, legislation  that will be life-changing for so many of my constituents.   The first version of this bill was filed 15 years before I was even  born. It had one cosponsor and never got a vote. It is humbling to  think about the progress that has happened in my lifetime, progress  that was made possible by all those who marched and protested and  raised their voices. I am proud to work alongside all of you to  continue that work. We will keep up the fight until everyone has equal  rights under the law.   