 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman Thompson for  his leadership on this important legislation and for his commitment to  the men and women who keep our airports and travelers safe.   I am proud to cosponsor this bipartisan bill because I share the  chairman's commitment to ensuring that the TSA workforce receives the  rights that they have earned.   I am also proud to lead this amendment, which would codify the  administration's ban on TSA employees using or installing the app  TikTok on their government-issued phones.   While to some TikTok may seem like a harmless app, TikTok presents a  significant counterintelligence threat. Our intelligence experts are  rightly concerned about the use of the TikTok app, especially on U.S.  Government-issued devices.   As many of my colleagues know, TikTok, like other Chinese companies,  [[Page H1514]]  is required under Chinese law to share information with the government  and its institutions. There are real concerns that this app could also  collect information on users in the United States to advance Chinese  counterintelligence efforts. And because it could become a tool for  surveilling U.S. citizens or Federal personnel, TikTok has no business  being on U.S. Government-issued devices.   While entrusted with keeping Americans safe, our security personnel  should not use apps that could compromise Federal Government data.  There is always a threat that TikTok could be used to compromise  government devices, including those used in our airports and among our  airport personnel. That is why this amendment is so important and why  we should pass it without delay.   Recently, the TSA announced a prohibition on employees using or  downloading TikTok on their government-issued work phones, and my  amendment would make this ban law. Other government agencies and  departments have instituted a prohibition on the use of TikTok on  government-issued phones including the U.S. Army, the State Department,  and the Department of Homeland Security.   TSA is right to institute this policy, especially as TikTok refuses  to provide more transparency into some of its more controversial  practices and use.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on my amendment to  keep our government devices and our airports safe from potential  foreign surveillance, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this  amendment and to continue protecting our Nation, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   