 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman DeFazio for his tremendous  leadership and work on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2, the Moving Forward  Act, which includes $100 billion in critical funding for our Nation's  affordable housing infrastructure to create or preserve approximately  1.8 million affordable homes. While we need stronger and better roads  and bridges, they mean nothing for families who don't have a roof over  their head or who are forced to live in substandard housing.   This country is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis. It is a  crisis of tragic proportions that has resulted in over 550,000 people  experiencing homelessness and nearly 38 million renter households  paying unaffordable rent even before this crisis began.   The public health crisis that we are currently experiencing has  exacerbated matters with millions of Americans across the country  having lost their jobs and struggling to afford housing costs.  Communities of color continue to suffer disproportionately, both from  the virus and the resulting economic damage. The investments into  affordable housing through this bill will not only increase and improve  the supply of affordable housing, but it will also create jobs  throughout the country and generate revenue for State and local  governments which will go a long way to help our economy recover from  the pandemic.   So I want to thank Speaker Pelosi and, of course, again, Chairman  DeFazio for their work putting together this legislative package.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of  legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2 and this en bloc  amendment.   I thank my colleague, Chairman Peter DeFazio, for his work on this  bill and for including my amendment to assist airport concessionaires.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment requires airports that receive supplemental  airport funding to provide financial relief to airport concessionaires  experiencing economic hardship. This amendment is a critical down  payment toward the long-term financial assistance needed by  concessionaires that are a vital part of our Nation's air travel  system.   Concessionaires are small businesses and often minority-owned  businesses. They are completely dependent upon thriving airports and  robust demand for air travel. As the coronavirus continues to wreak  havoc on the aviation industry, concessionaires need targeted relief.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment.  [[Page H2962]]        