 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the NSF for the Future  Act, a bipartisan bill to revitalize one of the most important pillars  of our Federal Government's investments in innovation, the National  Science Foundation.   I certainly want to recognize the great work of Chairwoman Johnson  and Ranking Member Lucas for their leadership in developing this  forward-looking legislation. I was so proud to help usher it through my  Subcommittee on Research and Technology.   The commitment to bipartisan collaboration and engagement with a wide  range of stakeholders has resulted in a carefully crafted bill that  provides a much-needed infusion of funding and addresses needs across  the agency's portfolio.   The NSF for the Future Act has been endorsed by nearly 50  organizations, including the AFL-CIO, American Society of Civil  Engineers, the Semiconductor Industry Association, and higher education  institutions across the country.   The bill puts forth a suite of sweeping proposals, from scaling up  preK-12 STEM education research innovations and modernizing higher  education student training to funding more research infrastructure and  expanding opportunities to participate in NSF-funded projects.   The NSF for the Future Act also supports the evolution of the NSF by  ramping up support for use-inspired and translational research through  the creation of a partnership-driven, solutions-oriented directorate.   The National Science Foundation plays a pivotal role in our research  ecosystem. As the only Federal agency charged with supporting  fundamental research across all scientific disciplines, we cannot risk  undermining or diminishing this function. Our capacity to innovate will  be constrained if we choke off the flow of fundamental research  dollars.   As members of the Science Committee, we know all too well what is at  stake and what we are doing to conduct our due diligence here today. We  have held hearing after hearing to explore the challenges and  opportunities for advancing NSF's mission through a comprehensive  reauthorization bill.   We heard from the NSF's director and chair of the National Science  Board that the agency is poised to take on an infusion of funding and  an expansion of its mission to deliver the benefits of research to the  American people.   We heard from stakeholders all across the country in academia and  from the private sector and innovation policy experts that the NSF is  an essential asset that has been squeezed by flat budgets for too long.   Yes, here today is a bipartisan effort to commit to doubling  scientific research funding in this country. We all remember the  headline we got several years ago that diminished the funding for this  agency, that gave us the projection of a lost generation in scientific  research, yet here today we are committed to action because innovation  is the great propellor of this Nation.   The challenges--the unique challenges that we have faced in the 21st  century have been bested time and time again because of what we do as  Americans: We innovate. And I know that all too well as a Member of  Congress from Michigan dedicated to the production and the patents and  the hard work to produce results.   Increasing the budget of the NSF is also not nearly enough. A new  directorate charged with use-inspired research with a focus on  expanding opportunities, forging new partnerships, and engagement with  the public is needed to chart the course forward for this agency. It is  time.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   