 Mr. President, I come to the floor today appalled by  what appears to be a total betrayal of troops by the man who is  supposed to be their Commander in Chief, a man who swore an oath to  support and defend our Constitution from our Nation's enemies.   This weekend, news broke that Russia offered bounties to Taliban- linked militants for the murders of U.S. troops and other coalition  forces in Afghanistan--bounties that have reportedly led to the death  of at least one American servicemember, and there may have been more.  Yet, while numerous news outlets have confirmed that Donald Trump was  briefed on the matter months ago, his administration still hasn't taken  any apparent steps to push back against Russia's blatant and  provocative act of aggression. In fact, far from authorizing any  normal, reasonable, expected retaliation, Trump has actually refused to  issue even a cold word about the foreign adversary colluding with  terrorists to kill Americans in exchange for cash. Instead, he has  continued to heap praise on Russia and the tyrant at its helm,  describing the ``great friendship'' between our countries as recently  as last month, long after he reportedly learned about the bounty  scheme.   Despite many independent news reports claiming otherwise, the White  House spent the weekend denying that Trump was ever told of this  intelligence. Well, saying that Trump administration officials are  prone to lying is like saying they are prone to breathing, but there  are two possible scenarios before us. Both are damning for the man who  is supposed to be in charge.   The first is that Trump was never actually looped in. In this case,  ignorance isn't exculpatory. ``I didn't know that our adversary was  helping kill American troops because no one told me'' is not an excuse  for the Commander in Chief of the greatest military on Earth. It is, in  fact, a confession of incompetence.   If he was truly never told, then that means that his own staff either  believes he is so compromised by Russia or they consider him so  counterproductive to the running of the country that they thought it  necessary to hide critical information about our national security from  him.   If it is true that those who knew of this threat to American lives  failed to tell the President, then we should expect a President with  such an affinity for firing senior officials to have no qualms about  acting swiftly to remove Cabinet officials who failed to share this  critical information with him.   The second and far more likely option is that they are covering for  him; that Trump knew--that of course Trump knew--yet he still did not  act; that this ``America first'' President went right on placing  Russian interests ahead of American lives, kept on acting as Putin's  lackey, trying to score Russia an invite back into what would be the  G8, even as he learned that they were working with terrorists to target  our troops. Then, when the news finally broke on Friday, he decided to  lie about what he had known all along, focused more on protecting his  own personal reputation than protecting the troops sacrificing for our  country overseas on his orders.    Well, at least one American servicemember is reportedly dead as a  result  [[Page S3640]]  of these bounties. While he spent his weekend golfing, lying, and  making sure the buck stopped anywhere but with him, our troops in  hotspots around the world were forced to wonder whether they might be  next, whether a bounty might be placed on their head tomorrow, and  whether President Trump would even care enough to respond if that was  the case. Once again, Donald Trump has abdicated any semblance of real  leadership.   Look, even if we somehow swallow the pill that the Trump  administration is so incompetent that no one ever told Trump that a  foreign power conspired to commit acts of terror against our troops, it  still wouldn't explain his response now that he does know. Not once-- not once--since the story broke has he expressed his sorrow for those  who lost a loved one or expressed awe at the bravery of the  servicemembers who are in harm's way because they love their country so  much that they are willing to go to a war zone for her.   He has had time to call Joe Biden names, however. He has had time to  retweet a video promoting White power. He has had time to promote  conspiracy theories and bolster Russia propaganda by questioning the  American intelligence experts who work for him. Not once--not once in  the past 72 hours has he found the time to express outrage that  American service men and women are dead. We, the American people,  should be outraged by what he is choosing to prioritize instead.   I am racking my brain for any justifiable reason for Trump's  reaction. Does he think that maybe there are good people on both sides  of this debate too--in the debate between killing American troops and  protecting them?   Does he think that the word of Vladimir Putin is just as good as the  dedicated public servants and intelligence officers who put themselves  at great risk to make sure he has the best, most accurate information  to make national security decisions?   Does he think that not retaliating will help bury the issue and that  by burying the issue, it will help keep his poll numbers from sinking  any lower?   Make no mistake--not responding here is a response in its own way,  and it is a response that further endangers our national security. Just  as he did when he pandered to another tyrant and announced he would  sweep our troops out of Syria last fall, just as he did when he wanted  to look tough by ordering the assassination of Iranian General Qasem  Soleimani last year, he has put Americans in war zones in even greater  danger than they were in already--in greater danger than they needed to  be.   By refusing to call out this wrong, by decrying the reports as fake  news, by being so incompetent in matters ranging from foreign policy to  common decency, Donald Trump is making it more likely that other  hostile powers will work with other terrorist networks to exchange  other American lives for stacks of cash. He has made it more likely  that more spouses will be widowed and more moms and dads will turn into  Gold Star parents.   Listen, I ran for Congress so that when the drums of war started  beating, I would be in a position to ensure that our elected officials  fully considered the true cost of war--not just in dollars and cents  but in human lives. If that war must occur, then of course I will  support it, but what I never ever imagined was that I would have to  come to the floor of the Senate to point out that the American  President should be angry--even furious--when another nation puts a  bounty on the heads of our troops; that I would have to be here to  point out for our President that the Commander in Chief of the most  powerful fighting force the world has ever known should act like a  Commander in Chief.   Those troops deserve to know what the administration is doing to  protect them and why Trump has, so far, failed to take any action to  protect them. That is one reason why I am demanding a Senate hearing to  hear testimony from the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State,  the Director of the CIA, and others so we can get to the bottom of this  once and for all.   Donald Trump has never understood what words like ``sacrifice'' or  ``courage'' mean, so how dare he let his own personal cowardice, his  inability, or--even worse--his disinterest in standing up to Vladimir  Putin lead to a reality where those Americans who are actually brave  enough to put on a uniform and serve are put at greater risk. How dare  he let his own personal insecurities and failings endanger our national  security.   In the face of all he has done, all he continues to refuse to do, how  dare he still call himself the Commander in Chief.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   