 Mr. President, like all Americans, Nevadans have  been through a difficult 2 years. Our State was one of the hardest hit  by the pandemic. Nevada relies on tourism and the travel industry, and  with the country in lockdown, a huge proportion of our families saw  layoffs or furloughs. In fact, we had one of the highest unemployment  rates in the country at one time: 30 percent.   For those families, the middle-class tax cuts we passed in the  American Rescue Plan have been an incredible lifeline. Today, I am  joining my colleagues to stand up for extending these tax cuts. It is  so important that we get this done for people not only in the Silver  State but across the country.   In many cases, this is money that Nevadans have earned, and it really  needs to go back into their pockets. We are talking about a tax cut  that benefits the vast majority of families in Nevada.   In July of this year, because of the American Rescue Plan, the child  tax credit increased to $300 per month for children under 6 years of  age and $250 a month for children between 6 and 17 years of age.  Working families with two young kids are receiving more than $500 a  month back from the government to help them make ends meet, and it is  making a tremendous difference. Over 594,000 children in Nevada and  their families qualify for this money.   I have heard story after story from people in the Silver State about  the way the money is supporting their children. Some families are using  the money for rent, to make sure that their kids don't suffer from  housing insecurity. Others use it for clothes for their children or  schoolbooks and other school supplies.   Lori Munoz from Henderson, NV, told the Las Vegas Sun that she uses  it for school lunches and other school expenses. She said, ``You always  think, `oh, it's some extra money.' It's never extra money. . . . Kids  always need, there's always something that needs to be bought.''   Many families use it just for food on the table. After those first  payments were issued in July, the number of adults reporting that  children in their households didn't have enough to eat fell by one- third.   And Jessie Cartinella from Reno told me that receiving the monthly  payments let her stay afloat as a single mom on a teacher's salary and  kept her from running up credit card bills. She said, and I quote:  ``Thanks to the Advance Child Tax Credit, I've mostly avoided this and  been able to pay bills and even enjoy special outings with my children.  The Child Tax Credit encourages my family to make better choices in  general--affording me assistance with quality childcare, options for  healthier products and food, and providing the opportunity to  participate in extracurricular activities that I believe are critical  to a kid's social and physical development.''   That was Jessie. And that is why it was so beneficial to her family  and her children.   Social interactions are so important for kids' mental health as well,  and we have known that throughout this pandemic. Treanna James, a  single mom in Las Vegas, used her extra funds to take her two sons to  visit an uncle and an aunt in northern California for the first time  since the pandemic began. Because of underlying medical issues, they  had to be very careful about travel; but she said the child tax credit  helped make it possible for them to spend time with family again at  Thanksgiving.   So these tax cuts have really been key for Nevada families. Now, they  are set to expire at the end of 2021, but the budget proposal that we  are considering extends them for 1 more year.   Our hard-working families want us to keep this critical support going  to them. This is not the time to make it harder for people to keep a  roof over their heads or give their kids the essentials they need.   So let's make sure Nevadans can keep that money that they have earned  and extend these middle-class tax cuts to Nevadans and all families  across the country. Let's support the working people. Let's support  hard-working individuals every day and help them with their economic  recovery.   I yield the floor.   