 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her tremendous leadership over time to remove obstacles of  participation to our democracy, whether it is a voting rights act for  all, or whether it is observing the 100th anniversary of women having  the right to vote, and whether it is about giving full participation in  our democracy to the District of Columbia.   I am proud to join her in wearing this mask. It says ``51st,'' and  that is why this legislation is H.R. 51, D.C. statehood, which I will  talk about now.   But Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton has been brilliant,  relentless, persistent, dissatisfied about the lack of full  participation for her constituents in the work of Congress. So I salute  her as the patron saint and guiding star of D.C. statehood, even before  she came to Congress, but since she came to Congress, she has worked  tirelessly and relentlessly to build historic support for this bill.  She gives us the honor of participating in this historic vote, wherein  the House of Representatives, for the first time, will vote for  statehood for the District.    D.C. statehood, Mr. Speaker, is both an official and a personal  priority for me. My colleagues have heard me say this, but I will say  it again. When I was born, my father was a Member of Congress from  Baltimore, Maryland. He was on the Appropriations Committee, and he  served as the chair of the D.C. appropriations subcommittee.   At that time, they tell me, that person would be regarded as the  mayor, unofficial mayor, of Washington because that Appropriations  Committee made all the decisions, so many decisions, for the District  of Columbia. He was a big supporter of home rule, seeing from that  perspective the unfairness of it all, a big supporter of home rule.   In any event, he did his job in a way to try to make a path, and it  passed; then later, home rule; then later a mayor and the rest; and  now, to where we are now.   Yesterday, someone said: Can you find middle ground? This is middle  ground, the status quo. We have to go forward.   I later had the privilege of serving on the Appropriations Committee,  on the District of Columbia subcommittee, and I saw the obstacles to  home rule that some in our Congress would put forth, diminishing the  self-determination that the people of the District of Columbia should  have.   Statehood for the District is about showing respect for our  democracy. It is not just about the District. It is about our  democracy, for the American people and for our U.S. Constitution, yes.   The Constitution begins with our beautiful preamble, ``We the  People,'' setting out our Founder's vision of a government of, by, and  for the people of the United States. It doesn't say, ``except for the  District of Columbia.''   Yet, for more than two centuries, the residents of Washington, D.C.,  have been denied their right to fully participate in our democracy.  Instead, they have been dealt the injustice of paying taxes, serving in  the military, and contributing to the economic power of our Nation,  while being denied the full enfranchisement that is their right.  Serving in the military, fighting, risking their lives for our  democracy, fundamental to that democracy is representative government.  They were willing to risk their lives for a principle, for a value, for  our democracy, while where they lived was being denied that full  opportunity.   Today, by passing H.R. 51, the Washington, D.C. Admission Act, to  admit the State of Washington, Douglass Commonwealth--State of  Washington, Douglass Commonwealth--to the Union--that would be  Frederick Douglass, from Maryland but who lived in the District of  Columbia, an abolitionist and a suffragist, actually. He was in Seneca  Falls at the Conference of Women, coming together for women having the  right to vote, so much about our democracy and voting for all  Americans.   In doing so today, we will bring our Nation closer to the founding  ideals that all are created equal and all deserve a say in our  democracy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a bipartisan vote, I hope, again, but a strong  vote in the House for this very important legislation, legislation  important to our democracy, to our Constitution.   I thank, again, and salute Eleanor Holmes Norton for her leadership,  working with our distinguished leader, Mr. Hoyer, for whom this has  been a priority. I am proud that this is on the floor today.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank you and him for making this important memorial possible for us  today.   I rise to solemnly join my colleagues to honor the 49 beautiful souls  murdered 4 years ago in an unfathomable act of hatred and bloodshed at  the Pulse nightclub in Orlando.   I thank Congressman Darren Soto for giving us this opportunity of  observing and for being a voice for peace and healing for all of those  affected.   Pulse was a peaceful haven where young LGBTQ Americans could enjoy  music, dancing, and celebration, knowing they were in a sanctuary of  safety and solidarity.   Pulse was a monument to joy, a tribute to resilience and pride born  out of the grief that Barbara Poma experienced after losing her  brother, John, to AIDS. That was her motivation for starting that.   May the grief that we experience now at the loss of 49 who were  murdered move us to turn our pain into purpose. This poster is all of  them.   But some time after the terrible tragedy, we stood on the steps of  the Capitol, holding their individual pictures. At that time, we said:  We will never forget.   Thank you for giving us the opportunity to keep that promise to turn  pain into purpose.   Shortly after the horrific act of hatred at Pulse, I had the solemn  privilege of traveling to Orlando and meeting with survivors and  families who had lost loved ones. Their message to the Congress, to a  person that I met with there, was: Please, do something to stop gun  violence.   Yet, painfully, since that tragic night, the horror that we saw in  Orlando has been replicated in countless other communities across the  country. In too many places, the epidemic of gun violence has killed  too many innocent people and left too many families suffering  unimaginable pain and loss.   As one of the first actions of our majority last year, the House took  action to end the bloodshed by passing H.R. 8 and H.R. 1112, H.R. 8 so  designated because it had been 8 years since the assault on the life of  our colleague Gabby Giffords.   She survived. She is doing remarkable things, in terms of trying to  end gun violence. But other people died. Hence, H.R. 8, as it was 8  years since. Then, H.R. 1112 was Mr. Clyburn's legislation to address  what happened in South Carolina.   485 days, nearly 500 days, later, we continue to urge the Senate to  take up this legislation, supported broadly, Democrats, independents,  Republicans, gun owners, hunters, many of whom have had to pass  background checks in order to have their guns and to enjoy their sport  and protect themselves. They are not against background checks. Across  the country, this has broad support, nonpartisan support.   Yet, in the Congress of the United States, there is resistance to  that safety of simply commonsense background checks. It isn't as if we  were starting something new. This is just an expansion of the  background checks that already exist to include gun shows and online  sales, et cetera, just an expansion.  [[Page H2548]]    I remind my colleagues that an average of 100 people die every day  from gun violence. Let me restate, it has been almost 500 days since  the House passed those bills and the Senate has failed to take it up-- almost 500 times 100 a day.   We see the consequences. Not that all of them would have been saved,  but some, many, would have. Many have been saved since the original  background check legislation passed.   Four years later, 4 years after Pulse, our grief remains raw. But our  resolve to end the deadly scourge of gun violence and hatred-- discrimination, that it was about, too--remains unwavering.   Strengthened by the memories of those who were lost to gun violence-- 49 souls here, and so many others--inspired by the spirit of hope that  we celebrate during Pride Month, especially this weekend, let us never  relent in our mission to end the horror of gun violence once and for  all and end discrimination against anyone in our community.   Madam Speaker, I thank and commend Mr. Soto, and I urge a ``yes''  vote.   