 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the INVEST  in America Act.   This comprehensive bill builds our economy back better than before,  creates good-paying jobs, and tackles climate change.   In the Kansas Third, there is a particular highway that has been a  priority since my predecessor's predecessor. It is the busiest four- lane road in the State, experiencing increased crashes and constant  congestion.   Folks in our district disagree on plenty, but not this. U.S. 69 must  be addressed.   I am now the vice chair of the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee, the first Kansan to serve on the committee in a decade. I am  proud to say this bill puts us one step closer to bringing home the  Federal investment necessary to reduce congestion, increase safety, and  attract economic development.   It also includes two provisions I introduced on resiliency and  responsible financing, saving taxpayer money and bringing smart  investments home.   For the people sitting in traffic, waiting for the bus in Wyandotte  County, or wondering why that one road floods every year no matter how  many times we fix it, this cannot wait. If we fail to act, these  authorizations will run out by October.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the INVEST in America  Act to create jobs and propel our infrastructure into the modern era.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 508,  I rise to offer amendments en bloc No. 5.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this en bloc amendment, which  provides for the consideration of 25 individual amendments to address  both drinking and wastewater infrastructure concerns.   Mr. Speaker, these amendments make several improvements to the  underlying legislation, including increasing Federal investment in  failing or insufficient septic systems, which is a pervasive water  quality and human health challenge facing many of our rural and  economically disadvantaged communities, including those from Oregon,  Alabama, and New York;   Addressing emerging pollution concerns, including so-called flushable  wipes that are clogging our Nation's sewers, and the discharge of  plastic pellets into our waste stream;   Addressing several local water quality challenges, including  transboundary sewage flows that have adversely affected the San Diego  region, the inadequate wastewater infrastructure in the U.S.-Mexico  border region, and the legacy radiological contamination of Coldwater  Creek in St. Louis, Missouri;   Clarifying audit and reporting requirements for EPA's Green Project  Reserve; and   Focusing additional attention on potential discrimination and civil  rights violations in water infrastructure funding so we can ensure  these programs equitably help all communities address their long-term  wastewater concerns.   Each of these amendments further strengthens the ability of this bill  to address the water and wastewater infrastructure needs of this Nation  in a way that protects public health and our environment; creates well- paying jobs here in the United States; and addresses the historic water  infrastructure challenges that is facing our rural, small, and  economically disadvantaged communities.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the members for working with the Committee on  Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Energy and  Commerce to improve this bill and urge passage of this en bloc  amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Missouri (Ms. Bush).    Mr. Speaker, I wish to yield 2\1/2\ minutes to  the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas  an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from Texas (Mr. Green).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Stevens).    No, I do not, Mr. Speaker, and I am prepared to  close.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support  these amendments en bloc, and I yield back the balance of my time.   