 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Dr.  Lorna Breen Healthcare Provider Protection Act, which will finally  provide resources and support to our healthcare heroes who face burnout  and mental health crisis as a result of their experiences with COVID- 19.   America owes an incredible debt of gratitude to these professionals  who work to keep us safe and healthy. Doctors die by suicide at twice  the rate of the general population. The trauma of their experience  during COVID--and before--while treating patients is something we must  address head on.   Dr. Lorna Breen was the emergency room director at New York  Presbyterian Hospital and was a hero who embodied the spirit of service  in our time of national crisis. She died by suicide in April 2020 at  the peak of the COVID crisis in New York after contracting COVID  herself, quarantining, and then returning to work.   Her father said, ``She was truly in the trenches of the frontline.  She tried to do her job and it killed her. Make sure she is praised as  a hero. She was a casualty of this pandemic as much as anyone else who  died.''   I am honored in her memory to lead this bill to prevent burnout among  the health professionals answering the call of duty. I thank my seven  co-leads, Raja Krishnamoorthi,   David McKinley, Judy Chu, Fred Upton,  Haley Stevens, Morgan Griffith, and   John Katko, and to note that the  strong bipartisan support that this bill enjoys is confirmation that  Congress can still come together to tackle big problems.   I thank Jennifer and Corey Feist, Dr. Breen's sister and brother-in- law, who have championed this bill from the beginning to ensure that  Lorna's legacy is codified here in the halls of Congress. But most of  all, I thank every last doctor, nurse, EMT, custodial staffer, food  service worker, and especially our emergency room doctors who put  themselves into harm's way to keep the rest of us safe. Our work to  secure for you the support you need is far from over.   