 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my amendments  included in En Bloc No. 1. My first amendment, No. 100, would require  DoD to develop more distributed military and Intelligence Community  satellite architectures through a limitation of funds until Secretary  of Defense certifies that the Secretary of Air Force is carrying out  the program and the appropriate report on implementation is provided.  His amendment was part of a China Task Force recommendation from last  year that was dropped from the FY21 NDAA, despite its inclusion in the  report. Section 1607 of the FY2020 NDAA mandated that the Secretary  establish a program to prototype an M-code based, multi-global  navigation satellite system receiver that is capable of receiving  covered signals with the intent to increase the resilience and  capability of military position and navigation equipment. This program  would as a result deter the liklihood of attack on the worldwide Global  Positioning System by reducing the benefits of such an attack. In last  year's annual report to congress, the ``Military and Security  Developments involving the People's Republic of China'' highlighted PRC  military strategists increasing development of capabilities that  utilize space-based systems and to deny use of space-based systems to  adversaries as central to modern warfare. The report further cites  China's strengthening of its military space capabilities despite its  public stance against the militarization of space. This program is  critical to countering the CCP's intent to reduce U.S. competitive  technological advantage in space. Just this spring, the DNI's annual  Threat Assessment highlighted the PRC's advancing interests in  advancements in the space domain, detailing China's intent to continue  to develop craft to intercept, capture, or destroy US satellites.  Additionally, this past summer Director of Intelligence for Indo- Pacific Command, Rear Adm. Studeman repeated similar concerns: ``From  dazzling to jamming, to kinetic kill-from-the-ground, from space--all  that, they're on the march. They take a look at our space capability  and want to equal and exceed those and be able to dominate to guarantee  themselves the maneuvering they need to be able to secure their  objectives if they're in a fight.'' It is critical that as we further  develop space-capabilities we  [[Page H4934]]  do so by prioritizing resilience in these systems as our adversaries  continue to develop technology to not just rival, but dominate our  efforts in the space domain.   My second amendment included in this En Bloc, No. 101, would prohibit  the Secretary of the Interior from altering the designation of uranium  as a critical mineral until a report assessing the effects of the loss  of domestic uranium production. The Secretary of Defense, in  coordination with the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce, are to  conduct the assessment of the national security impact of removing  uranium from the list and submit a follow-up report. The U.S.  Geological Survey, which updates the critical minerals list every three  years, published its revised methodology published in May noting that  ``Fuel minerals, including uranium, were explicitly excluded from  consideration in this analysis.'' Removing uranium from this list, as  the Biden Administration is proposing, is another effort to cave to the  whims of environmental groups. The impact of this is not exclusive to  national security. Domestic uranium production has almost completely  idled and the source of uranium for our reactors has increasingly  become foreign state-owned entities. Keeping it as a resource on the  list will go a long way to restoring and securing American uranium  production.   Producing less energy at home means that we are forced to rely on our  adversaries for these critical resources, emboldening them and  weakening our global standing as they attempt to undermine our  interests. U.S.-origin uranium is critical to national defense for the  purpose of nuclear weapons and the naval fleet, providing propulsion  for 11 aircraft carriers and 70 submarines. Many international nuclear  cooperation agreements to which the United States is a party, restrict  the use of nuclear material imported under those agreements to peaceful  uses. The United States requires U.S.-origin uranium and nuclear  technologies for use in the production of uranium-based products for  U.S. defense systems, with no foreign obligations that restrict the  uses of such nuclear material. At this time, there is only one  functional enrichment facility in the United States despite employing  three major defense systems that require highly-enriched uranium.  Removing uranium from the critical minerals list would be a dangerous  and misguided decision as it is a vital component to both our national  security and energy security. We cannot continue to rely on unfriendly  nations that leverage energy dominance for geopolitical influence.  These amendments are important additions to the National Defense  Authorization Act and highlight the diverse challenges to our national  security. I am encouraged by their inclusion into En Bloc No. 1 and  urge adoption into the final bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to amendment No. 38,  offered by my colleague Rep. Garamendi. The sponsors of this amendment  would have you believe that this amendment is an attempt to save money  and that life extending the Minuteman III ICBM is a cost saver. This is  simply untrue. The House Armed Services Committee has heard witness  after witness testify that any Minuteman Ill life extension will cost  billions more than GBSD. We've heard from Admiral Richard of STRATCOM,  General Hyten, and General Milley that the current ICBM can no longer  be credibly or affordably sustained--and even if it could, it would not  meet deterrence requirements of the future. According to Secretary  Austin, even if the Minuteman III could be life extended, which is  increasingly difficult as antiquated parts fall out of production, such  an effort would be at least $38 billion more expensive than GBSD. For  the MM III to be usefully life extended, the United States would need  to replace a number of major missile components--which, even if  accomplished at cost and on time, would still fall short of the  Department of Defense's requirements--including accommodating modern  safety and security features and defeating the emerging anti-missile  technologies of our adversaries. GBSD will incorporate low risk,  technically mature components; feature a modular architecture that can  incorporate emerging technology to adapt to rapidly evolving threat  environments; and will be easier to maintain than the MM III--all of  which will save on costs and provide great value as GBSD operates well  into the 2070s. Finally, the GBSD program will not only replace the MM  III missile, but also modernize the launch facilities, improve command  and control, and increase safety and security. While our adversaries  are modernizing  [[Page H4950]]  their deterrents at breakneck speed, the proposed amendment would keep  America in the past. I will oppose the Garamendi amendment.   