 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Newhouse for yielding  and for his leadership in holding this Special Order.   Madam Speaker, with the stroke of a pen, President Biden threatened  the economy and public education systems of New Mexico, seven other  Western States, four Gulf States, and Alaska.   To put it simply, the executive actions he took on behalf of radical  environmentalists to stop new oil and gas leases on Federal lands is  nothing short of disastrous.   In New Mexico, over half the oil production and two-thirds of the  natural gas production occurs on Federal lands. That production employs  nearly 120,000 people Statewide, and estimates show a ban on new oil  and gas leases could cost the State over 60,000 jobs by the end of  2022.   Royalty payments and taxes from the oil and gas industry contribute  more than over one-third of our State's general fund. The loss in  revenue from this leasing ban will have the greatest impact on the  children of New Mexico, as over $1 billion from the oil and gas  industry goes to New Mexico public schools every year.   Madam Speaker, before the ban was announced, I sent a letter to New  Mexico Governor, Michelle Lujan Grisham, asking how she would make up  the lost revenue. I have yet to receive a reply.   After the announcement, I introduced the POWER Act, along with nearly  40 of my Republican colleagues. This bill would prevent the President  from halting new oil and gas leasing along with coal, hard-rock  mineral, and critical mineral leasing on Federal lands without consent  of Congress.   For too long, Congress has ceded authority over our public lands to  the executive branch. This will enable Congress to take back control  and stand up for the people we represent.   Just yesterday, I also introduced the Protecting New Mexico's Jobs  and Public Education System Act, which would exempt New Mexico from the  current ban on new oil and gas leasing.    My State would be the most negatively affected in the Nation by a  leasing ban. More than half of the onshore oil produced on Federal  lands in the U.S. is produced in New Mexico.   Madam Speaker, I must also point out that the oil and gas industry is  not just about filling up our cars and heating our homes, petroleum- based products are an essential part of our everyday lives. Petroleum- based products include mini medical devices, articles of clothing, and  even sporting equipment.   In response to concerns we raised regarding the loss in oil and gas  jobs, the Biden administration said people can just find work in the  renewable energy sector.   Madam Speaker, well that just is not good enough. In fact, statistics  show workers involved in oil and gas extraction make an average of $48  an hour. How do I tell my constituents to go earn much less than that  in other industries? At a time when our economy has been weakened by  the COVID-19 pandemic and many of our constituents are out of work, we  should be focused on protecting good-paying jobs, not eliminating them.  I look forward to working with my Western Caucus colleagues over the  coming weeks to promote this message and to give a voice to our  constituents whose lives will be harmed by the executive actions of the  Biden administration.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Newhouse again for hosting this  Special Order.   