 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, everyone knows the first atomic  bomb was exploded at the Trinity Site in New Mexico. In fact, between  1945 and 1992, the United States Government conducted more than 200  aboveground nuclear tests. These tests exposed nearby communities and  the people living and working in those communities to radiation.   As a result of the exposure, tens of thousands of downwinders  contracted cancers and other diseases. In 1999, in recognition of this  exposure, Congress passed the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act to  provide a one-time payment to many of these individuals  [[Page H5076]]  in addition to the uranium miners, millers, and transporters.   Unfortunately, downwinders in many States, including my beautiful  State of New Mexico, were not included and left to deal with the health  effects of these explosions, like the very first bomb, on their own.   I recently met with Tina Cordova and members of the Tularosa Basin  Downwinder Coalition. They told me the stories of their loved ones who  died as a result of these tests. They have fought for so long for the  government to simply recognize them and their pain. We do hear their  voices, we see their pain, and now we must act.   It is not just New Mexicans that have suffered, it is people from  Washington to the Dakotas to Texas, and all the way to Guam.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support amendment No. 241, and provide an apology to individuals in New  Mexico, Idaho, Colorado, Arizona, Utah, Texas, Wyoming, Oregon,  Washington, South Dakota, North Dakota, Nevada, Guam, and the Northern  Mariana Islands, who were exposed to radiation during the government's  nuclear testing.   Identical language was included in the House-passed National Defense  Authorization Acts for both 2019 and 2020.   It is past time for Congress to begin to acknowledge the harm nuclear  testing caused to these communities by passing this amendment. Our  government owes these communities a formal apology. Let's do that.   My amendment is supported by Members on both sides of the aisle, and  I urge my colleagues to vote for it, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, precisely because of the importance  of those atomic tests and the impact on the people of New Mexico, which  we all recognize was the very first test of an atomic bomb, and the  importance that it played in our history, and the ending of World War  II.   What we are asking for, at the very least, is an apology not for the  bomb, but for the impact; the impact that it had on those lives of  those people in those communities who are people that I know. They are  grandparents and children, they are my neighbors. And I believe, that  at the very least, we must apologize to those who we left out of RECA  for the impact that they suffered with regards to their health.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   