 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Finish the  Wall Act, for which I am a proud cosponsor.   By the end of this year, 2 million people will have tried to cross  our borders illegally. That is more than or almost as many people as  the State I represent. Hundreds of thousands have succeeded, and many  thousands more are being released into our communities, never to return  to an immigration status hearing.   When Border Patrol agents courageously tried to do their jobs against  overwhelming odds, they were attacked by President Biden, who said that  he would make them pay. That is not how we lead a country. That is not  how we treat American heroes who keep us safe.   But past Presidents did not abandon our border. Under President  Trump, 458 miles of border wall system were completed, with hundreds  more fully funded. Of course, on his first day in office, President  Biden sabotaged this important project and undermined the physical  border security promised to the American people.   This is unacceptable. We must protect our country. We must protect  our people. We must finish the wall.   This legislation would compel the White House and the Department of  Homeland Security to do their jobs.   The funding is there. The plans are there. The materials are there.  All we lack is leadership from the Oval Office. And until true  leadership returns to the White House, the people's House will have to  step in and solve the Biden border crisis.   I urge my colleagues to pass the Finish the Wall Act, keep our  promises, and secure our borders.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my fellow Members of  Congress to think about the reputation of this institution, the trust  of the American people, and beyond their political passions of the  moment.   I ask, frankly, for us to be statesmen.   Rather than focusing on inflation, jobs, or the border, our  colleagues across the aisle are focused on this distraction.   House Democrats have now held or threaten to hold three Americans in  contempt of Congress for refusal to comply with their arbitrary  demands.   Democrats assured us that if their first target, Steve Bannon, had  just shown up to be deposed, he would not have faced consequences.  However, Mr. Bannon felt that this would violate former President  Trump's executive privilege and raised questions to the committee in  letters from his attorney.   Next, the January 6th Committee threatened Jeffrey Clark with  contempt, holding a Rules Committee hearing for the contempt charge.  This was based on Mr. Clark agreeing to appear but not saying exactly  what the partisan political operatives of the committee wanted him to  say, while Mr. Clark asserted his constitutional rights.   It is a staggering abuse of power for the House of Representatives to  threaten someone for merely using the rights the Constitution affords  them.   Now we reach my friend, Mark Meadows. He has cooperated, and provided  thousands of pages of documents; however, Mr. Meadows, President  Trump's chief of staff during January 6, invoked his executive  privilege. In his opinion, his testimony about interactions with  President Trump would erode all future use of executive privilege. Even  after Mr. Meadows turned over texts, Democrats have now gone so far as  to subpoena Verizon for Mr. Meadows' phone records.   Such naked scheming should stay in House of Cards and other TV shows,  not in this Chamber.   What is the purpose of this? Is it not to secure the Capitol? It is a  political exercise to exact political revenge against allies and  employees of the former President.   This is about using the government to punish political adversaries.  This is not an American practice but something akin to a banana  republic on its way to tyranny. I urge a ``no'' vote.   