 Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge support for my amendment,  including in the En Bloc Amendment, that would provide the Office of  Tribal Affairs created in this bill with the responsibility of ensuring  that the Department of Transportation has in place and enforces federal  government wide requirement for regular and meaningful consultation and  collaboration with Tribes and Tribal officials as outlined in Executive  Order 13175 issued by President Clinton in 2000.   I thank the chairman for its inclusion in En Bloc Amendment No. 1.   The reality is while Executive Order 13175 was groundbreaking, it has  never quite lived up to its promise. Too many federal agencies have  failed (and still fall short today) to executive its directive to  ensure that tribes have a say in federal activities that impact them.   Why was this Order needed? Because, unfortunately, history has shown  that failure by the federal government to consider the impact on tribal  communities or to include their voices in federal decision making has  all too often led to undesirable and, at times, devastating policy.   Consultation and engagement is a basic must for maintaining a strong  and productive Federal-tribal relationship.   A key part of protecting sovereignty and self-determination is to  make sure that federal agencies actively gather, listen, and heed the  input of tribes relating to federal projects and activities that will  impact them. Providing this responsibility to this new office within a  Department that supports tens of billions of dollars of projects in  every part of our country makes sense.   Among other requirements, Executive Order 13175 called on each  federal agency to ``have an accountable process to ensure meaningful  and timely input by tribal officials in the development of regulatory  policies that have tribal implications.'' It further went on to require  each federal agency to designate an official to lead the agency's  implementation of the Order's requirements.   I believe the new Tribal Office created in this bill would be  perfectly position to carry out those duties and ensure that the  Department of Transportation and its agencies implement an effective  tribal consultation process, including pushing the Department to follow  up on its commitment to tell tribes how their input was or was not  actually used, a flaw pointed out in a 2019 report by the GAO.   The impact of the transportation programs authorized in this bill and  on tribal lands goes beyond the tribal programs authorized in this  legislation. Therefore, this new office should also be able to look  broadly across the Department and work to monitor and fix problems with  how the Department in general works with tribes on projects and  activities, regardless of funding source.   No single office can fix this problem but by creating a point for  accountability and transparency, it will move us closer to the goal  wonderfully articulated in Executive Order 13175 but which has proved  so elusive ever since.   With that, I urge support for my amendment and the larger En Bloc  package.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment which has  been included in this En Bloc Amendment. As we debate this bill, our  nation is experiencing a resurrection in COVID-19 cases, with record or  near record one day totals occurring almost daily. While this may not  be the time to rehash rash decisions to reopen in the face of public  health advice, it does again remind us of the need to continue to  provide tools to communities to help identify, track, and treat those  affected by this deadly virus.   Tracking COVID-19 in the community is extremely important in the  fight to stop this deadly killer which has already infected over 2.5  million Americans and killed over 125,000.   As noted by the Water Research Foundation, ``wastewater surveillance  of COVID-19 could be an early, cost-effective, unbiased community-level  indicator of the presence of COVID-19.''   Research is underway in our nation and around the world to try and  use sewage samples to spot any potential surge or other trends in  caseloads in a community. It is believed that the virus will show up in  sewer samples even for patients that show no outward symptoms.   For example, in late March, samples from one wastewater utility in  Massachusetts found that the amount of SARS-Co V-2 particles indicated  a far higher number of people likely infected with Covid-19 than the  area's reported cases   My amendment would formally authorize a more robust EPA research  program to help develop guidance and procedures to help identify and  measure SARS-Co V-2 levels in wastewater.   There are still a lot of unknowns associated with this evolving tool.  The EPA is well positioned to offer key guidance and information to  wastewater utilities interested in helping support such research. While  it has undertaken some activities in this area, more can be done to  inform sample collection, analysis, and interpretation of results of  this research.   The EPA can also help support greater coordination in ongoing  research to prevent duplicative effort, help close knowledge gaps, and  support better communication of the results of such testing to the  public, public health officials, and others.   As our nation continues to respond to the devastating Covid-19  pandemic, this is an evolving field that shows promise at providing  real time or near real time community wide surveillance that isn't  directly tied to testing (although we still need to do that and do that  better).   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment.   