 Madam Speaker, I rise to offer an amendment to this bill.   However, before I talk about the amendment, I think it is important  for the House to note that the legislation before us is perhaps the  most extreme abortion measure that Congress has ever considered. It  will overturn countless protections for the unborn that States have  already put into place, including those in my home State of Louisiana.   As both a woman and, most importantly, a mother of two children, I  feel uniquely qualified to speak about this issue. I have experienced  firsthand the miracle of life and know the incredible intricacy of how  a child is formed in the womb. Intimately knowing the special bond that  grows between a mother and a child over those 9 months, I do not  understand how we can pass this bill, a law that will allow an abortion  to be performed up until the actual moment of birth, despite the fact  that the child has a fully developed heart and can feel pain.   The amendment I am bringing forward is the text of the Born-Alive  Abortion Survivors Protection Act in which my distinguished colleague  from Missouri, Ann Wagner, has been an outstanding leader.   This amendment is simple, straightforward, and the right thing to do.  It would ensure that newborn children who survive an abortion are given  the same crucial, lifesaving medical care that any infant would  receive.   The most transformational moment in my life was when I held my two  children in my arms for the first time. I have always considered myself  to be pro-life, but I never truly understood the sanctity of life until  that moment. I can't image why anybody would intentionally deny a  precious child taking his first beautiful, beautiful breaths of life  the very care that would keep them alive.   This language has received bipartisan support in the past, and I hope  my colleagues across the aisle will join us in voting in favor of this  important measure that will truly save the lives of countless children.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   