 Madam Speaker, the decision to impeach a President is a  grave one--it is a vote that no Member wishes to cast in their  lifetime. In my nearly four decades of service in the House of  Representatives, I have voted to impeach a President only twice--both  times during President Trump's term in office. The criminal invasion of  the U.S. Capitol last week created this unprecedented moment in U.S.  history when liberty lovers must respond in the strongest legal manner.   Members of Congress take an oath to defend our Constitution against  all enemies foreign and domestic. During my service, U.S. Presidents of  both parties understood their duty to our Constitution, until now. I  frequently reflect on the incalculable bravery and sacrifice of those  Americans who came before us, who, from the battlefields of Antietam to  the beaches of Normandy, fought and died to ensure that not only would  freedom and liberty live on in these lands, but so too would our Union  itself.   During these last four years, our beloved country has become divided  to an extent not seen since Reconstruction--a division so powerful that  the daily business of our Congress has ground to a near halt, at severe  expense to the People's work. This is occurring because of the severe  breakdown, political divisions, and incitement exacerbated by lies and  conspiracy theories recited at length by the President himself. He has  belligerently refused to accept the results of this past election. With  a clenched fist, he and his allies continue to spew divisive vitriol  claiming no institution in this country, from the free press to  independent election officials, can be trusted--that the only person  worthy of the American people's confidence is Donald Trump himself.   A week ago today, that division boiled over, culminating in a vicious  attack by a mob on the U.S. Capitol, a place that holds national and  international significance as the temple of liberty and  representational democracy. Members, staff, and the Vice President, who  were working to certify the election results of the 2020 Presidential  Election, were forced to flee for their lives as a mob of violent  insurrectionists broke through the doors and windows of the Capitol,  desecrated the halls, and violently attacked Capitol Police, killing  one and injuring over 50. The invaders, many in paramilitary attire,  called for the execution of the Vice President, the Speaker of the  House, and other Members. Some carried law-enforcement style handcuffs,  bear spray, and firearms, while others erected gallows outside and  placed pipe-bombs nearby. All the while, President Trump failed to take  any meaningful steps to call off the attack, despite calls imploring  him to do so as the events played out on live television. The attack  was explicitly incited by Donald Trump as he dispatched marchers to the  Capitol `to fight.' His incitement of the attack represents quite  possibly the most significant example of complete moral failing by any  President in American history.   To impeach a President is a weighty decision. Today, the decision was  clear. President Trump is guilty of inciting a violent insurrection  against the United States in its most sacred home of liberty. He should  thus be immediately removed from office and prevented from ever holding  federal office again.   