 Mr. Speaker, I urge defeat of the  previous question so that we can immediately move to debate and pass  H.R. 8265 and stop playing politics with American businesses and jobs.   We all can name at least one favorite establishment that is now an  economic casualty of coronavirus. Many small businesses are hurting,  and they need our help.   We came together in an incredible bipartisan way this spring to  create the Paycheck Protection Program, but the fallout of these  shutdowns is lasting longer than any of us dared believe, and our  communities are now in need of swift action.   That is exactly why we need a vote on H.R. 8265, which Democratic  leadership is currently preventing. There are over $135 billion still  sitting in the funds that are authorized and appropriated. This bill  gives small businesses with 25 percent revenue losses and under 300  employees the opportunity for a second cut at the PPP loan. It sets  aside $25 billion specifically for mom-and-pop businesses with less  than 10 employees, and it simplifies the forgiveness process for loans  under $150,000.   Do it today. Do it today. We have plenty of time. To make it simple:  Passing this bill saves jobs, but doing nothing sends those same people  to the unemployment lines. The bills we are voting on today will never  become law. Messaging bills can wait; extending this program cannot.   I know that many of my colleagues across the aisle are frustrated  with the lack of action on this issue. They like this bill and know it  would help our communities. I know this because many have told me  personally. If half of the Democrats who have privately told me they  supported this legislation would vote for it, it would pass  overwhelmingly and would be law quickly. So I call on them today to  stand up and do what is right. Their communities need them in this  moment. America needs us all in this moment.   Mr. Speaker, I ask the Democrat leaders to stop playing politics with  American businesses and jobs. I urge defeat of the previous question  and immediate consideration of H.R. 8265.   