 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from Ohio  for yielding and for his leadership on this issue.   I also want to thank my friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Bass), for her work over the years on this issue as  well.   Mr. Speaker, we stand at a moment in time that is so important in our  country's history, a moment when we can actually come together to solve  a problem that we have seen that has gone on for a long time, something  that has come to light in different ways over years. But George Floyd's  death, a death that never should have happened, really did awaken and  create a moment in time when we can actually get something done on this  issue.   I hope that we rise to this moment. I hope that we work together to  address the problems that we have seen while making a careful and  important distinction not to undermine the important work that police  officers do every day, risking their lives to keep us safe.   That is really the thing that we have to focus the most on because we  know there are bad cops like there are bad people in any profession.  But to paint everybody with the same brush is not only unfair, it  actually does a disservice to the work that they do in every community  on a daily basis that is unheralded.   What I would first say is that while the bill that is before us today  is a bill that has some components that we support, but some components  that we feel would create even more problems, there can be work done to  come together. I know in committee there were many opportunities to  bring that forward, to bring other amendments forward, and it is a  shame that every single Republican amendment was shut down. Every  single amendment was shut down in committee. Every single amendment  that we brought forward was shut down on this House floor.   That is not going to solve this problem. I think we all know that. If  we are here to make law, which I think a lot of us are, then it is  going to mean both sides coming together to bring their best ideas  forward to address the problem.   I was very disappointed yesterday to watch on the Senate floor our  former House colleague and friend Tim Scott, who has worked on this for  a long time, somebody who has actually been a victim of racial  profiling himself who worked closely with a lot of people to bring a  bill to the floor that had a lot of bipartisan support. Yes, maybe some  people had differences with the bill, but instead of coming together  and working through those differences, the Democrats in the Senate  voted down the opportunity even to bring the bill on the floor.   The motion to proceed is the motion to start debate on the issue;  they voted it down. How is that going to solve the problem if you don't  even want to debate the problem? At least here on the House floor we  are having a debate.   I wish we had an open amendment process where we could try to settle  these differences here. That is not going to happen, unfortunately.  But, I, as my colleague Mr. Armstrong, don't give up hope, but we  present the opportunity to solve this problem.   If you look at the bill, H.R. 7278, the JUSTICE Act, by my friend Mr.  Stauber, who served as a police officer for over 20 years, he saw the  good and the bad in policing. He brings that unique perspective as  somebody who wants to solve the problem.   He will tell you that the person who doesn't want a bad cop more than  anybody is a good cop. You don't want to go on a call with a bad cop.  You want to root them out, while not undermining the important work  that law enforcement officers do every day.   Mr. Speaker, I have seen it firsthand. I would not be here today if  it wasn't for the bravery and heroism of law enforcement. I have seen  them risk their  [[Page H2482]]  lives for myself and for other people, maybe not knowing if they were  going to make it home that night, and they do that every day.   If there is a bad cop, let's root them out. But we want to make sure  we don't undermine the ability for the good cops that are all around  our communities, keeping us safe every day. They have a right not only  to keep us safe, but they have a right to make it back home to see  their families at the end of that night, too.   Let's make sure, when we are striking that important balance, we  don't forget about those two competing sides.   We can solve this problem. We need to work together to get this done.  Hopefully, we will do that before this moment is lost.   