 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Woodall) for yielding time.   We have known for years that the Chinese Communist Party has been  conducting cyberattacks on the United States aimed not only at stealing  vital data but also at destabilizing our economy.   Recently, the FBI and DHS discovered that the CCP has taken their  cyberattacks to a new low by attempting to hack into U.S. research  facilities, in an effort to steal COVID-19 vaccine research.   In other words, Mr. Speaker, at a time when scientists around the  world are working together in an epic race against time to develop a  lifesaving vaccine to rescue the world from the grips of the  coronavirus, the CCP is trying to steal that research for their own  selfish purposes.   This news comes when the evidence has shown that the Chinese  Communist Party is responsible for allowing this virus to spread into a  pandemic.   The House Foreign Affairs Committee Republicans spent the last  several months investigating the origins  [[Page H2690]]  of this pandemic, in the hopes of learning vital lessons that would  help us prevent the next one. This report details how the CCP chose to  cover up the virus and lie to the world at every turn, allowing the  coronavirus to spread not only throughout their own country, Mr.  Speaker, but around the world in a global pandemic.   They silenced doctors trying to sound the alarm about the virus and  disappeared journalists who were reporting the truth about Wuhan. They  shut down laboratories and ordered that virus samples be destroyed.  They repeatedly lied about the virus spreading human to human, that it  was transmitted human to human, that it was contagious. They allowed  mass travel throughout China and internationally despite knowing that  the virus was spreading human to human.   Mr. Speaker, this week has served as a bleak reminder of what the  Chinese Communist Party really is. Last night, the CCP sham legislature  passed its so-called national security law for Hong Kong, destroying  their autonomy and oppressing a freedom-loving people and violating the  Sino-U.K. treaty. Yesterday, the world was made aware that the CCP is  using forced sterilization, forced abortion, and coercive family  planning against ethnic minorities, including the Uighur Muslims.   These disturbing realizations are unfolding as the world is still  grappling with the coronavirus pandemic that the CCP helped create.   Now that millions of people around the world have been infected and  more than half a million have died, we learned that the CCP isn't  helping to fix the pandemic they are responsible for creating. Instead,  Mr. Speaker, according to the FBI and Department of Homeland Security,  they are conducting cyberattacks on American scientific organizations  and hospitals in an attempt to steal research being used to develop a  vaccine for the virus.   In other words, they are trying to steal our research to develop a  vaccine to save the world from the very pandemic that they created.  This is absolutely unacceptable and must be condemned.   So, today, Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me in opposing the  previous question so we can consider the Kinzinger resolution to do  just that.   My colleagues on both sides of the aisle should come together and  say, in one united voice, that we condemn these attacks by the Chinese  Communist Party and that we believe that those who are responsible  should be held accountable.   This is the issue of our time, so let's move forward together on  calling out the CCP for their continued outrageous and dangerous  misbehavior.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question.   