 Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote in support of H.R. 6800,  the Heroes Act.   With more than 80,000 Americans tragically dead, more than 1.3  million sick, and more than 36 million out of work in the past eight  weeks because of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), there should be no  doubt in anyone's mind about the staggering scale of this crisis. It  demands extraordinary urgency and action from Congress.   As the Republican-controlled Senate continues to stonewall additional  relief legislation, going so far as to say states should just go  bankrupt, I am proud that the House has put together an urgently-needed  package to protect the lives and livelihoods of the American people  from the devastation of the coronavirus crisis. This legislation is not  perfect, but it is designed to deliver effective and immediate relief  to families and workers in need.   After hearing from dozens of my own local and county officials about  the dire need, I am proud that the Heroes Act includes nearly $1  trillion in relief funding to state, local, territorial, and tribal  governments. This funding will help our state and local governments pay  vital workers like first responders, teachers, and health care workers.   The Heroes Act also puts us on a science-based path to safely reopen  the country with billions for testing, contact tracing, research, and  treatment, and it grants additional, much-needed relief to hospitals  and health care providers. It also ensures that every American can  access free coronavirus treatment, and it  [[Page H2246]]  creates a new special enrollment period for the Affordable Care Act  (ACA) exchanges to help the uninsured get coverage.   As Chair of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I  authored provisions to strengthen working and travel conditions for  those in the transportation sector, including requirements on masks/ face coverings for workers and passengers on commercial U.S. flights,  Amtrak trains, and certain public transit. I was also able to secure  language to increase the federal cost share for emergency declarations  under FEMA to 100 percent federal so state and local governments aren't  saddled with extra bills as their own budgets are hammered by this  crisis. I also worked with Chairman Pallone to include provisions to  provide financial assistance to low-income and other adversely affected  consumers to assist with payments for drinking water and wastewater  expenses during the pandemic.   With millions of essential workers on the frontlines every day, I am  pleased that this legislation would strengthen safety measures by  mandating a strong, enforceable workplace safety standard from the  Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). This legislation  would also ensure that these frontline, essential workers receive well- deserved hazard pay.   The Heroes Act also includes vital, direct relief to millions of  Americans, including additional direct impact payments, critical  supports to assist renters and homeowners with making monthly rent and  mortgage payments, expansion of our nation's nutrition programs as  families continue to line up at food banks, debt reduction for student  borrowers who are facing economic distress as a result of the crisis,  and an extension of vital safety-net unemployment benefits through  January.   This legislation also makes critical fixes to the Payroll Protection  Program and resolves many of the challenges and flexibility issues  Tribal communities are encountering when using federal relief funding.  The Heroes Act also provides $25 billion to preserve the U.S. Postal  Service and blocks the Trump administration's attempts to cripple this  essential service, while also including protections for our democracy  with critical new resources to expand voting access and ensure safe  elections during this pandemic. Americans should never have to choose  between their health and their fundamental right to vote.   While I am strongly supportive of these and other provisions in the  Heroes Act, I believe this legislation could have included proposals  which would deliver more effective, streamlined, and accountable relief  by keeping employees tied to their employers.   One such proposal is the Paycheck Guarantee Act (PGA), which I  believe is more comprehensive than an expansion of the Employee  Retention Tax Credit and is estimated to save the government billions  of dollars. Similar to the airline relief provisions in the CARES Act  that I authored, I believe the PGA would largely end mass layoffs, keep  workers paid and connected to their health care and other benefits,  prevent employers of all sizes from being forced to close permanently,  and ensure that the economy is ready to restart when the pandemic ends.   Additionally, at least 27 million Americans have lost their employer- based health insurance due to layoffs or furloughs during the pandemic.  While I believe it is important that the Heroes Act would allow many of  these individuals to maintain their insurance through COBRA subsidies,  there are millions more laid-off Americans who would remain uninsured  because they were not fortunate enough to have employer-sponsored  health care before the pandemic. That's why I support an expansion of  Medicare, which would help ensure that everyone has access to health  insurance during and after this pandemic, regardless of their  employment status or employer-based benefits.   I am also disappointed that this legislation does not include the $26  billion my colleagues and I had pushed to allow extension of grant  research funding. Right now, the grant funding continues to flow, but  because of the public health risks due to COVID, many researchers are  not able to perform their research before the grant period ends,  threatening their employment. While it does include $4.2 billion, the  lack of more robust funding will mean researchers in my district in  Oregon will lose funding for their projects, and, ultimately, their  jobs.   However, it is abundantly clear that there is a need for Congress to  act immediately to deliver robust aid to the American people. The  Heroes Act is a critical step in our nation's recovery, and I urge our  Senate colleagues to waste no time in taking up this vital legislation.  We must act--any delay will cause unnecessary and avoidable harm to our  fellow citizens.   