 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last Tuesday, our country conducted the  most sacred process in our democratic system of government, a national  election.   It was an election unlike any other in modern history. Much of the  voting was done before election day itself, as the global pandemic  forced States to adjust their balloting and voting procedures. The  counting of the vote took a little longer than most Americans might  have expected or hoped. Indeed, some of the final tabulations are not  yet complete. It is still to be determined which party will hold the  majority in this Chamber.   But we do know a few things. First and most importantly, former Vice  President Joseph Robinette Biden will become the 46th President of the  United States. Our dear colleague, the distinguished Senator from  California, Kamala Harris, will be the next Vice President of the  United States. And on January 20, the country will finally--finally-- turn the page on one of the most divisive and chaotic chapters in our  history.   President-Elect Joe Biden has told the country that it is time to  come together and heal, to unify once again to fight not our political  opponents but our common enemies: disease and poverty and injustice.  There is no person better suited to the task than the former Vice  President. He will be a great President for all Americans.   Vice President-Elect Harris, meanwhile, has just made history four  times over. She will be the first African-American woman, the first  Asian-American woman, the first biracial woman, and the first woman,  period, to ever serve as Vice President of the United States.   I congratulate the former Vice President, his wife Jill, our  colleague Senator Harris, and her husband Doug on their hard-fought  victory.   More Americans voted for President-Elect Biden and Vice President- Elect Harris than any ticket in our Nation's history. They have given  them an enormous burden and a decisive mandate to take the reins of the  executive branch and marshal this government into action--for they will  assume the high offices of the Presidency and the Vice Presidency at a  time of unprecedented challenge.   Our great Nation faces the greatest economic crisis in 75 years and  the greatest public health crisis in a century. Extraordinary  inequalities of wealth and income strike at the heart of the idea of  America as a land of equal opportunity. Racial disparities in our  society strike at the heart of the idea of America as a place of equal  justice. Climate change threatens the very future of our planet.   The American people have placed their faith in President-Elect Biden  to confront those challenges head-on: to relieve their suffering, to  repair our democracy, to recover our economy, and rebuild the country  and a planet for this generation and for the next. I have no doubt  their faith will be rewarded, but I also have no doubt that the task  ahead is daunting.   