 Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong opposition  to the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to replace Justice Ruth Bader  Ginsburg as an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.   The Senate has never confirmed a Supreme Court nominee while a  Presidential election was already underway. Indeed, this is the  situation before us with early voting taking place in multiple States  and over 50 million ballots already cast. So while those in the far- right fringe might be cheering these lifetime appointments, the vast  majority of Americans are the ones who lose out, and they do not get a  fair say.   Make no mistake. Today's vote isn't about one individual; it is about  taking away healthcare from 20 million Americans in the midst of a  pandemic. It is about eliminating protections for people with  preexisting conditions that over 100 million Americans depend upon. And  that is what we fear happening once this vote is cast, the lifetime  appointment is given, and the case is heard after the election.   President Trump and his allies purposely set the schedule that way.  They didn't want American voters to have any recourse to take out their  anger at those responsible for taking away their healthcare.   My Republican colleagues should listen to their own words. Go back  and look at what you said about Merrick Garland and apply it  consistently.   Our fidelity is to the Constitution, not a caucus, not to the  Federalist Society, not to special interests. Everyone deserves equal  justice under the law. The Supreme Court was not designed to become an  extension of the Republician National Committee.   The chairman of the Judiciary Committee pledged, in his own words:  ``If an opening comes in the last year of President Trump's term and  the primary process has started, we'll wait till the next election.''   The obvious truth is Republicans broke their word. This process  itself is broken. Their pattern of obstruction and abusive partisanship  over the years threatens the credibility of the Supreme Court and  pushes Senate norms of fairness and accountability beyond the brink.   My decision, however, to oppose this nomination rests not only on  this unprecedented use and abuse of power but also on the standard that  I have applied to nominees of the Supreme Court on numerous occasions.  It is a simple test--one drawn from text, the history, and the  principles of the Constitution.   As I have said during previous confirmations, a nominee's  intellectual gifts, experience, judgment, maturity, and temperament are  all important. But these alone are not enough.   In addition, a nominee to the Supreme Court must live up to the  spirit of the Constitution. A nominee must not only commit to enforcing  the laws but to doing justice. A nominee must give life and meaning to  the great principles of the Constitution: equality before the law, due  process, freedom of conscience, individual responsibility, and the  expansion of opportunity.   It is these principles that ensure full and fair and equal  participation in the civic and social life for all Americans. A nominee  to the Supreme Court must make these constitutional principles resonate  in a rapidly changing world.   My colleagues on the Judiciary Committee spent a great deal of time  and effort questioning Judge Barrett and trying to elicit responses  about her basic worldview and judicial philosophy. Unfortunately, her  answers were largely nonresponsive, and, at times, she demurred on  issues on which she herself had already made public statements.   Despite her lack of responsiveness, Judge Barrett's judicial record  and public statements suggest that she does not meet my test, and her  placement on the Supreme Court will further tilt the Court away from  these constitutional principles.   In understanding how Judge Barrett would not meet my test, I am  cognizant that she will follow in the mold of her mentor Justice  Antonin Scalia, with whom she shares an originalist approach to  constitutional interpretation.   In her article titled ``Congressional Originalism,'' Judge Barrett  talks about the core principles underpinning originalism. The first  principle, she writes, is that ``the meaning of the constitutional text  is fixed at the time of its ratification.'' The second is that ``the  historical meaning of the text `has legal significance and is  authoritative in most circumstances.' ''   The trouble is that the Founders and Framers did not leave us a  blueprint to  [[Page S6480]]  answer every new question of law. Nor did the delegates to the  Constitutional Convention demand that all future judges be  ``originalists.'' The laws and norms when the Constitution was ratified  would alienate and exclude many Americans today, particularly women and  racial and other minority groups.   We have seen the devastating effects of the originalist line of  thinking in the Supreme Court's recent history. A focus on this mode of  interpretation has played a crucial role in undoing labor rights,  curtailing environmental regulations, and allowing unlimited dark money  to influence politics. In the end, a strict originalist approach tends  to favor the executive over the individual, the employer over the  employee, and the corporation over the consumer.   Also relevant to whether Judge Barrett passes my test is her  criticism of stare decisis, a core concept in Supreme Court  jurisdiction under which a court generally adheres to its prior  decisions--absent a special justification more than a belief that the  precedent was wrongly decided.   Part of the reason that maintaining precedent is so important is that  it ensures the rule of law and legitimacy of the judicial process. As  Alexander Hamilton explained in Federalist No. 78, there is a long  tradition of being bound by precedent, in his words, ``[t]o avoid an  arbitrary discretion in the courts.''   A practical reason for following precedent is that--once it goes into  effect, people then organize their lives based on the law and make  decisions with the assumption that that law will stay in place.   The public expects judges to understand this need for stability and  to approach the law with the appropriate humility and respect for its  authority. They do not want judges to elevate their own views over the  law or to change the law simply because the composition of the court  changes.   That is why, in deciding to overrule precedent, a court generally  undergoes a serious analysis of numerous factors, including its  consistency with other decisions, the reliance interests at stake, and  historical developments since the decision in question.   Therefore, I am troubled that Judge Barrett's writings indicate that  she is more likely to see opportunities to revisit precedent than other  judges. In an article titled ``Precedent and Jurisprudential  Disagreement,'' Judge Barrett argues that there is a weaker presumption  of stare decisis in constitutional cases, which could make these cases  more vulnerable to review   In another article titled ``Stare Decisis and Due Process,'' Judge  Barrett argues that the current standard of stare decisis has become  too rigid in modern times and favors a more flexible stance on  reexamining precedent.   In particular, I take seriously that Judge Barrett indicates that she  is more willing to elevate her originalist interpretation over  precedent. Overall, when there is a tension between precedent and  jurisprudential commitment, Judge Barrett writes that she, in her  words, ``tend[s] to agree with those who say that a justice's duty is  to the Constitution and that it is thus more legitimate for her to  enforce her best understanding of the Constitution rather than a  precedent she thinks is clearly in conflict with it.''   She similarly casts doubt on the importance of reliance interests-- which are the interests of stakeholders that depend on the continuity  of an affirmed law or right--stating that ``when precedent clearly  exceeds the bounds of statutory or constitutional text, reliance  interests should figure far less prominently in a court's overruling  calculus.''   Judge Barrett's views on originalism, textualism, and stare decisis  could bring about a seismic shift to the Supreme Court, reshaping  modern American life and weakening rights to which many Americans have  become accustomed. Given that Judge Barrett's approach is shared by  several of her future colleagues, she will help move the Court's center  of gravity to the far right.   I will now walk through issues in Judge Barrett's judicial record  that inform how she, in conjunction with fellow conservative judges,  could and likely will rule on future cases.   I am deeply troubled about the implications of this nomination on the  Affordable Care Act, the ACA. The ACA has given individuals and  families control over their own healthcare and has brought the  uninsured rate to a historic low. The ACA has been the law of the land  since 2010 and is now woven into the fabric of our healthcare system.   Despite consistent sabotage of the ACA by the Trump administration,  premiums for health insurance plans on the individual marketplaces have  decreased for the second year in a row. Yet President Trump and my  Republican colleagues want to repeal the ACA in its entirety, taking  with it protections for people with preexisting conditions, bans on  lifetime and annual limits on coverage, billions of dollars in tax  credits to make coverage more affordable, and efforts to close the  doughnut hole for seniors needing prescription drugs, just to name a  few key provisions.   The ACA is a relevant--indeed, critical--aspect of the nomination  because the Supreme Court will begin hearing oral arguments in the case  of California v. Texas on November 10, which will decide the fate of  the ACA. This is not a theoretical debate over how Judge Barrett may  interpret a case in the future. This is a real case that could  eliminate health insurance coverage for millions of Americans and  increase costs for everyone in the next year.   It is no surprise that my Republican colleagues are breaking with  their own precedent to consider this nominee with a week to go until  the election. This is their chance to repeal the ACA once and for all.   In fact, President Trump has said many times over in the last several  months that he hopes the ACA is overturned by the Supreme Court,  referring specifically to this case. And don't just take his word for  it. The Department of Justice, under his leadership, has taken the  extraordinary step of deciding against defending the law of the land,  the ACA, and instead siding with the plaintiffs in arguing that the ACA  and its protections for people with preexisting conditions, among other  provisions, is unconstitutional. President Trump and congressional  Republicans are very clear about their intentions. They want to repeal  the ACA. They have been saying it for a decade.   They failed to do it when they had complete control of the White  House and Congress because of overwhelming public opposition to their  efforts and a few brave votes. They are relying on the Supreme Court to  do their dirty work for them and get rid of the ACA. They even  petitioned to have the case heard by the Supreme Court after the  election, knowing that the American people would not be happy if the  Court decided in their favor and struck down the ACA.   It is not hard to follow the logic here. President Trump and  congressional Republicans have been working methodically to lead us to  this moment for years.   Now I will return to the nominee for a moment. President Trump has  made it clear that he intends to have the courts do his bidding for him  and has committed to nominating judges who will side with him.   In her hearing, Judge Barrett refused to discuss how she may handle a  case on the ACA. However, in early 2017, she authored an article  criticizing the ACA, specifically arguing that the 2012 Supreme Court  case, NFIB v. Sebelius, was wrongly decided when a 5-to-4 majority  ruled that the ACA's individual mandate was, in fact, constitutional.  In particular, Judge Barrett criticized Chief Justice Roberts' deciding  vote in that case, claiming that he ``pushed the Affordable Care Act  beyond its plausible meaning to save the statute.''   Instead, Judge Barrett has praised her mentor, the late Justice  Scalia, in his criticism of the ACA, as displayed in his dissents in  both the NFIB case as well as the case of King v. Burwell, related to  the tax credits provided by the ACA.   So while the nominee has not said how she may rule in the case of  California v. Texas on whether the ACA is constitutional, she didn't  have to. We already know that, had she been on the Court in 2012 when  NFIB v. Sebelius was decided or in 2015 when King v. Burwell was  decided, she likely would have voted to invalidate key elements or all  of the ACA.  [[Page S6481]]    Between her public writings and President Trump's commitment to  appointing judges who are hostile to the ACA, I don't think it is a  stretch to imagine how a future Justice Barrett may vote in California  v. Texas. The stakes for millions of Americans are just too high to  support this nomination to the Supreme Court.    I am also concerned by Judge Barrett's extreme views on the Second  Amendment and the constitutionality of limits on gun possession. To  understand her position, one must first understand the test set in  District of Columbia v. Heller. This case involved a challenge to the  District of Columbia laws that generally made it unlawful to possess an  operable firearm in the home.   Justice Scalia authored the majority's opinion and was joined by  Justice Roberts and Justices Thomas, Kennedy, and Alito.   In Heller, the Supreme Court struck those laws down and affirmed the  right to keep guns in the home for self-defense, while making clear  that rights secured under the Second Amendment are not unlimited. The  Court provided a nonexhaustive list of gun restriction laws that were  presumptively lawful, including prohibitions on firearms possessed by  felons and the mentally ill.   However, in the case Kanter v. Barr, Judge Barrett filed a dissent  laying out a rationale that could lead to the striking down of even  commonsense gun restrictions. In this case, the plaintiff was convicted  of felony mail fraud and was subsequently prohibited from possessing a  firearm under both Federal and State law.   When he challenged these laws as violating the Second Amendment, the  majority concluded that Federal and State governments were entitled to  bar firearms possession by people convicted of felonies. Judge Barrett  disagreed and concluded that barring nonviolent felons from possessing  firearms is not allowed under the Second Amendment. She reasoned that,  in her words, ``History does not support the proposition that felons  lose their Second Amendment rights solely because of their status as  felons. But it does support the proposition that the state can take the  right to bear arms away from a category of people that it deems  dangerous.''   Her position lies outside the widely accepted view that gun  restrictions for public safety are constitutional under the Second  Amendment. Her opinion puts her to the right of Justice Scalia, who  delivered the majority opinion in Heller.   Her vote in Kanter makes it more likely that Judge Barrett would vote  to strike down similar restrictions on firearm possession, even by  individuals with serious criminal histories. This outcome alone is  concerning.   Beyond that, her views, coupled with the originalist approach to the  Second Amendment endorsed by several sitting Justices, portend that a  conservative majority could create stricter standards of scrutiny for  Second Amendment cases.   It is important to note that Justice Ginsburg joined other Justices  in declining opportunities to revisit Heller's application. That  includes the denial of ten certiorari petitions this past term that  called for the Court to review, and possibly invalidate, challenges to  State gun safety laws, including State concealed-carry laws, gun permit  requirements, and assault weapons bans.   Given that only four votes are needed to grant certiorari review,  Judge Barrett could play an important role in deciding whether the  Supreme Court adds Second Amendment cases to its docket. This could  generally put commonsense gun safety laws, even those that have been  upheld for years, at an increased risk of being overturned.   Furthermore, as part of a conservative majority, Judge Barrett could  initiate major rollbacks of privacy rights in one's own home life.  During her confirmation hearings, Judge Barrett declined to say whether  the Supreme Court cases--Griswold v. Connecticut, Lawrence v. Texas,  and Obergefell v. Hodges--were correctly decided. The Griswold case  from 1965, in particular, is a foundational case in this arena.  Griswold, holding that marital privacy extends to the right to buy and  use contraception, led to cases extending privacy in other reproductive  decisions. In her refusal, Judge Barrett took a departure from past  nominees who have affirmed that Griswold is settled law, including  Chief Justice Roberts and Justices Alito, Kavanaugh, and Kagan. Instead  of giving a straightforward answer, Judge Barrett contended that it is  unlikely that a related case would come before the Court and tried to  frame this issue as well settled. However, in Little Sisters of the  Poor V. Pennsylvania, it is notable that the Supreme Court has very  recently allowed Trump administration rules to go into effect, allowing  virtually any employer to deny contraceptive coverage based on  religious and moral objections. Therefore, it is clear that this issue  is not beyond dispute and could come back before the Court.   Obergefell and Lawrence were landmark cases that established privacy  rights around marriage and intimate relations between consenting  adults, regardless of their genders. While it may be unthinkable that  these and similar rights, which are integral to a person's ability to  construct their personal and family lives, could be undermined, there  are worrying indications that they may come again before the Court.   Just this month, Justices Thomas and Alito wrote that they see  Obergefell--which granted the right to same-sex marriage--as something  the Court needs to fix and that the decision has had ``ruinous  consequences for religious liberty.''   Given that Justice Ginsburg was a crucial vote in the Obergefell 5- to-4 opinion, it is conceivable that a 6-3 conservative Court could  chip away at equality were these rights to be relitigated.   A conservative Court may also act as a bulwark against further  expanding privacy protections in family life. For example, a case is  set to come before the Court this term, Fulton v. Philadelphia, in  which private agencies that receive taxpayer funding to provide  government services, such as foster care agencies, could be determined  to have a constitutional right to deny services to persons on the basis  of sexual orientation.   The next area of concern is how Judge Barrett's record will impact  workers' rights. Unfortunately, Judge Barrett has a record of voting in  favor of business interests. Judge Barrett voted to reject an en banc  review in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. AutoZone,  regarding an employer's policy of assigning Black and Latino employees  to stores in neighborhoods with people predominantly of their same  race--creating a ``Black store'' and a ``Hispanic store.'' Judge  Barrett's colleague who dissented called this a ``separate but equal  arrangement''--a type of unlawful discrimination, which was well  settled by Brown v. Board of Education.   During her confirmation hearings, she agreed that Brown was correctly  decided and beyond overruling. However, Judge Barrett's decision in  AutoZone indicates she is willing to accept racially segregated actions  by an employer, even when they would be difficult to reconcile with the  core holdings of Brown.   In another discrimination-related case, Kleber v. CareFusion, Judge  Barrett joined the en banc decision allowing an employer to post a job  application with maximum years of experience, essentially barring  applicants older in age. The majority took a narrow view that the  ambiguous language of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act did not  apply in this case, reasoning that it applied only to current employees  and not to job applicants.   In both AutoZone and Kleber, Judge Barrett has opened the door for  employers to run afoul of our country's civil rights laws. This is  particularly concerning because the Supreme Court will likely take up  cases deciding who is protected from workplace discrimination. For  example, the Court could face legal challenges in the wake of Bostock  v. Clayton County, which confirmed that title VII of the Civil Rights  Act prohibits employers from discriminating against LGBTQ people. The  majority's opinion, however, warned that future cases will determine  whether businesses could use religious freedom claims to ``supersede  Title VII's commands.''   Judge Barrett had additionally ruled against employees and gig  workers by limiting their ability to hold employers accountable through  collective arbitration in the cases, Herrington v.  [[Page S6482]]  Waterstone Mortgage and Wallace v. Grubhub Holdings. Given that  disputes around the rights of gig economy workers and the prevalence of  forced arbitration agreements are only increasing, related cases are  likely to come before the Supreme Court. It is notable, in coming to  her conclusion in Grubhub, Judge Barrett cited Epic Systems v. Lewis,  in which the Supreme Court held that arbitration agreements in which an  employee agrees to arbitrate any claims against an employer on an  individual basis--rather than as a class--are enforceable. In that  case, Justice Ginsburg took the rare step of reading a particularly  strong dissent from the bench, saying that the Court's ruling was  ``egregiously wrong'' and ``holds enforceable these arm-twisted, take- it-or-leave-it contracts--including the provisions requiring employees  to litigate wage and hours claims only one-by-one.'' Were a similar  case to come before the Supreme Court again, it is likely that Judge  Barrett and a conservative majority would take a sharp turn away from  Justice Ginsburg's legal position and make it harder for workers to get  their day in court.   I am further concerned that a 6-3 conservative majority Court could  have a drastic impact in limiting voting rights. Voter suppression has  a long history in this country, with Black voters being subjected to  violent intimidation and legally sanctioned disenfranchisement. In  recognition of this history and after decades of activism on the part  of many, President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act,  which in part required jurisdictions with a history of discrimination  to get approval before changing its voting rules. This process, known  as preclearance, was intended to prevent voter discrimination before it  occurred. This law had an immediate and positive impact in increasing  Black voter registration and turnout in the decades after it passed.   However, in Shelby County v. Holder, the Supreme Court's conservative  members argued in a 5-to-4 ruling that the preclearance formula was no  longer necessary and outdated, exactly because it was successful. In  her dissent, Justice Ginsburg famously pointed out the absurdity of the  majority's reasoning. She wrote that ``throwing out preclearance when  it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes  is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not  getting wet.'' Predictably, the ruling in Shelby opened the floodgates  for States to enact restrictive and insidious voting laws, including  strict voter identification, excessive voter purging, and  gerrymandering. In the wake of Shelby, the awesome power of the Supreme  Court to restore or further damage voting rights has become apparent.   That is why it is troubling that in her dissent in Kanter--which I  have already referred to--Judge Barrett framed the right to vote as a  lesser right and argued for States' ability to limit civic  participation. As I explained earlier, in the Kanter case, she  disagreed with the majority's opinion that found that all individuals  with felony convictions could be legally restricted from possessing a  firearm. The majority reasoned that Second Amendment protections belong  to virtuous citizens, meaning that persons who commit serious crimes  may forfeit those rights. Judge Barrett used this opportunity to  elevate the importance of Second Amendment rights in contrast with  voting rights. After evaluating the historical record, she concluded  that ``while scholars have not identified eighteenth or nineteenth or  century laws''--and it is interesting to note that we are being guided  by 18th and 19th century laws under Judge Barrett's legal theories.  ``While scholars have not identified eighteenth or nineteenth century  laws depriving felons of the right to bear arms, history does show that  felons could be disqualified from exercising certain rights--like the  rights to vote and serve on juries--because these rights belong only to  virtuous citizens.''    She explained that, in her view, gun rights are individual rights  conferred by the Second Amendment, and exclusions on nonvirtuous  citizens do not apply to individual rights. Judge Barrett then  distinguished the right to vote and sit on juries as belonging in a  different category called ``civic rights.'' She upheld the ability of  States to limit this class of rights based on virtue exclusions. In  doing so, she cited a history of State laws going back to 1820 that  excluded felons from voting. Judge Barrett, however, failed to include  in her analysis the very history of voter discrimination that led to  the passage of the Voting Rights Act and which would have given  important context to the laws that she cited, which sought to  disenfranchise individuals with criminal records.   I am also concerned because Judge Barrett refused to answer several  questions on voting and elections during her confirmation hearings.  Even when asked to confirm voter protections already enshrined in  Federal law, she was not able to give a straightforward answer. These  exchanges gave me pause that Judge Barrett has not displayed an  appreciation for the norms that make our democratic and electoral  institutions function.   I would next like to focus on Judge Barrett's potential in limiting  the authority of the Federal and, indeed, State governments. If  confirmed to the Supreme Court, Judge Barrett's judicial philosophy of  originalism is poised to diminish the role of Congress as effective  policymakers. This method of interpretation could disregard the  commonsense application and spirit of Federal laws. An example of this  is the case I discussed earlier, NFIB v. Sebelius, where the Court  decided with a 5-4 majority that the ACA's individual mandate is  constitutional. The Court, however, created a new limitation on  Congress's authority to act under the Commerce Clause. Using an  originalist approach, the Court found that Congress can regulate  commercial activity but rejected the idea it could compel an individual  to engage in it. The majority did uphold the Congress's power to do so  under its article I powers to levy taxes. Alarmingly, four dissenting  Justices--Justices Scalia, Thomas, Kennedy, and Alito--expressed the  view that neither the Commerce Clause nor Congress's taxing powers  supported the individual mandate. I will note that, had Judge Barrett  been on the Court, she likely would have joined the dissenting  Justices, and this case might have gone the other way.   The implications of this case are significant. Taken together, Chief  Justice Roberts' opinion and the dissent are centered around the idea  that the use of a Commerce Clause and/or Congress's taxing power under  the ACA was a major legislative overreach. It signals that the Court  increasingly sees these and potentially other congressional authorities  as having more limits. So in the future, when Congress tries to use its  power for a novel purpose, it may be susceptible to challenges in the  courts. If the Court continues to shift in this direction, it will have  consequences for Federal legislation beyond the ACA. As a result,  Congress's authority to robustly address climate change, civil rights,  new technology, and other national challenges through legislation could  be stymied or diminished over time.   And with Judge Barrett's fascination with the exact meaning of the  original writers of the Constitution, I wonder what their thoughts were  about nuclear energy, satellites in space, a U.S. Air Force, which was  not specifically authorized in the Constitution. I think we will find  ourselves in a very difficult position where when we face the  challenges of climate change, cyber warfare, that a Court that looks  back will not grant Congress the authority to protect the American  people.   Also limiting the authority of the Federal Government, a 6-to-3  conservative majority could take on a more aggressive judicial review  of agency actions. Several members of the Supreme Court have already  called for the reconsideration of the Chevron decision. This is a legal  doctrine that instructs the Federal judiciary to defer to a Federal  agency's reasonable interpretation of an ambiguous or unclear statute  that it administers.   If the Supreme Court overturns the Chevron deference, it could strike  down agency rules that do not comport with the Court's interpretation  of the statute. This could make toothless environmental, food and drug  safety, labor, and a host of other regulations enacted for the benefit  of the workers and consumers. It would also shift the Court's decisions  in favor of the corporate and  [[Page S6483]]  special interests that tend to challenge these agency regulations in  the first place.   One of reasons that the agencies were given the authority to  implement our laws--given by Congress to the agencies--was their  expertise, an expertise that in most cases far exceeds that of the U.S.  Supreme Court.   Now, I intend to vote against the nomination of Judge Amy Coney  Barrett to be an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court because I  am convinced that she will not guard core constitutional principles,  that she will not interpret the law to protect the rights of the  vulnerable, and that she will read the law with a backward-looking  perspective, not consistent with the realities of our time and the  growing dangers that we face in the future.   As my Republican colleagues accelerate this nomination at a breakneck  pace, it speaks to the deeply misplaced priorities of this body. We  simply should be not be undertaking a Supreme Court nomination at this  time, especially when it should rightfully take place during the next  Presidential term after the voters have made their decision.   The Senate's foremost priority right now should be to provide  additional pandemic relief. My colleagues have displayed a profound  lack of urgency to address the many challenges Americans face due to  the pandemic. This is despite the repeated warnings from public health  experts and economists about what will happen if we do not enact  additional fiscal aid.   However, my Republican colleagues continue to turn a blind eye, even  as COVID-19 cases spike, businesses close, unemployment remains high,  and States consider deeper budget cuts. Under these extraordinary  circumstances, I cannot support Judge Barrett's nomination to the  Supreme the Court of the United States.   I urge my Republican colleagues to stop this shortsighted rush. Let's  put the best interests of the country first. Let's wait a few more days  and let the American people have a say. Let's focus on the COVID-19  crisis, which demands our immediate attention. Just because you can do  something doesn't mean you are doing the right thing. I strongly  believe my Republican colleagues are making a major mistake that will  be doing lasting damage to both this institution and the Supreme Court,  and I urge them to reconsider.   Instead of pushing forward with this ill-suited nominee, let's get to  the business at hand: addressing the great challenges we face due to  the pandemic and beyond, as well as working together to fix the Senate  so that we no longer break faith with the people who sent us here, the  people we represent.   With that, I yield the floor.   