 Mr. President, on Thursday, the Senate Judiciary  Committee advanced the nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett  unanimously. It was unanimous because our Democratic colleagues sought  to boycott the meeting. But what they basically did was expedite  consideration of her nomination.   It was really kind of puzzling to see the chairs that were set aside  for our Democratic colleagues filled with large, blown-up pictures, and  I will sort of get to that in a moment, the false narrative that we  have seen here because our colleagues cannot successfully attack the  character or the qualifications of this incredible nominee to this seat  on the Supreme Court.   Judge Barrett discussed everything from the separation of powers to  the free expression clause of the First Amendment. Many of us marveled  at her knowledge and her ability to recall facts and legal decisions  without so much as even a note in front of her.   It is no surprise that the American Bar Association, which the  minority leader has called the gold standard, gave her their highest  rating.   The chair of the Standing Committee on the Judiciary said: ``[I]n  interviews with individuals in the legal profession and community who  know Judge Barrett, whether for a few years or decades, not one person  uttered a negative word about her character.''   That assessment is in line with the glowing letters of support we  have seen from her former colleagues and students whose political  philosophies and beliefs fall across the entire political spectrum.   What we have repeatedly heard is about Judge Barrett's brilliance,  her strong character, her great temperament, and her impressive  humility. Judge Barrett, I am convinced, will serve our Nation well in  the Supreme Court.   It is clear that the mountains of evidence stand in sharp contrast to  the portrait our colleagues across the aisle have attempted to paint of  this nominee. Democrats have tried to claim that she is somehow ``too  radical,'' despite the fact that in her 3 years on the Seventh Circuit  Court of Appeals, she has agreed with her colleagues 95 percent of the  time in the 600 cases they have decided.   Back in 2017, when she was nominated to the Seventh Circuit, she was  attacked explicitly because of her Catholic faith, even though our  colleagues know that under the Constitution, no religious test is  permissible, really suggesting that because of her faith, she couldn't  follow her oath to decide cases on the facts and the law that come  before her--truly insulting and completely out of character with the  person we saw in Judge Barrett in front of the Judiciary Committee.   Our colleagues even went so far as to hold up a chart with more than  100 cases listed and claimed that Judge Barrett would overturn every  single one of those precedents. There is certainly no evidence of that.  Nothing in the record would suggest it. With her fidelity to the law,  do you think she would be so reckless? Well, of course not. There is  just no evidence to support it.   But we know that because they couldn't attack her on the merits, they  decided to use fearmongering instead. Through innuendo, misinformation,  and intellectually dishonest arguments, they have been trying to stoke  fears about how she may rule on a case she has not even heard yet. This  is sort of a sky-is-falling argument, a Chicken Little argument.   It really has more to do with the way our Democratic colleagues view  the judicial branch. They view it as another political branch, as  opposed to an apolitical branch that is supposed to interpret the law  and the facts and decide cases on their own merits.   Instead of addressing her judicial philosophy, our Democratic  colleagues eagerly shared their plan, should she be confirmed, to pack  the Supreme Court with additional Justices to give them the political  results they cannot achieve with the current composition of the Court.   This is something that Ruth Bader Ginsburg explicitly condemned,  saying that this would turn the Supreme Court into just another  political body. You can imagine if Democrats, when they are in power,  decide to add additional judges who may decide cases in the way they  would like to see them decided, the temptation would be great for the  other side of the aisle to add judges to the Supreme Court. It would  completely destroy what has been rightly called the crown jewels of our  Constitution, and that is our independent judiciary.   For many Americans, the idea of mutating our only apolitical branch  of government is absolutely terrifying. So, not surprisingly, our  colleagues across the aisle have tried to rebrand and call this  rebalancing the Court. Back home, this is what we call putting lipstick  on a pig.   Using words like ``rebalance'' is a way to obscure, really, what  their goal is. They want to seize what they view as an unaccountable  body and use it to secure wins they can't win in the rough and tumble  of the legislative process. If you can't win an election, if you can't  win a vote in Congress, well, get the Supreme Court, get the judiciary  to bail you out. That is not the appropriate role of judges or the  judiciary under our Constitution.   Our Democratic colleagues seem absolutely fearful about judges who  will actually apply the law as written. They want somebody to impose a  result that they wish were required.   They want judges to evaluate cases not by the letter of the law but  through the same lens of personal and political biases. In short, they  don't really want a fair and impartial judge  [[Page S6428]]  like Judge Barrett. They want a guaranteed result.   Our Democratic colleagues repeatedly pushed Judge Barrett to say how  she would rule on future cases. They asked her to share her personal  views on controversial issues. They demanded a commitment from her to  recuse herself from specific cases. But, once again, Judge Barrett  proved why she is the right person for this job. She followed the  precedent set by former and current Justices and respectfully refrained  from answering those sorts of provocative questions.   Contrary to what our Democratic colleagues believe, Supreme Court  Justices are not life-tenured superlegislators. They are obligated to  apply the law as written--no favors, no biases, no predetermined  outcomes. That is what Judge Ginsburg said when she was confirmed, and  that is why it is so important to confirm Amy Coney Barrett.   She has artfully demonstrated her understanding of the role of the  judiciary and shown she has the temperament, the intellect, and the  experience to serve on the Nation's highest Court.   She won't impose her personal beliefs. She said that time and again.  And to suggest that she would somehow violate her judicial oath in a  future case is inconsistent with everything we have come to know about  Amy Coney Barrett.   She won't impose her personal beliefs. She won't try to favor one  side or the other, and she won't legislate from the bench. That is  exactly the kind of nominee that Republicans and Democrats should want  on the High Court.   So I look forward to supporting Judge Barrett's nomination on Monday,  when we finally vote to confirm her   