 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, here we are again. It is late September,  and the budget work has not been completed yet. It seems terribly  familiar to this body, and it is frustrating. It is not as if no one  knew September was coming; it was on the calendar. When I first looked  at it in January this year, September already existed on the calendar.   It is not as if we didn't know what all the deadlines were. Everyone  knew full well what all the deadlines were.   We can say it is the pandemic that slowed everything down, except for  the fact that all of the appropriations work could have already been  done, and much of the committee work could have been done. Some was  done by the House but not completed. It can be done by the Senate, but  it was not.   So here we are again, watching the countdown clock toward a  government shutdown as we discuss what happens next.   Things have been tied up this week with what is called a continuing  resolution. This body knows--others may not--that a continuing  resolution is literally taking last year's appropriations bills,  changing the dates, and moving them over to the new one. This  particular continuing resolution stretches until December 11, when we  would have to pick it up and pass more appropriations for another  continuing resolution at that time.   The fight this week has been over whether we are going to support  rural America and agriculture. The House originally drafted a  continuing resolution that left out all of the agriculture projects  that were in it. The Senate, obviously, threw a fit over that and  asked: Why are we supporting everything, including benefits to Sri  Lanka to get added to the House's proposal for the continuing  resolution, but you won't do so for America's farmers?   So, in the back-and-forth conversation this week, the House had to  extend. Then it went another day. Then the House finally put the  agriculture projects back in--and still left in, by the way, benefit  for Sri Lanka.   Our ongoing conversations continue, though, about airlines. On  October 1, airlines across the country are going to lay off 100,000  people--100,000. We have asked for some engagement on the issue of  these airlines. In the CARES Act, back in March, we gave an extension  to those airline workers so that the airline workers and the airlines  could still stay connected to each other even when we were in this  downtime. We are getting very close to a vaccine. It is like we can see  the light on the other end of the tunnel, but it is not a train this  time; it is actually light. We are going to get through this pandemic,  but for whatever reason, the House refuses to deal with the issue of  how to help airline workers at all, not even to do half of what was  done in the past, not even to do a portion of what was done in the  CARES Act. It has been exceptionally frustrating.   It has been the same issue with the House in its not wanting to do  anything on the Paycheck Protection Program. For the smallest  businesses in America and for nonprofits, the House has put out a  multitrillion-dollar proposal, and it doesn't even include anything for  small businesses.   We have continued to ask how we can address the issue of small  businesses here. How can we extend the Paycheck Protection Program and  give a second round to the hardest hit businesses? We don't think it is  that unreasonable. As we are nearing the end, we need to help them  bridge the gap at this point, but for whatever reason, it is not  included either as we work our way through this process.   Now, I don't know what will happen in the next few hours as we deal  with the continuing resolution that will come from the House, but there  is no reason we should be talking about a government shutdown again.   A year ago, I and Senator Hassan, the Democratic Senator from New  Hampshire, sat down to talk through how we could end government  shutdowns forever so that government workers across the DC region and  across the country would not be living in fear of being furloughed and  so that Americans who would want to be able to connect with different  agencies would be able to do that at all times, but we would still be  able to have the arguments that are needed to be able to resolve budget  issues.   It may be surprising to some people across the country that  Republicans and Democrats don't agree on everything in the budget.  Shocking, I know. We should be able to have that fight, though, on the  budget, but it should not lead to a government shutdown in the process.  Government shutdowns cost us money every time it happens.   So my and Senator Hassan's simple resolution resolves the issue by  just asking one question: Who needs pressure applied to them to deal  with the issue, and what is the pressure that needs to be applied?   Our straightforward answer is this: Members of Congress and our  staffs and the Office of Management and Budget and the White House  should have the pressure applied to us to get it done. The easiest way  to apply pressure to all of us is to take away our time. It is pretty  straightforward.   Here is our proposal: If you get to the end of the budget year and  the appropriations work is not done, we will have mandatory quorum  calls in this body at 12 noon every single day, 7 days a week, until we  get all of the appropriations work done. None of us could travel. We  would all stay here in DC.   I will tell you that I really want to see my family on the weekends.  I also have people back in my State with whom I have appointments whom  I need to be able to see, and I have responsibilities there. I want to  get back to my State of Oklahoma and be with those folks.   I am sure all of you would love to get back to Oklahoma, but you  would probably head back to your States instead.   We want to be home. We want to be able to meet with our constituents.  We want to take care of the practical needs that are there. The way to  do that is to get our work done here.  [[Page S5816]]    I have had folks say: Well, just take away everyone's money. Say,  ``No budget, no pay.'' It makes a great bumper sticker. The problem is,  as many people in this body know, there are a lot of folks in this body  who are multimillionaires, and if they were honest, they would say  their congressional salaries are rounding errors to their investments  every month.   Good for you, but it is not a pressure point. Taking away your  congressional salary is not an emphasis to actually get the work done.   Taking away time is a way to be able to press people to actually get  their work done.   Senator Hassan and I have worked it through the committee process;  have passed it through the Homeland Security Committee; and have set it  up. It has already been rule XIV'd, and it is on our Calendar now. At  any moment, we in this body could determine to end government  shutdowns. We will never have one again. If we get to the end of the  fiscal year, a continuing resolution will kick in automatically, and we  will all stay until we finish the negotiations for the appropriations  work. However heated, however long that may take, we will stay and  finish it until it is done.   It is the right thing for us to do, and it is the right way to handle  it. It is not pressure on the Federal workers. The Federal workers  don't have the ability to make the decision here.   Some people say: Well, those folks in DC can just tough it out  anyway.   Well, it is not just those folks in DC, though there are a lot of  folks in DC who are working very hard for Americans all over the  country. Just in my State of Oklahoma, there are 4,300 Federal  employees who work in agriculture, who work for Housing and Urban  Development, who work for the FAA--who work for all kinds of entities  that take care of families in Oklahoma. They also deserve the privilege  of continuing their service to their neighbors, just as always, while  we are resolving our differences here.   So my request is the same as it was last year: Why are we talking  about the possibility of there being a government shutdown again when  we could take that off the table forever with a straightforward,  bipartisan proposal that says we will never again have a government  shutdown?   We will work out our differences because we do have differences, but  we will not hold Federal workers hostage in the process. We will just  stay and work out our differences.   I look forward to seeing the vote on the continuing resolution and  avoiding a shutdown again, but I look much more forward to never having  shutdowns again when Senator Hassan's and my bill is finally voted on  and passed   I yield the floor.   