 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to, in a minute, ask unanimous  consent to call up and pass the Intercountry Adoption Information Act  of 2019, but first let me say that this is a strong bipartisan bill  that was first introduced in March of 2019, with Senators Cardin,  Blunt, Klobuchar, Tillis, Brown, and Wicker as original cosponsors.  When the House considered its version of the bill last year, it passed  397 to 0. Let repeat that, 397 to 0. No House Member objected to it.   Our country is divided on many issues right now, but one thing that  unites most of us is the belief that all children deserve to grow up in  a permanent, loving home. This is a matter of justice and recognizing  the intrinsic dignity in every human being. Many, many Americans have  done more than just hold this belief; they have acted on it, adopting  children both domestically and internationally.   According to the most recent available statistics, however,  intercountry adoption has dramatically declined in recent years. Last  year, fewer than 3,000 children were adopted in the United States--down  from nearly 23,000 in 2004. There are numerous reasons for this  decline, many of which warrant continued efforts to ensure that orphan  children are given the chance to grow up in a loving home, whether in  their own country or here in the United States.   We must address any barriers by examining our own policies and how  they are implemented and by working internationally to help more  children grow up in families.   Each year, the State Department releases its annual report on  intercountry adoptions--a key document that keeps families, adoption  agencies, and policymakers informed about the state of adoption. The  report is publicly available, and it includes, among other things, the  number of intercountry adoptions involving immigration to the United  States and the country from which each child emigrates, the time  required for completion of the adoption, and the information on the  adoption agencies, their fees, and their work.   But to better tackle this issue, we need to provide more transparency  and accountability about some of the critical factors affecting  intercountry adoption. The Intercountry Adoption Information Act adds  additional key elements to this report by requiring the State  Department to provide information on, one, countries that have enacted  policies to prevent adoptions from the United States; two, actions the  State Department has taken which have prevented adoptions to the United  States; and, three, for each of these, how the State Department has  worked to encourage the resumption of intercountry adoptions.   There are children around the world whose only chance to grow up in a  family is through the Intercountry Adoption Program. There are families  in the United States who are eager to open their arms, their homes,  their hearts to these children.   I ask unanimous consent, at this time, to call up and pass H.R. 1952,  to further transparency accountability and to ensure we are working  toward the goal of enabling all children to have families which love  them. I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations  be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1952 and the House  proceed to its immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I now would like to talk about a special  project in North Carolina which involves my former partner from North  Carolina, Senator Kay Hagan.   We are currently in the process of building a brand-new FAA tower at  the Piedmont Triad International Airport in Greensboro, NC. The bill  before us  [[Page S5919]]  would name the currently under-construction air traffic tower after  Senator Kay Hagan.   The late Senator Hagan worked tirelessly to secure the funding for  the new tower, and it will serve as a fitting tribute to her legacy as  a Senator and her work on behalf of the citizens of North Carolina.   Once completed in 2022, the 180-foot tower will not only provide a  state-of-the-art traffic facility for PTI Airport but also serve other  general aviation airports in a rather large geographic region. In one  of her last public appearances, in June of 2019, Senator Hagan was able  to participate in the groundbreaking ceremony of that FAA tower.   This bill has bipartisan support in the Senate, including Senators  Klobuchar, Warner, and Tillis. A companion bill has also been  introduced in the House by Representative Budd with a majority of the  delegation supporting, including Representatives Price, Butterfield,  and Adams.   This is a testament to Senator Hagan and shows how we can continue to  work together to not only achieve great things for our constituents but  also recognize the achievements of public servants like Kay Hagan.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of S. 4762, introduced earlier today.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, that is all the unanimous consent requests  I have today, but since the floor is vacant, let me take this  opportunity to say that the American people have just seen that the  Senate can function, the Senate can pass legislation, the Senate can  find legislation that both sides agree on.   Yes, we, quite frankly, have issues on which we disagree, but why not  spend the balance of this week, the balance of this year, focused on  the things that we can find agreement on and come to this floor and  debate them and pass them. There are many more things that we agree  upon, on both sides of the aisle, than we disagree upon.   There are some hot-button issues that we will probably never find  unanimity on, but there are many, many things that affect thousands, if  not millions, of people's lives in this country that we can do by  simple unanimous consent. It just takes a willingness of 100 members of  the U.S. Senate to agree to take it up.   So I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: Don't be the one  or don't be part of the contingent that objects to something. If it is  in the best interest of this institution, of this country, of the  American people, let it come up. Let it have a debate, and let it have  a vote--hopefully, a unanimous consent request like we have just seen.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   