 Madam President, I ask unanimous  [[Page S3146]]  consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor to  continue a conversation, a dialogue, about the importance of moving  forward on the motion to proceed on the JUSTICE Act.   It was just an hour and a half ago, in front of the entire press  corps, when I, Leader McConnell, and the leadership team on the  Republican side had a very open conversation with the press about fact  that voting for this motion to proceed is voting for an open process.  He said--and I agree--that this process must be open. I have asked that  we have amendments, and the leader has said yes.   So, to my friends on the other side who believe that somehow--in some  way--this does not include an actual open process, wherein you have a  chance over several days, in the sight of the public, to talk about and  offer your amendments, that is wrong. If you want a process whereby you  will have an opportunity to persuade those in this body and the  American people about the value of your amendments, this motion to  proceed is a motion you should vote for. More importantly, rather than  persuading the American people that this is a motion to proceed that  you should vote for, if you really want to get into police reform, we  will need a vehicle with which to get there. The JUSTICE Act is that  vehicle.   Speaker Pelosi herself said--and I do not often quote Speaker Pelosi  or even paraphrase Speaker Pelosi about something that she and I might  agree on, but I agree here--that it would be important for us to have a  conference, which would require this body to pass legislation. Then it  would go to conference with the House. The only way we will pass  legislation in this body is for there to be a bipartisan coalition of  Republicans and Democrats, working together, because a majority of the  Senate is not 51 out of 100. From a legislative purpose, the majority  of the Senate is 60 votes. That means we require 60 votes to even start  the process of saying to little boys and girls in communities of color  around this country: We see you. We hear you.   I grew up in some impoverished communities and in a single-parent  household--mired in poverty. I understand how it feels to leave your  home, get in a car, and be afraid of being stopped. I get that. I have  spoken about that too many times already. What I will say is that this  body has a chance to say to those kids: We see you. We hear your  concerns.   A motion to proceed is simply a procedural motion that says: Let's  debate the underlying bill. Let's have a conversation in front of all  of the American people about the importance of doing police reform the  right way. If you don't trust the Republicans or if you don't trust the  Democrats, you get to watch the process play out right here, within the  world's greatest deliberative body--you can watch it play out right  here, live on C-SPAN--and come to your own conclusions about the  seriousness of this issue. Yet if we miss that golden opportunity--if  we miss the opportunity to debate the underlying issues--all you will  wind up with will be talking points and campaigns.   You see, some believe that one side would rather campaign on police  reform than solve police issues. I believe that both sides of the aisle  have vast majorities of people who are willing to come to the table to  have a serious debate on the underlying issues that have brought  combustion into this Chamber and solve them, not have them explode. All  of us do not have to tackle the issues like I did when I was 16 and 17  and 18 and 25 and 26 and 30. We are all here now on this sacred ground,  and we have the ability to say to that young man and to that young  lady: We didn't just see you. We didn't just hear you. We acted on it.  By doing so, I believe we can make a difference in the lives of  Americans whom we actually save.   There have been some criticisms. I sat in my office and listened to  some of the criticisms about our JUSTICE Act by my friends on the other  side. One of the criticisms was that the JUSTICE Act does not require  new reporting measures on use of force. What? I sat in my office,  speechless, because our legislation absolutely, positively,  unequivocally requires more information. The House bill has a 10- percent penalty, and our legislation has a 20-percent penalty, or twice  the penalty.   I heard that our legislation does not ban no-knock warrants, which is  critically important because, in Louisville, KY, the conversation  around no-knock warrants took a drastic turn in the wrong direction  that led to the killing of Breonna Taylor. My friends were talking  about how the House bill--their bill--bans no-knock warrants in drug  cases, but when you open the legislation and read the pages, what it  does ban are no-knock warrants for Federal agents. In Louisville, KY,  those were not Federal agents. So the complaint and the concerns about  what actually helps situations in places like Louisville, KY, aren't  answered by the House bill   I will be honest. In our legislation, we want to get the data around  no-knock warrants so that we can actually direct the resources and the  decisions in the right way. So, yes, you could say ours allows for a  more deliberative process. Well, let's debate that, and let's come to  an agreement.   Next, I heard that the JUSTICE Act would not end choke holds and that  their legislation would actually ban choke holds. Let's take a closer  look. That is false. With strict penalties facing local police  departments, they go after choke holds by holding off on grant dollars  for local agencies and State agencies. Our legislation does the exact  same thing. We go after local departments and State agencies by  withdrawing some grant dollars.   What theirs says about the ban on choke holds applies only to Federal  agents. That is really important. Why is that important? When you are  watching at home, you hear there will be a ban on choke holds, but you  don't necessarily make the correlation or have the information to reach  the conclusion that they are talking only about Federal agents. Why is  that important? Because Eric Garner's was not an incident with a  Federal agent. It was not.   For 700,000 of the 800,000 law enforcement officers, the ban would  not apply. That is really important information to share with the  American people. Why is this so? It is called the Constitution. It is a  pesky, little thing sometimes, but it is a fact. The Constitution does  not allow for the Federal Government to dictate to those in local law  enforcement what they can and cannot do. So they use the inducement of  resources at the Federal level.   I talked to 10 Democratic Senators today, and I told them all the  same: Let's get on the floor and amend the bill and see what happens.  By the way, our legislation says the same thing. We instruct the AG to  figure out how to ban it for Federal officers, and we reduce money and  take money away as a penalty for those departments that have not banned  choke holds.   The President's Executive order says that the certification process  must include being certified by a governing agency that doesn't look  favorably on choke holds. So whether you are in the House or whether  you are a Senate Democrat or Republican or are in the White House, we  are all closing in on the same outcome.   Here is what may be just as important as the distinctions that, I  hope, I have cleared up as to the differences that are not necessarily  the biggest differences on the important issues of what they said this  morning was not what we were doing. I think selling something is  important, but you can sell by manipulating or you can sell by  motivating. I want to be clear that our legislation says what it says,  not what others say it doesn't say.   Why am I so passionate about this issue? Beyond my 18 stops as a  person of color, beyond my issues here in the Senate, beyond the fact  that I am the one who grew up in poverty, in a single-parent  household--beyond that point--in my legislation, which is the Senate  Republican legislation, and the House legislation, there is so much  common ground on which we can work, and to lose this moment for the  kids and the young adults who are watching this process would be  terrible. Let me give you a couple of examples of what I mean by the  things that we have in common.   Both sides agree on more deescalation training and on duty-to- intervene  [[Page S3147]]  training. Both sides agree on ending choke holds. Both sides agree on  passing anti-lynching legislation. Oh, by the way, I and Senator  Grassley--the then-chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary--worked  with Senator Harris and Senator Booker to get it passed not once in  this Chamber but twice. It stalled in the House before it stalled over  here. We got it done twice, and it is another area of agreement. Both  sides agree on the importance of more minority hiring in law  enforcement. Both sides agree that more body-worn cameras are a good  thing. We actually go further and have penalties for not having the  body cameras on, but both sides agree. Both sides agree on the creation  of a National Criminal Justice Commission, which, by the way, was the  No. 1 recommendation of President Obama's Task Force on 21st Century  Policing.   So why can't both sides agree on a motion to proceed? If there is  that much commonality in the underlying legislation, if we are all  watching the same pictures that we have all found disgusting and  unbelievable, why can't we agree on tackling the issues in a  substantive way here on the floor of the world's greatest deliberative  body? That is what we are supposed to do here. We debate the issues. I  want the Nation to see; I want the public to see; I want the world to  see; I want all of America to see our debating this issue.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   