 Thank you, Mr. President. Thousands of Americans are  protesting in communities across our country demanding that our country  be better. The protests are an expression of grief for Ms. Taylor and  Mr. Floyd and Mr. Arbery and Mr. Brooks and so many other Black  Americans murdered by the people who are supposed to protect them. They  are an expression of frustration and anger. It is 2020. It is the year  2020, a century and a half after the official end of slavery, five and  a half decades after the passage of the Civil Rights Act, and still  Black Americans are fighting the same fight. They are also an  expression of hope against racism. We demand that our country do  better. Demanding that we live up to our founding ideals is one of the  most patriotic things anyone can do.   We need to listen to the Black voices leading these calls for justice  and take real action. That is what Democrats want to do, and my  colleagues Senator Harris and Senator Booker and the Congressional  Black Caucus in the House have led bicameral efforts and have a serious  plan, the Justice in Policing Act. Everybody knows it is a serious  plan--everybody. It would implement real, meaningful reform. It would  actually hold police accountable. It makes clear: no more choke holds,  no more unchecked police misconduct, no more militarization of police.   Of course, we know this isn't the only thing we need to do. Policing  didn't create institutional racism; it is a product of it and often  reinforces it. We have a lot of work to do beyond this, but these  reforms are an important start to making policing in our country more  just.   The Justice in Policing Act would create real change in our justice  system, and communities across the country can't afford for us to not  act on this meaningful legislation. What we cannot do is pass something  just called police reform that does so little to actually reform  policing and then turn around and tell Black mothers and fathers whose  children who have been slain: See, we solved it. Our work here is done.   I respect Senator Scott, and I appreciate his coming to the table and  taking on this issue. I know he is fighting an uphill battle with his  own caucus. I know that. So many on his side of the aisle don't want to  do anything, but they think they need to check the box.   I want to work with Senator Scott and with anyone of either party on  real solutions. All of us on our side do. But I am not willing to  participate in a political charade to vote on something that has no  chance to lead to real change. It just checks a box and provides  politicians with a talking point. It is an insult to Black families who  have been fed empty promise after empty promise, year after year,  decade after decade, generation after generation.   We need to listen to the communities that suffer the most at the  hands of police violence. They all agree that the Senate Republican  bill is simply not serious. It will not fix the problems. We will be  right back here sooner rather than later. Virtually every major civil  rights group opposes this bill: the NAACP Legal Defense Fund; the Urban  League; the Young Women's Christian Association, one of the most  important civil rights and women's rights organizations in the country.   It doesn't ban no-knock warrants; the Justice in Policing Act does.  It doesn't stop the militarization of police departments; the Justice  in Policing Act does. It doesn't create a national misconduct registry;  the Justice in Policing Act does. It doesn't ban choke holds; the  Justice in Policing Act does. These are all steps that civil rights  groups have said are critical to any reform effort. It is the bare  minimum.   All this bill offers is more studies of questions we already know the  answers to. We don't need more studies. We don't need more task forces.  We don't need, as Senator McConnell specializes in, more delaying  tactics. We need accountability. The JUSTICE Act even puts us in danger  of moving in the opposite direction by providing more funding for  policing without adequate rules and regulations and without a similar  investment in community support.   The NAACP says this bill ``ignores the public demands to reimagine  public safety by shrinking the purview of law enforcement and providing  better funding to agencies equipped to address the critical needs of  communities such as social services, mental health services, and  education.''   The Urban League says this Scott bill ``dances around the edges in a  show of political posturing.''   We refuse to engage in that political posturing. We refuse to act  like it is just a box we check and then we can move on. We refuse to  insult Black Americans by pretending--pretending--this is a serious  effort. People have suffered too long for that.   We have been here before. This isn't the first wave of protests or  the second. In 2014, after the murders of Tamir Rice in my city of  Cleveland and Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO, President Obama's  legislation laid important groundwork for reform. They studied what  reforms would be most effective. They instituted consent decrees with  cities to hold departments accountable, and they created a roadmap we  could follow. But President Trump undid much of the progress the Obama  administration made.   The Urban League put out a plan for reform around the time of the  murder of Tamir Rice after Michael Brown's murder in 2014. Since then,  nearly 1,300 Black men and women--think of that--more than 1,300 Black  men and women have been fatally shot by the police since the deaths of  Michael Brown and Tamir Rice 6 years ago. This bill does nothing to  stop the practices that killed them.   Black Americans know their lives are put in danger by police every  day. We must listen to them. People all around the country--Black and  White and Brown, in small towns and big cities, young and old--are  listening, waking up, and joining the calls for change. The peaceful  demonstrations and protests all over my State in Black and White  neighborhoods and integrated communities and small towns and rural  Ohio, in big cities, in suburbs everywhere--let's follow their lead.  Let's actually hear the voices that have been silenced for too long.   I urge my colleagues to vote no and, instead, to work with us on  real, meaningful reform to transform our public safety system into one  that actually keeps people safe   I yield the floor.   