 Mr. President, I want to thank the senior Senator from  Michigan for her leadership. I will say more about her work in a  moment.   We would not be here tonight talking about this program that we know  by the acronym, but the words are all important, Supplemental Nutrition  Assistance Program--SNAP--what we used to call food stamps. We wouldn't  be here without her leadership and those who made food insecurity and  anti-hunger initiatives a priority.   This is a program that I believe is core to our responsibility to  support American families during this national crisis--the public  health crisis and the jobs crisis. This program, the Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program, is a lifeline for millions of Americans  to access the food they need to survive. I think that is an  understatement. As the junior Senator from Oregon, Mr. Merkley, just  said, this is about life itself. This is about being able to live and  being able to survive. No human being can survive without food, and so  many go without food on a regular basis. So many others are food  insecure, but that doesn't mean they have not felt the pain we are  talking about.   I wanted to say just a couple of words about Senator Stabenow because  this has been not just an issue for her, not just a program, the SNAP  program, and not just a cause of food insecurity, but it has really  been a passion for her. Some people are mission-driven in their work.  She has been one of those Senators who has been mission-driven to make  sure we are doing everything  [[Page S4127]]  we can with every opportunity, every budget, every season of the  Senate; that we do everything we can to help the most vulnerable.   Someday, many years from now when many of us may not be around, there  may be folks who are chronicling or summarizing the history of the  Senate on particular issues. I am sure, just as we make reference to  work that has preceded us or Senators who have preceded us--I have no  doubt when a Senator stands up on this floor years from now, maybe even  decades from now, and they talk about the Supplemental Nutrition  Assistance Program, if they start to itemize or catalog or list the  Senators who had the most profound impact on this program, Senator  Stabenow will be one of very few who will be listed in such a chronicle  of the advocacy done for the SNAP program.   William Jennings Bryan said a long time ago, in a different context,  but he said it well about a cause, about how one person can make such a  difference on one issue or one cause. We have seen some of that lately  with Americans demanding action on a range of issues--marching and  protesting for criminal justice reform or changes to policing or  advocates for healthcare or whatever issue, whatever cause. William  Jennings Bryan said it well. I think he said it in 1896: ``The humblest  citizen in all the land, when clad . . . in a righteous cause, is  stronger than all the hosts of error.''   ``When clad . . . in a righteous cause, is stronger than all the  hosts of error.''   I think what he meant by that is that one citizen can have a huge  impact. What we have even with Senator Stabenow's work is one Senator  who can have an impact. This has been for her, I know, her righteous  cause, and the country is better for her service and better for her  work on this issue.   What are we talking about here? When we say food insecurity, that may  not sound too threatening to a lot of people. That means you are  hungry. The person we are talking about might be an adult, but all too  many times it is a child. When a child is hungry, it is hard as an  adult to really fully understand what that means. I never lived a day  of my life when I was hungry the whole day or the second day or the  third day, so I really can't explain it. I never experienced it. I  think that is probably true of most Members of Congress. Maybe growing  up for some, they were, but many, of course, now don't feel that sense  of food insecurity.   It is a devastating reality for tens of millions of Americans. That  was the case before the jobs crisis, before the COVID-19 public health  crisis. It is ever more so now in the aftermath of the onset of the  virus and while we are still in the grip of this COVID-19 disease--what  we know and are describing worldwide as a pandemic.   The pandemic has only made this crisis worse. Even more urgent is the  crisis of food insecurity and economic insecurity. The unemployment  numbers that we see now are further exacerbating what were already the  undeniable realities of hunger, poverty, and food insecurity in this  country.   I know, for example, in my home State of Pennsylvania--I haven't seen  the May numbers yet, but April numbers were high: 15 percent  unemployment, 975,000 people out of work, heading toward a million  people out of work in one State. I am certain that number will be lower  in May, and thank God for that, and I hope lower in June again.   When you are saying in one State there are hundreds of thousands more  on top of the unemployed numbers from March, you can understand the  terrible impact. When we talk about unemployment, that often leads to  food insecurity, and that may lead to the kind of desperation that  hunger can bring. You are talking about real pain in the lives of  people--physical pain in an adult but especially in a child who may not  be able to articulate the pain they are feeling. They may not be able  to function, literally. They may not be able to function in any way.  They certainly can't learn in school. No human being can learn and grow  if they are hungry all the time--no one, not the strongest person we  know.    I come from a heritage of people who left Ireland because of hunger.  They called it the Great Hunger at the time. When policies were put in  place or actions were not taken and hundreds of thousands of people  starved, millions left Ireland, just like people leave their homelands  today to escape hunger, to escape poverty, and even famine itself--the  most extreme version of hunger around the world.   We are talking about real physical pain. We are not just talking  about a casual missing of a meal or being a little bit hungry, as so  many of us have never experienced. It is pain, but it is also fear.  Imagine the fear of a parent. I can't even begin to imagine as a parent  knowing that, for a lot of different reasons--job loss or other adverse  circumstances in your life--you cannot afford to feed your children.  That one person might have both the pain of hunger and the total fear  of not being able to feed your children. If we are not doing something  about that in the Senate, we are just not doing our job.   We say: Oh, the CARES Act did this and the CARES Act did that. Well,  do you know what? We have been trying for months now, on the Democratic  side of the aisle in the Senate, to get a couple of things done.   What are they? No. 1, increase in SNAP benefits by 15 percent. Why  can't that be done in the Senate when we know the pain and the reality  of hunger? Increase the minimum benefit level. Why can't we do that in  the Senate? We passed, what, five bills for $3 trillion, and we can't  add more money to the SNAP program? I know, we did it in an earlier  bill. Let's stop patting ourselves on the back for that.   Let's do something transformative or at least do something  substantial. Let's not even get to transformative. Let's get to  substantial help for Americans who are hungry right now, folks who are  low income and are hungry; folks who had a job and lost their job are  hungry. They may benefit from a food pantry or a food bank. We are not  doing enough for them either. We are certainly not doing enough for the  Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, the most vulnerable among  us.   Thirdly, in addition, increase the benefits overall by 15--the  minimum benefit level. We should put a stop to the rules the  administration has been cramming down the throats of Americans so that  less people will get the benefit of the SNAP program. The  administration is dead wrong about that. They haven't just doubled down  on pushing these draconian changes to the program, but they recently  appealed a court ruling that put a temporary pause on one of the rules.  I don't know the words for that--heartless, callous--but it is not good  for any of us. It is a stain on the moral fabric of America when any  administration does that.   I know Senator Stabenow and her colleagues on the Agriculture,  Nutrition, and Forestry Committee--we should use the middle word more  often than we do. It is not simply the Ag Committee. It is the  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee. The nutrition part of  it has been the subject of some good working relationships on the  committee.   I want to thank Senator Stabenow for her work again. I appreciate the  work she has done with Senator Roberts. We have to do more than we have  done on this program.   I was proud a couple of years ago to finally--after attempt after  attempt, year after year--finally, to get the Global Food Security Act  passed. People have been waiting for that from the time Dick Lugar  served in the Senate all the way through the time I teamed up with  former Senator Johnny Isakson.   We got the Global Food Security Act done, which meant that the Feed  the Future Program--that great program the Bush administration started  and the Obama administration brought to fruition--was codified in law.  That was a good day for world food security.   That was a good day for the world when America showed that we know  how to do this, that we know how to help countries grow their own food  and provide food security. Yet we haven't done enough here. We never  can say we have done enough here if we are not funding at an adequate  level in the middle of a pandemic, in the middle of a public health  emergency, and in a jobs and economic emergency. We can't say we are  doing enough if we are not going to invest in SNAP.   I have a lot more to say, but I know I am over my time. Let me make  one final point.   The moral case is unassailable here. There is no disputing the  benefit of this program, especially now. So I  [[Page S4128]]  think the moral question is settled. I just hope folks will consider  it.   How about the economic case?   Say that you are a Member of Congress and that you don't like this  program. There are not many people who would admit to that, but you  don't like it, and you don't want to add more funding to it. That is  your position. That is a morally objectionable position, but let's say  that is your position. You could also be for an increase to the SNAP  program because it is a good bang for the buck, OK?   So if all you are interested in is going back home and saying ``Do  you know what I did today? I voted for a program that will more than  pay for itself, and it will help everybody''--if that is what your game  is and if that is what makes you happy, your going back to your  community, to your State, then fine. This program, the SNAP program, is  a great bang for the buck.   If you spend a buck on SNAP benefits in an economic downturn--and I  will make sure I cite the source here. It is the U.S. Department of  Agriculture's Economic Research Service. Guess what. You will get $1.50  in return, maybe even as high as $1.80. Let's go with the current  number of $1.50. That is a pretty good ROI, return on investment.   If that is all you care about, is a return on investment, and you  don't care about the program--you are not really troubled by food  insecurity, and you are not really persuaded by the pain of hunger-- then support it because it is a good bang for the buck. That would make  sense. That is the American way to consider what we should be doing  here. Consider the moral case, which should be enough, but you can also  consider the efficacy of the program--the effect, the value--in an  economic sense.   We are all better off when SNAP is funded at an adequate level--all  of us--because of that bang for the buck and because when people get  SNAP dollars, they spend them. Guess what. That is good for all of us.  It is good for our local economies, and it is good for our State  economies. It is good for producers, for the people transporting the  food, and for the people marketing the food. That is why farmers and  people in the ag sector of our economy are sometimes the biggest  proponents of the SNAP program.   This is the right thing to do to try to ease some of that pain--that  awful pain--that children feel in the middle of the night, in the  morning when they wake up, at lunchtime when other kids are eating  something and they may not be eating, especially now that they are away  from school, at night, and when they go to bed at night.   So let's come together and get something done. There is some good  news in that we might be considering another bill, but let's meet our  obligation on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. If others  who have been reluctant to do that vote for this and support this, then  you can do all the pats on the back that you want, but let's do the  right thing for America, especially for those suffering from the pain  of hunger.   I yield the floor to the senior Senator from Michigan.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, before we close tonight, I want to talk  about a story that is troubling a lot of Americans--one that we have  just learned about in the last couple of days--and that is the recent  events regarding the U.S. presence in Afghanistan and some of the  reporting.   Like many of my colleagues--and I am sure this is a feeling shared by  tens and tens of millions of Americans--I am alarmed, as I know they  are, by reports of the intelligence community's discovery that the  Russian Government offered to pay Taliban and Haqqani Network militants  to target American troops in Afghanistan.   The New York Times broke the story on June 26. Since then, several  questions have emerged regarding how the intelligence has been handled,  how long decisionmakers within the U.S. Government have known about  this, and thirdly, what measures the administration is taking to hold  Russia accountable.   Obviously, there are a number of stories by other news outlets in  addition to that by the New York Times. I will just refer to one  excerpt from the New York Times' June 26 report.   It reads: ``An operation to incentivize the killing of American and  other NATO troops would be a significant and provocative escalation of  what American and Afghan officials have  [[Page S4129]]  said is Russian support for the Taliban.''   The story later goes on to read: ``Any involvement with the Taliban  that resulted in the deaths of American troops would also be a huge  escalation of Russia's so-called hybrid war against the United States,  a strategy of destabilizing adversaries through a combination of such  tactics as cyberattacks . . . and covert and deniable military  operations.''   We have learned in recent days that these reports have been  circulating through the U.S. intelligence community since early 2019,  but there was little to no action taken. The timeline regarding these  events is of particular concern to me and, I know, to many Americans  but especially to those who represent a State in which there is a  direct connection.   In April of 2019, three U.S. marines were killed in a car bomb near  Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan. There was speculation that this may  have been a bounty attack that had been carried out by the Taliban for  the Russians.   There has been further reporting on this--tracking the dollars--by  the New York Times and maybe by a few other outlets, but I know the New  York Times did.   One of the marines killed in that April 2019 attack was a  Pennsylvanian. If there had been credible intelligence regarding the  Russian plot and if that intelligence had been acted upon, one question  I have is--and it is only a question; I don't know the answer to this  question, but I ask it--could the death of this young Pennsylvania  marine and his brothers in arms have been averted?   That is a question. I don't know the answer to it. I hope, in the  coming days and weeks--and I hope not longer than weeks--we will have  an answer to that question, among many, as it troubles so many  Americans.   As of the close of last year, December of 2019, 294 servicemembers  from Pennsylvania had been killed in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan-- the third highest toll of any State. Our State has sacrificed a lot. If  Russia had had any hand in contributing to these losses, to say that it  is offensive, enraging, and deeply problematic is an understatement and  warrants a close look not only at the U.S. engagement in Afghanistan  but also at how we respond--how the United States of America responds-- to Vladimir Putin's efforts to disrupt U.S. efforts overseas and take  American lives while doing it.   Accordingly, I have several questions about how the intelligence has  been handled and what measures have been taken to hold Russia  accountable for these horrific, incendiary, unlawful actions contrary  to international law.   The administration must brief all Members of Congress immediately. I  think Americans are offended when the administration briefs one side of  the aisle. All Members of Congress should be briefed. Those briefings  should occur immediately and in close proximity to the reporting. The  briefings should include when they received the intelligence--when the  administration received it--when the President was briefed, and what  actions were considered in response. I also call on the administration  to report to Congress on a process for protecting our troops in moving  forward.   You could be justifiably offended by inaction by the administration  or for the knowledge that preceded that inaction, that they did nothing  in response to it.   It is especially offensive now to a lot of Americans that this  information now is in the public record and there seems to be no  evidence of any kind of a response, any kind of an action.   So I think the administration should report to Congress not just on  who knew what when, but also on what we do going forward.   The families of these fallen soldiers deserve answers. The American  people, obviously, deserve answers as well.   We cannot let Russia and Vladimir Putin get away with this.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   