 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I never thought that I would hear on this House floor an apology to  the Iranian people for an action that we took that was justified,  taking out a terrorist. I cannot believe it.   And, yet, we just heard that on this House floor. We have a gentleman  who gave his legs in service to this country and, yet, we are  apologizing to the Iranians with a nonbinding resolution that is  nothing more than a press release, Madam Speaker. It has no effect. It  doesn't do anything. In fact, the Supreme Court says that. They know  that.   All they are doing is trying to get a press release to keep them from  having a primary opponent. This is a sad, sad day. And, yet, here we  are, having another speech to try to take on the President of the  United States for actually taking out a terrorist.   I would ask my colleagues opposite: How many Americans does a  terrorist have to kill before they join with us? Is 600 not enough?  Does it have to be 1,000, 10,000, a million? At some point we have to  stand up and let the long arm of justice go in and take out these  terrorists.   I am here to tell you today that this nonbinding resolution, indeed,  they want to talk about their constitutional requirement, well, check  with the Supreme Court. In 1983, they ruled that this has no effect. At  least our Senators opposite, they know that. It has to be a joint  resolution.    And, yet, what is this vehicle normally designed for? For Soap Box  Derbies. Well, at least that accomplishes something. All this does is  emboldens our enemies to suggest that the American people are divided.   But I am here to tell you that we are not divided. We are a safer  country because of the actions of this President, the decisive actions  of this President and our military.   More important than that, this War Powers Act that got passed, it was  a message that came out of a difficult time. But I want the message to  be clear today. We are standing behind our military men and women. We  have their back, and we will not yield.   