 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor to speak  about a topic that is very close to my heart.   As the son of Cuban refugees and as a first-generation American, the  struggles of immigrant families are not something I read about in books  or watched on television. I lived them. I saw with my own eyes what it  meant to grow up in an immigrant family in a low-income tenement in  Union City, NJ. My mother worked tirelessly as a seamstress and  sacrificed everything to make sure that my siblings and I could have a  better life and a better future, because that is the very essence of  what we call the American dream. It is about ensuring that the next  generation has it better than we do and that our children and  grandchildren and their children and grandchildren have greater  opportunities than we do to realize their full potential.   It doesn't matter who you are, where you are from, or when your  ancestors came to this country. We are a nation built by immigrants.  Every single member of this great and storied body is a descendant of  those who came to America, seeking better lives for themselves and  their loved ones.   The President is a second-generation American. His grandfather,  Friedrich Trump, came here from Germany. Our First Lady is herself an  immigrant. Yet this administration and President Trump have gone to  painstaking lengths to deny, erase, and ignore the contributions of  immigrants to American life and culture, innovation and ingenuity,  economy and prosperity. They have worked overtime to deny the very fact  that the immigrant story is America's story.   As an old saying in Spanish goes, (English translation of the  statement made in Spanish is as follows): ``There is nothing worse than  not wanting to see what is right in front of you.''   Donald Trump's endless lies and attacks on immigrants started long  before he descended down that escalator in Trump Tower to announce his  run for the Presidency. They haven't stopped since.   The President recently took another aggressive step in his war to  erase immigrants from the portrait of America when he issued an  unconstitutional edict to exclude our undocumented brothers and sisters  from being counted in the 2020 census for the purpose of determining  representation in Congress.   His message was loud and clear to immigrant communities across the  country: You are not welcome here. You don't belong here. You don't  count.   His goal is to instill fear in immigrant communities, and that is  shameful and un-American.   Let's be clear. The U.S. Constitution is explicit on this particular  point. Article I, section 2 clearly reads: ``Representatives and direct  Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may be  included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers,  which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free  Persons.''   The census requires an accurate count of all persons living in the  country. It does not distinguish between status or citizenship. It  could have read that it requires an account of all citizens of the  then-United States, of the Union. It could have read that it is an  account of all citizens and all legal permanent residents. It didn't  read that either.   It specifically recognized this because, as the Union was developing,  there were people from different walks of life in the United States,  and it purposely understood that not all of them would necessarily be  citizens at the time of accounting, but who was in America at any given  time from the creation of the Constitution was important--all persons.   My friends, we have been sent here to serve all of our constituents  in our home States, no matter the color of their skin, their gender, or  their legal status.   The history of America is intertwined with immigrant stories. In  every State of our Union, immigrants work in every industry and  contribute in all facets of American life--the most important parts of  our lives.   They work in our fields, picking our fruits and vegetables. They are  checkers at grocery stores and construction workers, building our  bridges and homes. They educate our children in our schools. They treat  the sick in our hospitals as nurses, doctors, and mental health  professionals. They wear the uniform and carry our flag in the U.S.  armed services.   In fact, during this pandemic, hundreds of thousands of immigrants,  including undocumented immigrants, have put their lives on the line to  serve as essential frontline workers and to keep businesses open,  despite the administration actively seeking to deport them.   Like many American citizens, they are risking their lives every day,  while being disproportionately affected by COVID-19, to provide others  with the services they need and to protect the health and safety of our  fellow Americans. All the while, they are facing disproportionate  infection and death rates from this horrible disease. They are the  invisible heroes of this pandemic. They are the ones who make it  possible for us to receive the essential goods and services so that we  can stay home, which is what we are told by the Nation's public health  officials.   But the message from the President to these essential workers, who  perform backbreaking work in our fields, care for our children, or  treat you at the hospital is: You are not worthy.   I ask every single one of my colleagues if, God forbid, you were  infected with COVID-19, would you really care about the citizenship  status of the doctor or nurse treating you? Would you ask for his or  her legal papers before getting help? Would any of you refuse to eat  fruit or vegetables in your homes picked by the calloused hands of an  undocumented immigrant sweating in our fields? Would you rather not  have a highway built in your State because the workers have a native  language other than English?  [[Page S4912]]    Now, many of you would tell me that is nonsense. But yet, the Trump  Presidency has been marked by deafening silence in the face of this  inflammatory, xenophobic, immoral campaign against immigrants.   Just take the example of TPS and DACA beneficiaries. As my home State  of New Jersey struggled in the early days of the pandemic--until  recently, we had the second-most cases of COVID-19--temporary  protective status holders like Madelia Cartagena in Newark and Dreamers  like Daysi from Monmouth County rose to the challenge presented by the  pandemic.   As more than 131,000 temporary protective status holders across the  Nation, and 7,500 in New Jersey alone, Madelia was considered an  essential worker as the company she has worked for in the last 17 years  had to respond to the increasing demand for sanitizer dispensers.   For Daysi, the fact that she was brought to the United States from  Central America at just 9 years old meant nothing to the patients whose  lives she was helping to save. What mattered is that she showed up when  she was needed, and that she did so despite the lingering threat that  DACA, or deferred action for children arrivals, would be abruptly  terminated, and with it her ability to remain in this country. She  showed up every day, helping to save lives.   Put simply, TPS holders like Madelia and DACA beneficiaries like  Daysi help us heal and will also help our economy recover. They  represent among the best of America.   To give you some context, when I say they will help our economy  recover, Dreamers bring in a net $3.4 billion annually to the U.S.  Treasury and generate $42 billion in gross domestic product each year-- Dreamers.   Yet the administration has fought tooth and nail to send Dreamers  packing, despite the American flag being the only one they have ever  pledged allegiance to and the national anthem being the only national  anthem they have ever sung.   Even after the Supreme Court's recent ruling--the Supreme Court, the  highest Court in the land--that the termination of DACA was unlawful,  the administration has openly defied the Supreme Court's order by not  reopening the full DACA Program.   These Dreamers are battling the coronavirus and the Trump  administration.   Polls show that even a majority of Trump voters want to protect  Dreamers from deportation, and wide swaths of registered voters support  Dreamers, regardless of the voter's gender, education, income,  ethnicity, religion, or ideology. That includes 68 percent of  Republicans, 71 percent of conservatives, and 64 percent of those who  approve of the job the President is doing.   But instead of accepting the Supreme Court's decision and  acknowledging the enormous contributions of Dreamers, this  administration is planning new efforts to end DACA. It is no secret.  They indicate as much in the latest Department of Homeland Security  memo.   And let's be honest. If it is not outright termination they seek, the  administration will treat the protection of Dreamers as a bargaining  chip in order to undo our legal immigration system. They want to cut  legal family immigration in exchange for what they call a merit-based  immigration system. That would be pretty shameful and offensive because  there are many who are here who would never be here under a merit-based  system.   This administration and my Republican colleagues need to open their  eyes and realize how we are treating immigrants in this country. We  need them to do it now, in this moment, as we are pleading with our  colleagues to do what is right, to give families a fighting chance to  beat the virus and put the economy back on track.   We can't turn a blind eye to the fact that immigrant families will  likely be excluded from help desperately needed during this pandemic in  the next COVID-19 package.   So far, undocumented immigrants who pay their taxes and selflessly  risk their lives as essential workers to save others have been  deliberately excluded from the Federal pandemic assistance Congress has  provided.   Virtually all immigrants who use an individual taxpayer  identification number--or as we call it, an ITIN--to file their Federal  taxes under U.S. law, which is totally permissible, and their U.S.  citizen spouses--U.S. citizen spouses--and children were left out from  any economic impact payments in the CARES Act.   In other words, we denied American citizens and their American  citizen children badly needed assistance as a punishment--as a  punishment--for being married to an undocumented immigrant or belonging  to a mixed-status family during this economic emergency   I grew up believing that an American citizen is an American citizen-- is an American citizen, regardless of whom I marry, regardless of  whether my children are the offspring of one parent who is an American  citizen and another one who is not.   Thousands of American citizens were denied $1,200 individual stimulus  checks to which other American citizens were entitled to just because  of who they love. American citizen children were denied $500 in  assistance to which other American citizen children were entitled. It  is wrong.   Are there two classes of American children in this country now? Are  there two classes of American citizens now?   As we consider the next COVID-19 relief package, Congress has to fix  this injustice.   If you work hard, follow the rules, and pay your taxes, you deserve  tax relief, regardless of how you filed. At the very least, if you are  an American citizen living in a mixed-status family or an American  child who is the offspring of a mixed-status family, you should not be  denied the cash benefit you are rightfully entitled to. It is just that  simple. It is justice. It is what is right.   In the face of this tremendous public health crisis, we should not  let the insidious, cruel, and relentless scapegoating of immigrants  prevent us from providing much needed relief to the very same families  and workers who are helping us survive. All families deserve to be  treated with dignity. It is the humane thing to do.   But that is not all. As we expanded access to free COVID-19 testing,  undocumented immigrants were left behind. Now, that makes no sense. The  coronavirus doesn't check your status before it infects you.   An undocumented immigrant living in America with COVID-19 is no less  a threat to become a seriously ill individual or spread the virus than  an American citizen who has been infected. The virus does not  discriminate on race, gender, ethnicity, borders, or legal status. As a  public health proposition, you want everybody to be tested.   Given the pandemic's disproportionate impact on low-income and  communities of color and the fact that those communities of color are  serving in essential industries, I would argue that they are more  likely to be infected.   What good is it to any one of us if someone, regardless of who or  where they are, is walking around with an undiagnosed case of COVID-19  because they weren't eligible for a test? That person can unwittingly  infect their relatives, their neighbors, and their coworkers.   If we ever want to see our economy and lives return to some semblance  of normal, there must be access to free COVID-19 testing, treatment,  and vaccines for everyone living in the United States--everyone living  in the United States, and that includes regardless of immigration  status.   America has to do better to acknowledge the hard work, sacrifice, and  contribution of immigrants. Sadly, these past 4 years have seen a rise  in hate crimes and hateful rhetoric targeting immigrants. Led by the  President, immigrants are continuously scapegoated for every problem.   One of my Senate colleagues even suggested recently that Hispanics  were to blame for the rise in COVID cases across our own country,  instead of the epic failure of the administration to develop and  implement a national pandemic response plan or one that includes  culturally competent outreach to minority-majority communities.   As elected officials and leaders in our communities, we have a moral  responsibility to rise above the immigrant fearmongering and the  President's hateful rhetoric to reunite our country. Not only must we  include immigrant families in the upcoming relief  [[Page S4913]]  package, but to truly address these injustices, we must reform our  immigration laws once and for all.   We have to come together as we did before here in the Senate--I was  part of that Gang of 8--to restart these long overdue discussions and  find a path forward to achieving real immigration reform.   I have always believed and still believe that reforming our  immigration laws is the civil rights issue of this community and of  this time.   It is time to treat immigrants fairly and to recognize their hard  work and contributions to this Nation--immigrants like my mother,  Evangelina, who came here with nothing but the conviction that  everything in America was possible. She refused to let not speaking  English or her modest wages as a seamstress stop her from giving us the  best life she could.   And here I am, one of 100 U.S. Senators, in a country of over 320  million people. I am the embodiment of that American dream, and my  story is no less meaningful than that of any other immigrant coming to  this country or in this country to build a better future for their  family and this Nation.   That is our past; that is our history; that is our present; and it  will be our future. It is past time that due acknowledgment and respect  be given. It is now time for action.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   