 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in the 3 weeks since the Senate last  met, America eclipsed 6 million confirmed cases of COVID-19. Nearly  190,000 Americans have died, and those totals climb by tragic amounts  each day. Too many businesses remain closed, schools begin the year  under a dark cloud of uncertainty, and our economy faces the greatest  crisis since the Great Depression.   The United States is 11.5 million jobs short of where we were at the  start of February, and the number of jobs that have been permanently  lost is rising at an alarming rate. All of this reflects a tragic  reality: President Trump has led the worst response to COVID-19 of any  nation on Earth. It is what it is.   The economic pain of the pandemic was mitigated by our action in  March when Democrats insisted on a robust stimulus bill that became the  CARES Act. One of our policies included in that bill, enhanced  unemployment benefits, has kept nearly 12 million Americans from  poverty. Those benefits have  [[Page S5435]]  now mostly expired, and the stimulus provided by the CARES Act has been  exhausted. The pandemic and economic hardship for millions of American  workers and families, however, is ongoing and painful.   Speaker Pelosi and I have been trying to negotiate with the White  House in another round of relief. It has been arduous. Democrats  offered to meet our Republican colleagues in the middle, but the White  House has refused to make any significant compromise.   Here in the Senate, the Republican majority leader has kept the  Senate on ``pause'' while the Nation suffered. When they tried to draft  a relief package in July, Senate Republicans flailed for 2 weeks before  announcing a series of separate, incoherent proposals that lacked the  support of--surprise--Senate Republicans. It was so unpopular within  the Republican conference that Leader McConnell never even brought it  up for a vote.    Now, after more than 4 months of long inaction--after sitting on the  sidelines while we tried to negotiate with a recalcitrant White House-- Senate Republicans are finally realizing the damage their pause--the  McConnell pause--has done to the American economy and our Nation's  health. As they scramble to make up for this historic mistake, Senate  Republicans appear dead set on another bill that doesn't come close to  addressing the problems in our country.   The Republicans are going to cut their original, inadequate $1  trillion ``skinny'' bill in half--maybe more--and put it up for a vote  this week. Of course, it had no input--zero input--from the Democrats-- completely partisan. In this Chamber, you need bipartisanship to get  anything done. The Republicans call this a ``skinny''--or  ``targeted''--proposal, but it would be more appropriate to call it  ``emaciated.'' Shockingly, as the pain from this pandemic gets bigger  and bigger, the Republicans think smaller and smaller. They are moving  backward. Their proposal is completely inadequate and, by every  measure, fails to meet the needs of the American people--with no money  for rental assistance, nutrition assistance, the census, safe  elections, and so many other things.   The bill, amazingly, will do almost nothing to help State and local  governments that have already been forced to cut a million jobs since  the pandemic began. This bill actually goes backward from the last  Republican proposal. It does not even allow States to use existing  relief funds to cover lost revenues.   Even worse, this latest and sorriest Republican proposal is laden  with poison pills that our colleagues know the Democrats would never  support. The bill doesn't provide enough funding to help our schools  reopen safely--not close to what school superintendents say they need-- but it includes funding for a partisan school choice program that has  been long pushed by hard-right conservatives and Secretary DeVos. It  provides immunity to corporations that put their workers in harm's way,  which, sadly, seems to be the only thing that the Republicans can  consistently agree on. It even includes a provision that could fast- track coal mining operations because, God forbid, our Republican  friends miss an opportunity to reward corporate polluters in their  coronavirus relief bill.   The Republicans call their bill ``targeted.'' Maybe they mean it is  targeted to corporate donors. The presence of these poison pills should  remove every shred of doubt that the true intent of this bill is  anything but political. If Leader McConnell and the Republican majority  were trying to achieve a result, they wouldn't draft such a lame,  partisan bill, loaded with poison pills, and rush it to the floor.   May we have order, please?    The truth is, if you wanted to draft a bill that was  certain to fail, this is it. This is one of the most cynical moves I  have ever seen. We all know what is going on here. Leader McConnell had  to create the most paltry, partisan, cynical bill because he has 20  Members of his caucus who don't want to support anything. By his own  admission, they want zero dollars, so Leader McConnell keeps whittling  down the Republican proposal until he can find something--anything-- that he can claim his party supports. He had to throw in the right  wing's favorite goodies to sweeten the pot to even approach the number  of votes in his caucus to make it look like a Republican bill that had  broad support.   Leader McConnell knows this bill won't pass, and he knows that most  of his Members don't want it to pass. Amazingly, he seems happy with  that situation. This is one of the most cynical moves I have ever seen  in the middle of a pandemic--when Americans are crying out for relief.   This political exercise on the Republican side bears no relationship  to the needs of our country. It has nothing to do with our States, our  workers, our families, with opening up schools safely, or with what  healthcare workers really need. It has everything to do with finding  the bare minimum that Senate Republicans can support. While facing the  greatest economic crisis in 75 years and the greatest health crisis in  a century, Leader McConnell isn't searching for bipartisan progress; he  is looking for political cover.   As we begin the final work period before the November elections, the  Democrats will keep pushing for a bipartisan, bicameral agreement that  actually meets the urgent needs of the American people. For the good of  the country, I hope--I pray--my Republican colleagues will join us in  that effort.   