 Mr. President, today I recognize Chief Richard S. Tamburini  for his longstanding service and dedication to Rhode Island and our  Nation. Chief Tamburini has serviced as chief of police for the town of  Johnston for the past 25 years and will retire at the end of next  month.   Chief Tamburini's public service began almost 60 years ago when he  served with the U.S. Army's 72nd Signal Battalion. While with the Army,  he advanced to the rank of specialist 4th class. After leaving the  military, Chief Tamburini returned home to Providence's Federal Hill  neighborhood and joined the Providence Police Department--again  committing himself to serving and protecting others. He spent his first  29 years in law enforcement there, rising to deputy chief of police and  earning degrees from then-Bryant College and then-Roger Williams  College while with the department. After he ascended to the rank of  lieutenant, Chief Tamburini gained distinction in combating organized  crime, gambling, and narcotics trafficking. His integrity and skill led  him to become the first sworn police officer outside of the Rhode  Island State Police to be granted authorization to conduct court- ordered wiretapping in Rhode Island.   In 1995, Chief Tamburini assumed his current role in Johnston, where  he has become both the town and the State's longest serving chief of  police. In his 25 years leading the Johnston Police Department, he has  continued to serve as a role model for his fellow officers and has  worked to strengthen the community's relationship with his department.  His many accomplishments include instituting several popular programs,  such as Walk with Cops to keep the department connected with Johnston's  senior citizens, the Johnston Police Explorers program to help train  the next generation of police officers, and the Johnston Citizens'  Police Academy to give local residents a better understanding of the  day-to-day operations of the police force.   Chief Tamburini, who is a member of the Rhode Island Criminal Justice  Hall of Fame, has called his time in law enforcement his ``life's  work.'' Time and time again, he has been recognized for his innovative  and outstanding police work, earning recognition from the Rhode Island  Governor's Office, the Rhode Island General Assembly, and the throated  U.S. Attorney General's Office--to name a few. I think we can all agree  it has been work well done. I join my colleague, Senator Whitehouse, in  expressing my heartfelt gratitude for Chief Tamburini's years of  exemplary dedication and service to Johnston, Providence, and our  entire country. I wish Chief Tamburini, his wife Marie, his children  and his grandchildren, the very best in the years to come.   