 Madam President, what is at stake with our climate and  the environment? Our planet. Our planet is on fire, literally. Historic  wildfires are leaving our forests and rural communities in ashes.  Oceans are growing hotter and more acidic, devastating sea life from  the shellfish of Oregon to the coral reefs of the Great Barrier Reef.   There is so much damage, not just to the natural world but to our  tourists and fishing industries, to our forest industry, and to our  farming industry, the pillars of our rural economy both in America and  around the world. More frequent and more devastating storms damaging  crops, flooding cities, destroying coastal communities--the climate  crisis is a clear and present danger. We are barreling headfirst at  full speed toward catastrophic, irreversible climate chaos, and these  special interests that my colleague just spoke about and which we  expose in this report are using every tool at their disposal,  especially the courts, not to stop the damage but to accelerate the  carnage.   It shouldn't be too surprising that they should turn to these  strategies. They can't turn to the citizens of the United States  because protecting our world is popular among the American people. They  favor clean air. They favor clean water. They think our government has  a responsibility to protect that air and water and land, and, more  broadly, to protect our planet.   In fact, 70 percent of Americans say government is not doing enough  to reduce the effects of climate chaos, and they are so right. That is  why the fossil fuel companies know that they can't win outright based  on their arguments--or certainly not based on their ideas. No one says  ``I want more lead in my water'' or ``I want more climate-damaging  carbon dioxide or methane in the air.''   So what do you do if you can't win fairly? You rig the outcome. You  fund bogus research. You spend huge sums with media to publicize that  bogus research. You increase your influence through a vast, large legal  team. You build a powerful lobbying team on Capitol Hill and every  State capital across this Nation. You handpick candidates, and you fund  their campaigns. You seek to take over control of an entire political  party.   But Members of Congress come and go, and even when the deck is  stacked, there is that possibility of a grassroots uprising of American  people to overturn your carefully laid plans to control the American  Government. So what do you do? Strategy No. 7, perhaps the most  powerful strategy of all--you bias the courts. Once you get someone on  the Federal bench, they are there for life. They can't be tossed out by  a vote of the people, and they wield immense influence over the laws  and regulations, certainly over our environmental laws and regulations.  If you control the courts, especially the Supreme Court--even if you  lose the White House, even if you lose the House and Senate, even if  you lose all three at once--you have immense power over the laws of our  land.   Our Constitution was framed to build a government of, by, and for  this people. But with control of the courts, the privileged few--the  fossil fuel barons--have created, instead, government by and for the  powerful. That is why we saw such a committed effort by our colleagues  on this side of the aisle to block President Obama from filling  hundreds of open seats on the Federal bench. That is why we saw the  theft of the Supreme Court seat for the first time in U.S. history 5  years ago. That is why the present majority leader is obsessed with  ramming through more than 200 overwhelmingly White male, life-tenured  judges, most of whom weren't chosen for their qualifications but for  their rightwing ideology. And it is why 86 percent of Trump's nominees  to the Supreme Court and the appellate courts are members of the  Federalist Society.   The Federalist Society, created in the 1980s--as described in the  book, ``The Lie That Binds''--implemented an anti-Democratic policy  agenda and political philosophy through a court system impervious to  the will of the voters. It started one weekend with 200 conservative  students and professors at Yale Law School, including Antonin Scalia,  and it grew into the present-day shadowy behemoth promoting lawyers  into prominent positions and starring far-right judges at every level  of the bench to further corporate control--the powerful and privileged  few over the will of the people.   How are they funded? Untold millions from polluters and other  corporate interests that benefit from judges who strike down  environmental laws and related regulations enacted and pursued by the  people.   The Federalist Society is now, under Donald Trump, in charge of  judicial nominations. He asked them to give him a list of whom he  should nominate, and so it goes. The Federalist Society put Neil  Gorsuch on that list, and President Trump nominated him. Justice  Gorsuch, who said in the Chevron doctrine, a landmark decision that is  the basis of 4 years of administrative and mariner law, which gives  courts deference to administrative agencies and reasonable  interpretations of statutes--ruled it should be overturned.   The Federalist Society put Brett Kavanaugh on that list, and  President Trump nominated him. Whenever the DC Circuit Court ruled to  hold a corporate polluter accountable, Kavanaugh could be counted on to  be in opposition of holding that corporation accountable. Observers  call him a conservative critic of sweeping environmental regulations  and a disaster for the environment.   The Federalist Society put Amy Barrett on that list, and Trump  dutifully nominated her. Amy Coney Barrett refused to answer whether  climate change is real during her confirmation hearing. Her record is  clear. In one case she ruled that a park preservation group couldn't  sue to block a construction project in Chicago's Jackson Park. She  signed an opinion that reversed the lower court decision that protected  wetlands from being developed under the Clean Water Act.   Earthjustice, an environmental nonprofit, remarked that her decision  signaled Barrett's willingness to interpret environmental laws of the  Clean Water Act narrowly in favor of industry interests--a perfect fit  with the goal of the Federalist Society.   The Federalist Society plays the tune, and their nominees dance the  dance--the dance for government by and for the powerful and the dance  that tramples on government by and for the people.   If President Trump loses reelection and if Republicans lose the  Senate majority, still, there is this court with this decision against  the environment, against the worker, against civil rights time and time  again, and a court that will work to stymie every effort to save our  planet.   There is a whole list of similar related positions in the lower  courts with similar outcomes--corporate welfare over environmental  stewardship, one judge after another after another. They are the  examples of the pro-corporation, anti-environmental rulings and Trump- appointed jurists that we feared. They are the kinds of challenges that  are going to stand in our way if we fight to undo the damage that this  administration and its cabal of extreme rightwing allies have unleashed  on our democracy and on our planet. So now we have the responsibility  to act.    The report that Senator Whitehouse and I are releasing today--and I  applaud him for working so hard to develop this whole set of Captured  Courts reports to understand the power behind the shift from government  by and for the people to government by and for the powerful, because if  you have read the Constitution, if you believe in ``We the People,''  you believe in the spirit of a government that draws its very essence  from the people of the United States, not from the cabal of extremely  wealthy, extraordinarily White, significantly privileged, enormously  powerful individuals trying to be puppet masters and destroy that  vision that we so cherish.   That is why we must expose it. That is why we must fight it. That is  why we  [[Page S6318]]  must reclaim--for the future of every child in America, certainly for  the future of our environment here in the United States, certainly for  the health of the planet, we must reclaim that vision of government of,  by, and for the people.   Thank you.   