 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to encourage all  Americans to join the fight to support our Nation and our jobs and  stand up against the growing threat of Communist China. I have been  saying it for months, but the best way each and every one of us can  make a difference is to buy American products whenever possible. It is  time we addressed the new Cold War occurring between the United States  and the Chinese Communist Party and be crystal clear about the negative  impacts of continuing to buy Chinese-made products.   Communist China is stealing American jobs and technology and spying  on our citizens. Data collected by Chinese companies is shared with the  Communist Government of China, which is focused solely on global  domination. Xi, the General Secretary of the China Communist Party, is  a dictator and human rights violator who is denying basic rights to the  people of Hong Kong, cracking down on dissidents, militarizing the  South China Sea, and imprisoning more than 1 million Uighurs in  internment camps simply because of their religion.   The coronavirus pandemic should be the last straw. We can no longer  rely on other countries like Communist China for our critical supply  chain. Washington politicians have been too concerned with short-term  political success and have long ignored the long-term threats to our  way of life.   It is time for action. Now, more than ever, Americans must remember  that every time we buy a product made in China, we are putting another  dollar into the pockets of the people who steal our technology, deny  people their basic human rights, and are propping up dangerous  dictators like Maduro in Venezuela.   I am proud to lead my colleagues in a bipartisan resolution calling  on Americans to buy products made in the United States whenever  possible. Buying American is not partisan, and I am glad my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle are coming together to encourage Americans  to take a stand.   I know it is not always easy, but it is an important step we can all  take at home to support American jobs, American producers, and American  manufacturers and help build up the U.S. supply chain.   I am also working with Senator Baldwin to pass our COOL Online Act,  which will make sure all goods sold online list their country of origin  to create more transparency for American consumers.   In my State, we take immense pride in products made in Florida. It is  a driving force that led to our incredible economic turnaround. A  return to this pride in homegrown businesses ensures America remains  strong and the undisputed leader in the global economy. We must all do  our part to support our Nation and make it clear to Communist China  that the United States will not stand for their behavior.   I am committed to supporting American businesses over Chinese  products. I hope my colleagues will join me.   