 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for  leading on this effort.   I rise in strong support of this amendment. The two of us--and I  suspect almost everybody in this Chamber--fully support the idea, the  goal, and the need to provide relief to workers who have been affected  by this pandemic. That is not what is in dispute here. There is a  legitimate and serious concern about the mechanism by which that is  provided.   The House bill imposes a very significant administrative burden on  the very small businesses struggling to survive. We are all taking  these phone calls from all across our States--men and women who are  operating a business. They are on the edge, and they are trying to  figure out: How do we stay alive? How do we keep this business alive  until we can come out on the other side? They are struggling with all  kinds of very, very tough decisions that they are having to make for  the first time ever in completely unchartered waters.   Then this legislation comes along and says: Now, by the way, you are  going to have to figure out and navigate your way through a whole new  system you have never heard of before, and you are going to have to go  through all the books and the rules and regulations and consult your  lawyer and figure out exactly how you comply with this complex, new  mechanism so that you comply with the law and get the reimbursement  that is intended. That is a huge problem for these folks who are  struggling to stay alive.   So what Senator Johnson's amendment does is this: It just shifts the  substantial administrative costs and burdens off the back of the  business owner and operator and allows it to be managed by the State  unemployment systems that are in the business of providing  compensation. We plus it up, and we waive the waiting periods so that  the individual workers who are adversely affected by this COVID-19  pandemic will still get the benefits that we all want them to get. It  is just a better way to deliver this.   So I hope my colleagues will vote in favor of it.   I yield the floor.   