 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 965 to  authorize remote voting and to continue committee proceedings remotely  during the public health emergency of COVID-19.   Governors and mayors across the Nation have ordered Americans to stay  home, to work from home, and avoid travel. Until we have adequate  testing or a vaccine to protect ourselves and prevent our healthcare  system from being overwhelmed, the best we can do here is to follow  that advice.   We in Congress must do what we have asked of our constituents and  what others have ordered of them. Some argue--and we have heard this  just recently--that because we are asking our frontline heroes to show  up at work, we lawmakers should be required to convene here in D.C. But  that argument misses the point and dishonors our frontline workers,  particularly those healthcare workers who are begging people to stay  home, to avoid nonessential travel in order to slow the spread of this  deadly disease. They ask others to stay home so that some day they can  go home.   We in Congress are not first responders or frontline healthcare  workers, although our frontline responders are certainly counting on us  to provide them the resources they need. But we can hold our meetings  and conduct our communications electronically. And because of the space  limitations created by the need for physical distancing, working  remotely is probably the only way that all of our committees can  function at the same time.   Like everyone else, I don't want to give up the opportunity to work  with my colleagues in person. Our interactions are too productive, and  our relationships are too valuable. But in the face of this once-in-a- lifetime global pandemic, we need to overcome our default position.   Remote voting is not cowardice. It is leadership. Let's live by the  same rules we impose on our fellow citizens. Let's show by our actions  that we ourselves take this threat seriously.   I want to thank the leadership of Mr. McGovern and Ms. Lofgren and  all of the other folks who have worked on this, including my friend,  Mr. Cole, and I urge support of this resolution.   