 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 75 years ago, the scene across America  and Europe was quite different than what we see today--thousands of  people waving flags, dancing, hugging, kissing in the streets, all  covered in confetti.   In the early morning hours of May 7, 1945, in the small town of  Reims, France, the Supreme Allied Commander, Dwight David Eisenhower,  signed Nazi Germany's surrender and sent a cable to Washington and to  London stating that the mission of the Allied forces was fulfilled,  thus ending the Nazi pandemic of tyranny and genocide. The surrender  took effect on May 8, and for the first time since 1941, the U.S.  Capitol was bathed again in light.   Most military historians now agree that it was Eisenhower's unique  skill and persuasion that enabled the Allied effort to be successful.  As Winston Churchill said, ``There is only one thing worse than  fighting with allies and that is fighting without them.''  [[Page S2308]]    Simply put, Ike led the effort to preserve Western democracy and  freedom, and later, as President in 1953, America experienced 8 years  of peace and prosperity.   Tomorrow, on the 75th anniversary of the victory of Europe--what we  call Victory in Europe Day, VE Day--the Eisenhower Memorial Commission  was set to dedicate the long-awaited Presidential memorial to Dwight  David Eisenhower right on the Mall in our Nation's Capital, just two  blocks away.   Eisenhower once said: ``Plans may end up as worthless, but planning  is everything.'' How right he was. The Commission has set aside our  plans for the dedication and is now planning a worthy ceremony in the  fall. There is precedent for this delay. Just as America is pulling  together to fight to defeat the COVID-19 virus, the Eisenhower  administration was working with the public and the private sector until  a vaccine was developed by Dr. Jonas Salk and disseminated all  throughout our country. Shortly thereafter, an oral and more effective  vaccine was developed by Dr. Albert Sabin. Today, polio is virtually  eradicated. Today we face the same challenge.   The Eisenhower Memorial, which pays tribute to Ike's leadership as  both the Supreme Allied Commander and the 34th President of the United  States, is located on the National Mall and will not only honor an  extraordinary man but will also be a symbol for all generations of the  promise of America and what our values make possible within our Nation  and all over the world.   I can personally attest to the impact Eisenhower had on my life. My  dad, Wes Roberts, was the Citizens for Ike chairman during the 1952  campaign and instrumental in the first ballot victory over Senator  Robert A. Taft from Ohio. He later--my dad--became national chairman of  the Republican Party. So at 16 years old, I was a wide-eyed sergeant at  arms during the Chicago Convention and later attended Ike's inaugural  ceremonies in Washington, complete with white tie and tails. I met him  both times.   When Ike came into a room, even if you had your back to him, you knew  he was there. He had a ruddy complexion and a great and wonderful  smile. Everyone he met liked Ike. As my lapel button indicates, we  still like Ike.   I have now come full circle, serving as the chairman of the  Eisenhower Memorial Commission. I know there will be dancing in the  streets again, and we will be able to live our lives freely and safely,  as Ike and the ``greatest generation'' fought to secure. We will  dedicate the memorial to Kansas's favorite son and one of our greatest  Presidents. After all, Ike never gave up, and neither will we.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   