 Madam Speaker, thank you to lead Republican McCaul for  important words to start today's debate.   For the third time in 2 months, as he pointed out, we are here to  debate an Iran War Powers Resolution. Once again, this resolution  requires terminating the use of force against Iran, even though U.S.  Forces are not engaged in hostilities against Iran.   As we stand here today, the President has repeatedly said in the past  that he does not want a war with Iran. I don't. This body doesn't. My  constituents don't.   The President, himself, as lead Republican McCaul has pointed out,  has shown incredible restraint when opportunities have presented, when  there was legal justification to strike back.   We must continue to pursue peace through strength. The military  option is the last possible option that we should ever use, but we need  Iran to understand that it is on the table.   My colleague from the other side of the aisle who just spoke used the  term ``disproportionate'' to describe taking out Qasem Soleimani. As  people listen to today's debate, and if you are one of the 600-plus  families who lost your son or daughter, your husband or your wife,  maybe your mother or father because of Qasem Soleimani, if you are one  of the thousands of people who were injured because of Qasem Soleimani,  U.S. troops--600 U.S. troops, thousands of U.S. troops were injured  because of Qasem Soleimani, and, literally, in the days leading up to  this attack, we had U.S. citizens who were killed and wounded because  of Qasem Soleimani.   What is the justification? What was Qasem Soleimani doing in Iraq?  How about we look at IRGC's own statement of January 3? The IRGC said  that Soleimani was in Iraq to ``plan a confrontation against the new  scheme of the Americans to rebuild DAESH and the Takfiri groups  in order to again disrupt Iraq's security.''    Anyone who wants to suggest that Soleimani was in Iraq to do anything  that was good and not to be planning and engaged in hostilities has to  ignore the IRGC's own words.   The IRGC is a designated foreign terrorist organization. Qasem  Soleimani is a designated terrorist himself, as sanctioned by the  United States and the EU and the U.N., and we took him out. And I say  good.   To hear my colleague on the other side of the aisle call it  disproportionate, my question is: How many more U.S. troops have to die  at the hands of Qasem Soleimani before it is  [[Page H1619]]  proportionate? How many more have to lose arms and legs at the hands of  Qasem Soleimani until my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will  call it proportionate?   I salute the President for making a decision; it was well done.   I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this resolution.   