 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with my colleagues.    Madam President, I want to talk today with my  colleagues Senator Menendez and Senator Whitehouse on a really  important piece of legislation that is heading to the President's desk,  and this is Save Our Seas 2.0.   It is the follow-on to the Save Our Seas Act that we passed in the  Congress last Congress, and that was an important one mostly about  ocean cleanup, but we thought we could do more. We thought, working  with different groups--so many groups--and the executive branch, the  Trump administration, that we could do a lot more. So we got to work.   I want to thank my colleagues on the floor today--Senator Whitehouse  of Rhode Island and Senator Menendez of New Jersey--for their work,  their leadership, their cooperation.   Senator Whitehouse in particular I really want to single out as  probably the Member of the U.S. Senate who is focused on our oceans. He  and I started collaborating on these issues about 6 years ago, right  after I first came to the U.S. Senate, and I have learned a lot from  Senator Whitehouse on these issues.   We have kind of been an odd couple. We don't always agree on  everything politically, but on these issues and a lot of other issues  we not only agree but our teams work together, we work together, and,  importantly, we are getting a lot--a lot--done.   There have been a lot of folks who have really helped us in this  regard and, again, in a bipartisan way. This bill is an important bill.  This bill had three committees of the U.S. Senate and eight committees  in the House.   So Members--whether it was Chairman Barrasso and Ranking Member  Carper of the EPW Committee, as I mentioned; on Foreign Relations,  Chairman Risch; and, of course, Senator Menendez as the ranking member  on the Commerce Committee; Chairman Wicker and Ranking Member Cantwell;  on the House side, I just got off the phone with the dean of the House,  Congressman   Don Young, a great, great Congressman; Representative  Bonamici. She also has been a great advocate.   We all were aware of the challenge. This is a huge challenge: ocean  debris, plastics. It is a gigantic challenge for my State.   Now, I brag about Alaska a lot. Here is a little bit more bragging:  We have more coastline than the rest of the country combined, in terms  of their coastline. So we see the garbage. We see the trash. We see it,  unfortunately, washing up on the shores of Alaska, and that impacts  negatively not just the environment but the economy, our fishing  industry, our fishing communities, our coastal communities.   You may have heard about this World Economic Forum study that said if  we don't do anything about the pollution challenge that relates to  plastics, by 2050 there could be more weight in terms of plastics in  the ocean than there are fish. Think about that. That is a challenge.   So we got to work, and here is the thing that I think is so exciting:  This is a solvable issue. Estimates are that up to 80 percent of all  plastics in the ocean around the globe come from 10 rivers in Asia and  Africa. So, of course, it has a huge international component to it.  [[Page S7487]]    But I just want to thank both Senators Whitehouse and Menendez. I am  going to turn the floor over to Senator Menendez to say a few words on  this, particularly the international side, which is so important.   I will talk a little bit more about what is in the legislation, but  this is an example--and it happens a lot; we don't always read about  it--of this body coming together on big issues and making a big impact.   So Save Our Seas 2.0 is heading to the President's desk. I do want to  compliment the President and his team. They had a lot to do with this.  They have been very motivated on these issues as well.   This is everybody coming together to address a problem that we know  is a problem but that we can solve, and we are putting American  leadership out front, which will be good for Alaska, good for Rhode  Island, good for New Jersey, good for America, and good for the world.   Senator Menendez.    Let me wrap up here by mentioning that, as we already  talked about, the Congressional Research Service has called this the  most comprehensive ocean cleanup legislation ever to come out of the  Congress. As Senator Whitehouse said, 6 years ago, we were starting at  nothing. And then we got Save Our Seas 1.0, primarily about cleaning up  our own coastlines.   There are a lot of funny stories there, but we did have a really  interesting--and I thought entertaining--signing ceremony at the White  House with the President and Senator Whitehouse. The two hadn't met  before. They got along really well, particularly talking about this  issue. And it did motivate the Trump administration to start focusing  more. You may have seen in the new NAFTA, the USMCA, the first trade  agreement has a whole section on ocean cleanup and a whole section on  fisheries and sustainable fisheries. This is a really important  precedent for the U.S. government, regardless of party.   As Senator Menendez mentioned, a lot of focus internationally. I want  to thank him again, in terms of the Foreign Relations Committee. Our  ability to help other countries--we are certainly not perfect, but the  big challenge on a lot of the oceans, in terms of cleanup and what  comes onto the shores of the United States, what comes onto the shores  of Alaska in terms of plastics and pollution, comes from overseas. We  need to help there. As Senator Whitehouse also mentioned, improving our  domestic infrastructure to prevent marine debris--so we are setting our  own example, not just helping other countries--and then enhancing our  own domestic response.   Senator Whitehouse mentioned this Marine Debris Foundation. This is a  congressionally chartered private organization. There are not many in  the country. This is a big deal. Thank the Red Cross. Thank the  American Legion. These are congressionally chartered organizations that  will give this effort public-private partnership energy to address the  problem. That is exactly what we are focused on here, and that is why  we thought it was so important to have a Marine Debris Foundation as an  enduring element of the U.S. leadership that is now exemplified by Save  our Seas 2.0.   I will mention one final thing. You know, one of the things that I  thought was very important--we are going to keep this together--is we  worked hard not to single out one industry or one area: Hey, you are  not doing a good job; you need to get your act together. What we said  when we put this bill together is we are going to bring in all the  stakeholders--Democrats, Republicans, the executive branch, Federal  agencies, industry, key environmental groups, ocean conservancy, World  Wildlife Foundation--and get everybody together--the Alliance to End  Plastic Waste, which is an initiative in the private sector, and say:  What can we do together to solve this problem? That is what we did. All  the stakeholders came together. Everybody worked closely together, good  ideas, pulling on the same oar. And that is how we got this done.   You know, one of our finest Senators, Lamar Alexander, gave his  farewell speech just last week, and he talked about this idea of a  split screen in the Senate. Yes, there is contention. Yes, there are  battles. The media loves to play those up. But there is also another  element about what we do here where there is strong bipartisan support  on really big issues: the CARES Act, the NDAA, the Great American  Outdoors Act--probably the biggest conservation bill in 50 years--21st  Century Cures; these are all things that we are getting done here that  matter to the American people in a bipartisan way. You don't always  read about them in the press, but they are still happening. And now we  can add to that list the biggest ocean cleanup legislation in the  history of the country going to the President's desk for signing here  in the next couple of days. It is something our fellow Americans should  know about. And as Senator Whitehouse said, we are going to build on  that too.   I yield the floor.   