 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the nomination of  Derek Kan to serve as second in command at the Office of Management and  Budget.   It is not every day that I stand here and endorse a nomination--a  nominee--of a current President. So I don't want anybody to have a  heart attack, but I do want to stand up and say that this is a good  nomination. I wish we had more like him. I am pleased that at least we  have this one today to consider.   Derek Kan served previously as Under Secretary for Transportation  Policy at the Department of Transportation, where he served as a  principal adviser to the Secretary and provided leadership in the  development of policies at the Department.   I have a couple of quotes here from two of my Democratic colleagues  that referenced his time at the Department of Transportation. One of  our Democratic colleagues from here in the Senate said these words:  ``Mr. Kan, from your time at the Department of Transportation, I know  you to be a talented and thoughtful leader who can work collaboratively  with Congress and others to find common ground.''   Think about those words: ``who can work collaboratively with Congress  and others to find common ground.''   Another of our Democratic colleagues said of Derek Kan: ``Derek Kan  is a serious, smart person and a vast improvement over the previously  mentioned names.''   That is a quote. I will say it again: ``Derek Kan is a serious, smart  person and a vast improvement over the previously mentioned names.''   Now, that is not damning with faint praise. That is, I think, praise.  I think it is well earned, and I just wanted to share that with you.   He has been nominated to serve by this administration in a number of  positions, and he has gotten the support of Democrats and Republicans-- not unanimous support. I wouldn't get unanimous support if I were  nominated for something that came through here either--but he has  gotten strong support, for the most part.   I was pleased to be able to vote in favor of his confirmation to this  particular position. He was confirmed--at that time it was as the  Department of Transportation Under Secretary, and I think he was  confirmed in the Senate by a vote of 90 to 7.   Prior to this appointment, Mr. Kan served on the Amtrak board of  directors, and he was unanimously confirmed to that position by this  same body. He doesn't know this, but he and I have something in common.  We were both confirmed--I was sitting Governor of Delaware, but I was  confirmed to serve as the lone Governor at the time on Amtrak's board  of directors. And I was confirmed unanimously. Somehow that slipped  through. But that is something that he and I share in common, and he  understands well the importance of the capacity of rail service in this  country--in this century.   Mr. Kan is also experienced as a policy adviser to our current  majority leader and chief economist for the Senate Republican Policy  Committee. To put it bluntly, I think he possesses the necessary  qualifications and experience for this position.  [[Page S4605]]    I have the privilege of serving as the senior Democrat on the  Homeland Security Committee with the Presiding Officer, and this  committee has the responsibility for vetting individuals who have been  nominated to serve at the Office of Management and Budget.   During the confirmation process, I had the pleasure of speaking with  Mr. Kan and getting to know him a little better and understanding  better his goals for this important position. Mr. Kan clearly showed  that he is intimately familiar with the issues that he would be tasked  with managing at OMB, and he showed that he is willing to learn and  work with others to ensure that he is doing everything he can to work  productively on behalf of the American people   In fact, Mr. Kan committed to work collaboratively with Congress to  help us fulfill our oversight role. This is a shared responsibility:  oversight. We all need to be interested in oversight. You don't have to  serve on a committee that is focused on oversight--the Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. You don't have to serve on  a permanent Senate subcommittee as Senator Rob Portman and I do--the  Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations--in order to be interested in  oversight. You don't have to be elected to the U.S. Senate or to the  House to be interested in oversight. This is something that we all  should be interested in and all of us ought to be focused on, and we  need to do it in a way that is collaborative so that we sort of marry  our fortunes together and end up with the synergistic effect where the  sum is greater than the parts thereof.   I was pleased with the words and the commitment he made to work  collaboratively with all of us: Democrats and Republicans and our  staffs. He also committed to working with the Government Accountability  Office, GAO, to help them fulfill their critical oversight  responsibilities.   I might add, GAO, which is our watchdog, does great work, as the  Presiding Officer knows. They have been faced with an enormous  undertaking, enormous challenges, with respect to the COVID-19  legislation we have passed and the need for resources to be able to do  a good job in being the watchdog that we need.   I would just call on all of my colleagues to keep that in mind when  we fashion the next COVID legislation and figure out how much money we  need to provide for GAO to do the enormous job that is in front of  them.   It is not often we get a nominee in this administration who is open  to working with both sides here in the Congress and is understanding of  the needs for the executive branch to be responsive to congressional  oversight from this administration. In fact, Mr. Kan committed to  responding to all oversight requests from the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee, including requests from Democratic  Senators. He also committed to ensure that OMB responds to all requests  from GAO.   I know these commitments ought to be standard operating procedure in  our democracy, which is built on a system of checks and balances, but  they certainly have not always been the case in this administration,  especially for folks nominated to positions like the one he has been  nominated for.   Mr. Kan's willingness to work with Congress and his clear  qualifications to serve in this role are a welcome change in a Trump  administration nominee that deserves to be recognized. For those  reasons, I intend to support Derek Kan, who has been nominated for this  important position at OMB. I urge my colleagues--Democrat, Republican,  and an Independent or two--to do the same.   I have the privilege of serving as the senior Democrat on the  Environment and Public Works Committee. In our oversight role there  over the Environmental Protection Agency, we ask a lot of questions. We  ask a lot of questions of that agency, the leaders of that agency.   We don't always get the responses that we need. In some cases we get  the back of a hand--no response for days, weeks, months. In previous  administrations, Democratic administrations where Republican Senators  were maybe in the minority, they haven't always gotten the kind of  response that they deserved either, but I think they have gotten better  than we are getting in many cases right now when we try to get  information out of EPA.   I think the sort of spirit that I sense and have observed in Derek  Kan, we could use that spirit from some other folks who are serving in  this administration and maybe keep him in mind when someday we have a  Democratic President and a Democratic majority in the U.S. Senate.   So this is a vote I think we are going to take in a very short while,  and I hope, when people come here to vote, they will keep in mind some  of the words I have said and some of the words I quoted from other  Democratic Senators and find a way to vote yes in this case.   We will hold him up to high standards. I think if he gets confirmed-- and I think he will--that it is important that he continues to  demonstrate the sort of values that I have found favorable in him  today.   I just want to acknowledge that it is not every day a Democrat gets  to hold the gavel at a committee hearing, and yesterday Senator  Grassley had some other business; he had to come over and vote on the  floor and take care of some other business. There was no other  Republican to take the gavel and conduct the hearing, and he called on  a Senator from Delaware to assume the gavel--take the gavel and pound  us all the way to the finish line in yesterday's hearing.   My wife said to me last night: What was the highlight of the day? And  I said that there were many highlights of the day yesterday, but that  was probably No. 1   With that, I yield the floor to my friend from Iowa, Senator Chuck  Grassley.   