 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the last several months have made it clear to the  entire world that the Chinese Communist  [[Page H2296]]  Party, or the CCP, has little regard for human life. When faced with a  decision, they have chosen and will continue to choose to preserve  their own power over helping their own people.   Rather than alert the world to the true dangers the coronavirus posed  to the world, they instead lied and orchestrated the worst coverup in  human history, exposing the Chinese people and the entire world to a  virus that has killed over 350,000 people, including nearly 100,000  innocent Americans. Another 5.5 million have been infected worldwide,  and those numbers only continue to climb.   This atrocity is far from the only example of the CCP prioritizing  its power over human life and liberty. At this very moment, the CCP's  rubber-stamp legislature is working to dismantle Hong Kong's freedoms.  Under the guise of national security legislation, the CCP plans to  expand its police state to Hong Kong and fundamentally change Hong  Kongers' way of life, freedom, and autonomy.   The CCP is showing the world that they are willing to tear up the  international commitments they made to preserve freedom in Hong Kong.    We can no longer stand idly by while the CCP consolidates its power  at the expense of freedom around the world. The ultimate example of  what the CCP is willing to do in the name of national security has been  clear for some time, and that is the cultural genocide of the Uyghurs  and other ethnic minority Muslim groups in western China.   Over the last several years, these ethnic minorities have been  rounded up and forced into concentration camps where they are  brainwashed with state propaganda and forced to do grueling work as  part of their ``reform.''   They live under a complete Orwellian surveillance program, an  apparatus tracking their every move. Some have been tortured and  killed. Others have been disappeared from their families, never to be  returned, with no explanation from the CCP.   That is why I stand today in strong support of the Uyghur Human  Rights Policy Act.   The goal of the Chinese Government is to completely eradicate an  entire culture simply because it doesn't fit within what the Chinese  Communist Party deems ``Chinese.'' They want to remove the cultural,  religious, and ethnic identity the Uyghurs have and indoctrinate them  so that they love the Chinese Communist Party more than their family,  their culture, or their religion. In total, 1 to 3 million Chinese  citizens have been subjected to the state-sponsored cultural genocide.   Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has called this the ``stain of the  century,'' and he is absolutely right.   That is why we can't sit idly by and allow this to continue. As I  have said before, our silence will be complicit, and our inaction will  be our appeasement. But today we are acting, Madam Speaker, as a beacon  of hope and freedom to the rest of the world, and the United States has  a responsibility to take action.   Now is the time for all of us, Republican and Democrat, as Americans  to stand together and show the CCP that their egregious human rights  abuses will not go unchecked. We can do that by passing this bill today  with strong bipartisan support to show the Chinese Communist Party and  the entire world that their treatment of the Muslim Uyghurs is  inexcusable and will not be allowed without serious consequences.   This legislation requires the President to submit a report that  identifies Chinese Communist Party officials who have carried out these  heinous crimes. These officials may then be sanctioned for their  complicity.   This bill also requires a separate human rights report that  highlights abuses specifically to Xinjiang, China.   Madam Speaker, I am hopeful that this is just one of many bipartisan  actions that we can take as we push back on the world's most oppressive  dictatorship.   We must acknowledge that the CCP is the greatest economic and  national security threat of this generation. We must face this threat  not as Republicans or Democrats, but as Americans.   As the chairman of the recently announced China Task Force in the  House, I look forward to working with my colleagues to plan decisive  action to push back on the CCP. We cannot allow the CCP to remain  unchallenged on the world stage.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Smith), the House sponsor of the Uyghur Human Rights  Policy Act.    Madam Speaker, I have no additional speakers, so I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Just today, the Secretary of State announced, under the Hong Kong  Human Rights and Democracy Act that we passed last November which  requires an annual certification of Hong Kong's autonomy, he just  announced that he cannot certify the autonomous nature of Hong Kong.   This is a very significant day, Madam Speaker, because the Chinese  Communist Party now has cracked down on the free and loving people of  Hong Kong and their autonomous nature under one country, two systems,  back when the U.K.-Sino pact was signed. The CCP, Chinese Communist  Party, are in violation now of the Sino-U.K. pact.   Madam Speaker, this bill, the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act of 2020  is more proof that we can come together, as Republicans and Democrats,  to address the generational threat by the Chinese Communist Party and  champion American values.   Whether it be the Muslim population of the Uyghurs, whether it be the  Tibetan population who have been persecuted, and the Dalai Lama, who is  in exile, to the Christians who are persecuted in China by the  Communist Party, this bill will help hold the Chinese Communist Party  accountable for their atrocities and will show the world, including the  Uyghur Muslim American community, that the United States Congress will  not tolerate these appalling human rights violations. We will always  stand for human rights across the globe.   And the one thing I respect about our committee, the Foreign Affairs  Committee, is that we stand together when it comes to our foreign  policy. As Chairman Engel often says, partisanship stops at the water's  edge. And when it comes to human rights, we stand with our Founding  Fathers and what they stood for in fighting oppression and tyranny and  for democracy and freedom.   That is why, today, we stand with the Uyghur Muslim population in  China. And for all those listening in China and, particularly, to those  members of the Chinese Communist Party who are probably watching this  broadcast on C-SPAN, we are watching you today. We will not back down.  We will talk about this until it stops, and it will stop, hopefully, in  our lifetime. It won't stop this Congress, but it must stop.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   