 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend and my  colleague, Mr. McCaul, for yielding and for his kind words and for his  friendship.   Madam Speaker, first, I want to thank the entire committee, including  yourself, Madam Speaker, Representative Frankel, and Representative  Brooks, for all of your and their work on this very, very important  issue.   As a co-chair of the bipartisan International Basic Education Caucus,  I want to join with all of our colleagues today to voice our strong  support for H.R. 2153, the Keeping Girls in School Act, a bill that  many of us helped introduce.   Today, as was echoed earlier, many girls worldwide are not in school,  and this bill will work to close the gender gap between boys and girls  and work to keep girls in school through the high school level, when  girls are at the highest risk of dropping out.   This is a commitment of the U.S. to support programs, policies, and  resources to help vulnerable girls stay in school. This bill will  provide results-based aid grants, lower the cost of secondary  education, and make sure that schools are safe for all of our children.   We must work to ensure that girls in every country are able to stay  in school so that we can empower them in order to reduce poverty and  create safer, healthier communities. The Keeping Girls in School Act  will help reduce barriers girls around the world face when trying to  remain in school and help them access more opportunities.   Madam Speaker, the top line summary of H.R. 2153 states this bill is  ``to support empowerment, economic security, and educational  opportunities for adolescent girls around the world.'' However, this  bill will do much more than that. This bill provides opportunity. This  bill provides hope. This bill will give some of our most vulnerable a  chance to succeed.   As Madam Speaker said earlier, we need to be a voice for the  voiceless. And, Madam Speaker, I want to thank you for doing just that,  yourself and Representative Brooks, because these 130 million girls,  they need a voice, and we are going to be that voice for them here  today.    