 Madam President, I am proud to follow my very  distinguished colleague from Maryland after those very powerful and  eloquent remarks, and I subscribe to literally every point that he has  made in representing Maryland. We are joined by Senators from all over  the country, Senator Reed, and Senator Cortez Masto. This issue is  truly national in scope.   It occurred to me as I was listening to Senator Van Hollen: We would  not ask students to go through an education where they had no books,  where they had no desks, where they had no writing instruments, where  they had no teachers. The internet is as fundamental to education today  as the basic building blocks of desks and teachers and books. They are  our future. Our students are our future, and the internet is part of  their present and future.   I want to bring this issue home to Connecticut. I convened a  roundtable--as I have done in many parts of the State--in Hartford a  week or so ago with the superintendent of schools, the mayor of  Hartford, and parents and community groups to talk about the digital  divide--or the homework gap, as it is now known so widely and  colloquially.   The stories they told me about attempting to connect during this time  when their students were learning remotely were absolutely  heartbreaking. Students who wanted to learn and sought to participate  did not have that basic opportunity because either they weren't  connected or they couldn't afford it or they didn't have the computer  or, in some instances, their parents couldn't connect, lacked the  expertise. Many of us have been there.   It is about connectivity, written broadly, but it is also about the  affordability of that service; it is about the mechanical instruments,  the computers, necessary to do it; it is about parents having the  expertise; and it is also about the learning habits of sitting in front  of a screen and absorbing knowledge in that way--not playing video  games but absorbing knowledge through distance learning.   In the absence of a robust and adequate governmental response,  private groups and philanthropists are filling some of the gaps. I want  to cite one in particular because it arose during that meeting. The  Dalio Foundation--specifically, Barbara and Ray Dalio--along with the  Hartford Foundation for Public Giving, have provided computers to  schools in the Hartford area.   In fact, Barbara and Ray Dalio have provided thousands of computers  to schools all around Connecticut, filling that gap through their  enormous generosity. They are people of vision who know that students  need this basic instrument of learning. It is about access to the  building blocks of education.   They are providing it, but private sources of funding and  philanthropy go only so far, and that is why we are here today to talk  about this really urgent issue. It is urgent for Connecticut but,  literally, for every State. There should be nothing political about it.  We have the wherewithal. We need the will. It is not a red State or a  blue State issue. It is the United States that has to come to the  rescue of American education and provide broadband connectivity.   The COVID-19 pandemic has literally exposed deep inequities--and one  of them is in education--in connectivity. There are inequities in  housing; redlining still exists. There are inequities in healthcare,  which is the reason why the burden of this pandemic has fallen  disproportionately on communities of color. In Connecticut, if you are  Black, you are 2\1/2\ times more likely to die of the coronavirus, but  one of the most pernicious injustices are the barriers that prevent  access to virtual learning and online education.   Schools in communities across Connecticut and the country are  grappling  [[Page S4909]]  with this unprecedented question: When is it safe to reopen? That  answer will depend on local circumstance, the opinions of scientists,  public health experts' views. Listen to the epidemiologists and the  scientists, not to the politicians. Undoubtedly, there will be, in some  cases, virtual learning and, in others, a hybrid of virtual and  physically present learning.   We have to recognize that the internet is going to be essential in  many, many communities in Connecticut and around the country, and some  communities will choose virtual learning in order to keep their  students, their teachers, and their parents safe, but the digital  divide will plague it, and it will plague almost every community.   We have this notion that somehow it is limited to rural areas or it  is limited to some States. It is, in fact, endemic to almost every  community in our Nation that some students are isolated and divided and  that some of our young people experience this homework gap.   As my colleague Senator Van Hollen said, one-quarter of all students  nationally are at risk of losing months of education because their  homes still lack adequate home internet.   We take broadband for granted. We rely on it every day in this  building and in many others around the country, in office buildings and  in many schools; but for some parents and children, it is absent, and  that is why the measures that we have suggested are so vital.   As with far too many of our divisions, the weight of these inequities  falls disproportionately and dangerously on communities of color. In  fact, at least 30 percent of African-American students lack access to  broadband, as well as 35 percent of Native Americans. We are leaving  behind those students who most need the help, and in this time of  national reckoning over racial justice, these barriers to education and  opportunity are even more dramatic, more profound, and more lasting.   We have to take the kind of significant steps now that we took after  Hurricane Katrina. The FCC took sweeping action to make sure that  individuals whose lives were upended by disaster were connected. Within  1 month, the FCC dedicated more than $200 million to fund connectivity  efforts and aggressively expanded Lifeline and E-Rate programs. We are  not even close to matching that commitment.   Remember, the bold plan in that instance was from George W. Bush and  from the FCC majority he appointed. This time, again, we must take  bold, bipartisan action. We can help bridge this divide and close the  gap.   I have joined my colleagues in pushing for emergency funds for  broadband access, for the Lifeline program, for E-Rate; yet, when I  asked the chairman of the FCC at a most recent Commerce Committee  hearing, he was unwilling to commit to the billion-dollar program that  I have suggested in various proposals, along with colleagues, is a  minimum that we should set forward. These proposals should be a first  step toward congressional action, a kind of rubric.   I was proud to introduce the Emergency Broadband Connections Act with  Senator Wyden to provide families with assistance so they can afford  broadband connections and to reinforce the Lifeline program. I am also  proud to work with Senator Markey and others on the Emergency Education  Connections Act to ensure that the FCC's E-Rate program can help all K- 12 students obtain broadband and devices.   As a country, there have been so many sacrifices made by so many and  so much heartbreak and hardship. This absence of broadband should not  be one of those sacrifices that we impose on our children.   We have the opportunity and the obligation to act now. I urge my  Republican colleagues to take this stark reality and include funding to  address the Homework Act within the long-overdue COVID-19 package. We  need to take this obligation seriously. We need to seize this moment.  It is a moment of reckoning, and we cannot fail to meet the challenge.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I would be happy to listen for much  longer to that kind of eloquence and enormously powerful and  significant comment on the blanket shield that some of our Republican  colleagues seek to provide to wrongdoers, whether they are corporate  wrongdoers or others who have severely harmed innocent people.   And it is not just about the rule of law that provides accountability  for victims and survivors of wrongdoing, it is also an important part  of the deterrent function of our legal system.   Accountability and penalties for wrongdoing are essential to  protecting vulnerable people in the future, and so our side will stand  for keeping the courthouse doors open. Those rights that some of our  Republican colleagues would destroy are essential not only to the  Anglo-Saxon concept of rule of law, they are also important to  vindicating right.   And some of the folks who lived in nursing homes and who passed away  as a result of this virus are veterans of wars. They fought for these  rights. They risked their lives and sacrificed, and many were wounded,  and they have now reached an age where they are in nursing homes.   But one of the reasons they fought was to preserve these very rights  that some of our colleagues would sacrifice so needlessly and so  readily.   Today, we are here not to look back and to lay blame. There will be  time enough to establish a commission, as I hope there will be, a 9/11- type commission, to learn from the mistakes that were made. Obviously,  we need to hold accountable other countries, including China, who may  have failed to reveal the extent and magnitude of the health threat  posed by this pandemic. We need to hold accountable officials in this  country who may have failed to warn and who denied the severity of this  pandemic.   We need to look forward, and right now, in this relief package, save  America from the raging pandemic that continues, a health crisis, and  from the collapse of our economy, happening before our eyes, an  economic crisis.   And part of our package must be to provide funds for those nursing  homes where those veterans live, where grandparents live, community  leaders, people who have served our Nation in all kinds of capacity,  raised our children, served in our religious places of worship, and  been there for us.   They have served and sacrificed, and we owe them places that are safe  and clean and, yes, healthy--at least conforming to standards that we  know are necessary to preserve them from disease.   And here is the blunt truth: A disproportionate number of the deaths  have occurred in these nursing homes.   In Connecticut, as is the case in many other States, the pandemic has  hit nursing homes especially hard.   Of over 4,400 COVID-19 deaths in Connecticut so far, about 65 percent  of all of them--that is 2,900--have been amongst individuals living in  nursing homes. That is a searing indictment of our society. It is  staggering.   And so I am proud to join with my colleague, Senator Casey, others  who have come to the floor, like Senator Whitehouse. I especially want  to thank Senator Casey because his leadership has been so instrumental  in this effort.   We need now to make nursing home reform and funding part of the next  package we pass here. We have all seen the signs ``Heroes Work Here''  outside nursing homes, and they are well deserved.   I have visited a number of them. Most recently, the Riverside Health  and Rehabilitation Center in East Hartford and the Mary Wade facility  in New Haven.   What struck me most was, in fact, the heroism of these workers.  Heroes do work there. They have put their lives on the line. They have  reported for duty, despite the threats to their own well-being and the  threats to their own health and safety and their families. They have  been there for the people who live in those nursing homes. They deserve  to be recognized and rewarded, not just in work but in money, in  hazardous duty pay. The $13 per hour on top of regular wages that is  part of the HEROES Act. It is known as the Heroes Fund. It should be  part of what we do next as a relief package. We need to put our money  where our mouth is in saying we support those essential frontline  workers. Let's recognize and reward them but also retain them and make  sure we recruit more of them because we need more of them.    Let's put our money where our mouth is, not just for our frontline  workers, not just for the hazardous duty pay, not just for the Heroes  Fund but for the people they serve in the conditions and care that  prevail in these nursing homes. The heroes are not only the workers,  they are the residents because they are veterans, teachers,  firefighters, nurses, parents and grandparents, friends, community  leaders, mentors. They are the Little League coaches who are now at an  age where they are not going to the baseball field. They are the  firefighters and police who once stood proudly in protecting our  communities and now depend on others to help them stand.   We know that older Americans are more vulnerable to this insidious  virus. We cannot simply surrender. We must act and we must protect  those nursing home residents. Let's also be blunt about where the  effects fall because these health disparities also have a racial equity  component. They not only affect older people who are more vulnerable,  they also affect older people in communities of color even more  heavily.   Those disparities are unacceptable. A New York Times analysis of  nursing homes found that nearly all--97 percent--of Connecticut nursing  homes where at least a quarter of the residents are Black or Latino  reported a coronavirus case. So there is a gap between homes with  significant minority populations and homes that do not have them.  Addressing this crisis in our nursing homes means we must address the  racism that accounts for those disparities and mars our Nation. We can  never forget that these residents of nursing homes are more than  numbers, more than statistics; they are real people. As shocking as the  numbers are, they are less dramatic than what you and I have seen when  we visit those nursing homes. And my guess is, everybody listening to  me now, almost all Americans are touched by the deaths that have  occurred there in one way or another, directly or indirectly.   So I am proud to join Senator Casey in fighting for the Nursing Home  COVID-19 Protection and Prevention Act. It would provide $20 billion in  emergency funding specifically targeted for protecting those nursing  home residents and providing the kind of personal protective equipment,  training, and other kinds of resources that are necessary for making  sure that the heroes, the frontline workers, have the capacity to do  their jobs and the heroes who live in those nursing homes both receive  the care and resources they need.   I am also proud to have introduced legislation with Senator Booker,  the Quality Care for Nursing Home Residents and Workers During COVID-19  Act, which would provide for additional reforms to address the  egregious number of nursing home deaths in Connecticut and throughout  the country. It would require weekly tests of every resident and  testing for every shift for healthcare workers. It would also mandate  that all healthcare workers have sufficient PPE and comprehensive  safety training around COVID-19, and each facility have a full-time  infection-control preventionist on staff to keep residents and workers  safe. It would guarantee that sufficient staff is available to  facilitate weekly virtual visits between residents and their families.  The sense of isolation of many of these nursing home residents is one  of the major failings of how they have been treated during this  pandemic.   We need to move forward without delay. There is no excuse for  spending time debating this issue. We all know that these steps are  necessary. There  [[Page S4920]]  should be no politics. Nursing homes do not provide care for red or  blue residents. They do not employ red or blue frontline workers. This  cause should be bipartisan.   Unfortunately, the Republican proposal fails to provide virtually any  resources--certainly nothing like the $20 billion that we are asking.  So I hope we will move forward, as reasonable, caring minds and hearts  must do, and make sure we provide the resources necessary to do justice  to these heroes.   I yield the floor.   