 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Connolly for his leadership  on this, on FITARA, and on so many efforts to bring technology to our  government. I thank the gentlewoman from West Virginia and the  bipartisan committee that has helped bring this legislation to the  floor, including the majority and minority staffs.   Mr. Speaker, we worked with the White House Office of Innovation and  Matt Lira on this. The idea was very simple. We in the Federal  Government should have cutting-edge technology in our Federal agencies.  As a representative of Silicon Valley, it has always perplexed me why  the world's greatest institution, the strongest institution, the United  States Government, can't adopt the latest technology.   What this bill does is says that we need to have digital expertise in  the General Service Administration, about 50 to 150 individuals who  will help all of our Federal agencies adopt cloud computing, adopt  artificial intelligence, adopt the latest technology modernization and  infrastructure, adopt the best digital practices for customer service.   We want our Federal Government to be user friendly. We want our  Federal Government to use all the tools of technology to be  competitive, to be the leader in the world. That is what this bill  does.   I want to applaud the bipartisan spirit in which this bill came to  the floor. It was originally the White House Chief of Staff Mark  Meadows who was the cosponsor of the legislation. I thank him, as well  as the cosponsor, now the ranking member, Representative Rice. On the  Senate side, we have bipartisan commitment from the leadership of  Senator Portman and Senator Maggie Hassan. So I am hopeful that this  will actually become law and allow us to continue to compete.   I just want to end by thanking Geo Saba, a staff member who was  extraordinarily helpful on this; as well as, again, the committee staff  that has been excellent to work with; and, of course, Chairwoman  Carolyn Maloney, who helped bring this to the floor.   