 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's comments  and his courtesy.   Listening to my colleague from Arizona sort of made my head hurt.  This legislation does not legalize cannabis across the country. What it  does is it stops the Federal Government from interfering with what  States have decided to do.   No small amount of irony, her State just approved legalizing  cannabis. And this legislation would prevent the Federal Government  from interfering with what her voters decided.   I have been waiting for this historic moment for a long time. I was  in the Oregon legislature when we were the first State to decriminalize  cannabis. I have been working from Bangor, Maine, to Santa Barbara ever  since trying to end the failed prohibition of cannabis.   It is happening today, because it has been demanded by the voters, by  facts, by the momentum behind this issue.   It is now a $17 billion industry. It employs 250,000 people. It is  powerful in terms of economic development.   More important, as my friend from Massachusetts said, this is an  opportunity to strike a blow against the failed war on drugs that has  literally destroyed hundreds of thousands of young Black lives. Black  people use cannabis no more frequently than Whites, but they are  arrested about four more times, and in some parts of the country, it is  much, much greater.   We are still arresting or citing 600,000 people a year for something  that the majority of Americans now think should be legal. That is why  the voters in this country took it into their own hands. That is why  today, 99 percent of the American population have some access to  legalized cannabis.   This will help us set up a system moving forward. It will stop the  interference by the Federal Government for research, for banking, for  being able to promote an opportunity to make this work properly and not  interfere with what voters in States have decided to do in the best  interest of their public.   I really appreciate our being at this point. The legislation was  carefully crafted over the course of two years with the Judiciary  Committee. It comes on the heels of other legislation, like the Safe  Banking Act, and we have research legislation that is moving forward.  Five States, including Arizona, just approved it.   Mr. Speaker, this is a historic moment. It is an important step  towards rationalizing the policy, towards racial justice, towards  health, so that maybe the parents in my neighborhood don't have to  formulate cannabis medicine to stop their babies from being tortured by  extreme seizure disorder.    Mr. Speaker, that is why a number of States that  haven't yet legalized cannabis have passed legislation to legalize  that.   This is an opportunity for us to right this historic wrong. This is  an opportunity for us to turn the page and move forward without Federal  interference so that we are not outsourcing the product development to  Canada or Israel. It is an opportunity for us to realize the promise  while we realize the notion of racial justice.   I urge, in the strongest possible terms, for my colleagues to get in  step with the vast majority of the American public, with what has  happened at the State level, to be able to make this safe, affordable,  and healthy, something that will make a big difference for people  across the country. It is something for which time is long overdue, and  I herald the day and hope that my colleagues will vote for it.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  in permitting me to speak on this.   Madam Speaker, I am excited that this bill is finally making it to  the floor. We have watched the support build while we have watched the  case become ever stronger.   As has been referenced by my colleagues, across the country, there  are thousands of big cats--``exotics'' they are referred to--in terms  of tigers and lions who are often kept by private owners in unsafe and  abusive conditions. They are shown often bred by unlicensed exhibitors  in basements or backyards. Not only does this cause suffering among  these exhibit wild animals that are not meant to live under these  conditions, but it does, as has been referenced, pose a risk to  community safety.   Since 1990, there have been almost 380 dangerous incidents involving  captive big cats in 46 States and the District of Columbia, leading to  some traumatic injuries--and even death.   Too often, as has been referenced, it is the first responders who  answer calls involving these animals, exposing police and fire to  unnecessary risk. They are trained for public safety, not to deal with  these huge and occasionally dangerous animals. State law is completely  inadequate. It is a patchwork on this issue. Some ban private use.  Others allow it with no questions asked. This is cruel and dangerous.  Today, we are voting on a bill to change that.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate my friends, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr.  Quigley--people who have spent time advancing this issue, and finally,  it is before us. It will restrict private ownership of big cats, reduce  breeding, and help minimize abuse.   As has been referenced and needs to be emphasized, this is narrowly  focused on privately owned animals with appropriate exemptions for zoos  and universities and sanctuaries. It can improve the lives of big cats  and protect communities when things go wrong. These cats were never  meant to be in captivity. Unlicensed ownership and breeding is bad for  the animals. It is bad for the community. It doesn't advance  conservation or education.   Madam Speaker, I hope that we will both vote today overwhelmingly to  end the exotic trade on big cats and focus our efforts on real,  meaningful conservation efforts at home and abroad. I think we were all  just horrified by what we saw with the television series, ``Tiger  King.'' Sadly, one would think that that would be enough to motivate  the action.   Having worked on this issue over the years, I had some opportunity to  be familiar with some of the players. This is something that I hope now  is finally going to end, and it can today with our vote.   