 Madam Speaker, as the designee of Ms. Blunt Rochester, I  have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today as the designee of my very good friend,  Congresswoman Blunt Rochester, to offer and support this amendment.   Every person deserves to breathe clean air. As we battle a global  public health pandemic, that truth could not be more important.   Time and time again, the administration has chosen to ignore the  latest public health science, allowing our air to remain polluted and  our communities to be less safe.   The EPA's most recent failure to propose air quality standards that  will protect human health is unacceptable, and it will put tens of  thousands of lives at risk.   Fine particulate matter, commonly known as soot, is a dangerous  pollutant. In particular, it puts low wealth and communities of color  at greatest risk. These are the communities that are already  experiencing staggering death rates from COVID-19, made worse by  decades of exposure to toxic pollution.   The EPA has chosen to retain its existing inadequate standard,  despite ample peer-reviewed studies clearly showing that a stronger  standard is, indeed, justified.   Even the EPA's own more limited assessment of the health impacts  calculated that strengthening the standard would prevent thousands of  premature deaths.   This amendment is simple. It would prohibit the EPA from finalizing  its insufficiently protective review of the National Ambient Air  Quality Standards for particulate matter.   The American people need an Environmental Protection Agency that will  listen to doctors and scientists and take the steps necessary to  protect the health and well-being of all Americans, regardless of their  race, income, or ZIP Code.   We are in the midst of a global health pandemic. Protecting our  health could not be more important than at this very moment.   I, indeed, urge my colleagues to support this amendment and give the  EPA the opportunity to finalize a stronger standard that will actually  protect human health and the environment.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.     Madam Speaker, I will repeat. Every individual deserves  the right to breathe clean air. Certainly, this pandemic has proven  that certain areas, certain neighborhoods, certain populations, have  been at risk. It has been proven by the impact that COVID-19 has borne  on so many individuals and communities.   I would like to thank Representatives Blunt Rochester, McEachin, and  Rush for authorizing this important amendment and for their tireless  work to achieve environmental justice in carrying out our Nation's  environmental laws.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chair McCollum of the Interior, Environment,  and Related Agencies Subcommittee for her work on this great bill to  protect public health and the environment.   EPA has a requirement to put forward standards that are based on  sound science and protective at the same time of human health. The PM  proposal has failed to do so.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to  ensure environmental protection extends to each and every American.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   