 Mr. President, the Communist Party of China is  committing a genocide against the Uighur people. Let me say that again.  The Communist Party of China is committing a genocide against the  Uighur people.   Under General Secretary of the Communist Party Xi, 1 million Uighurs  have been placed in concentration camps simply because of their  religion. The Xi regime is reportedly performing forced abortions and  forced sterilization of Uighur women.   The Communist Party of China is harvesting organs from Uighurs and  members of the Falun Gong. The Communist Party assigns male Han Chinese  to regularly sleep in the same beds as the wives of Uighur men detained  in the camps.   In addition to these disgusting human rights abuses, the Communist  Party of China is stripping away the freedom and autonomy that the  people of Hong Kong were guaranteed. They are threatening Taiwan,  building up their military to compete with us, arresting and detaining  foreign journalists, and punishing anyone who disagrees with them.   General Secretary Xi has established a surveillance system in Beijing  that tracks every movement you make online and in person. The actions  of Xi and the Chinese Communist Party fly in the face of the  fundamental values that unite freedom-loving countries around the  world--values that the Olympic Games are meant to foster and promote.  Yet, in just 2 years, Communist China is slated to host the 2022  Olympic Games. The International Olympic Committee's Charter states:  ``The goal of Olympism is to place sport at the service of the  harmonious development of humankind, with a view to promoting a  peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity.''   The host city contract the IOC adopted in 2017 requires that hosts  protect and respect human rights. Unfortunately, but not by accident,  the contract does not take effect until after the 2022 Beijing games.  Think about that. It was 56 years ago that the International Olympic  Committee took a historic step and stood up to the Government of South  Africa and its racist apartheid system and banned the country from  participation in the 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games. South Africa was also  excluded for the 1968 Mexico City games, and in 1970, the IOC  indefinitely expelled South Africa from Olympic competition.   Germany and Japan were banned from participating in the 1948 Olympic  Games for their roles in World War II. Afghanistan was banned in 2000  because of the Taliban's discrimination against women, and South Korea  was pressured by the IOC to enact democratic reforms before it hosted  the 1988 games.   Should Communist China, which places no value on human life or  freedom, be allowed to host the 2022 games? Absolutely not. Doing so  will threaten the safety of athletes and attendees and financially  reward the dictatorship responsible for its genocide against its Muslim  population.   My colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Markey, and I introduced a  bipartisan resolution calling on the International Olympic Committee to  rebid the 2022 games to a country that recognizes and respects human  rights. This isn't about a boycott. I am absolutely opposed to a  boycott, and it is not about politics. This is a fight about human  rights, which transcends politics.   Moving the Olympic Games out of Communist China doesn't hurt  athletes. It keeps them safe from Communist China's oppression. Last  year, the world watched while Communist China pressured the NBA to  sensor themselves over one tweet supporting Hong Kong citizens who were  fighting for their freedom. We saw the NBA cower to Communist China's  wishes. They even prohibited athletes who were in China at the time  from speaking with reporters.   If Communist China has the ability to sensor the NBA, an American  organization, from speaking anything about anything that may offend  General Secretary Xi, what will they do to athletes around the world?  Will this regime start censoring or restricting participating athletes?  What about the press? Will their broadcasts be censored to appease  General Secretary Xi?   We have to open our eyes to this threat, and we have to stand against  the genocide of the Uighurs and the political oppression of  Hongkongers. We also have to consider the safety of athletes and  spectators from all over the world. For the hundreds of millions who  will watch the games, we must again lead by example and refuse to give  Communist China a platform to whitewash its crimes.   I stand with the freedom-loving people of Hong Kong, the historically  persecuted people of Tibet, the peaceful community of Chinese Muslims,  including Uighurs, Falun Gong, and the journalists and political  dissidents in China. I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in  demanding that the IOC rebid the 2022 Olympic Games should China fail  to abandon its indefensible course   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged from further  consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 526. I further ask  unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be  agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, first, as you would expect, I am  disappointed in two ways.   No. 1, I am disappointed that we couldn't get a resolution done that  dealt with what is going on in China.   I would love the process to work perfectly so that everybody would do  things in proper order, but the resolution is pretty simple. We know  all the bad things that are happening in China, and we need to stand  up. We have a chance now, not in 6 months, not in--I don't know what  time it would take to go through the Foreign Relations Committee, but  we ought to be standing up now to say that the IOC needs to move the  Olympics. So I am very disappointed that my colleague is not willing to  just go along with a simple resolution to do that.   No. 2, what my colleague knows is that the bill he is proposing would  never get done. I have colleagues who want to reform and fix the TPS  program. I worked with my colleagues--all 53 Republican colleagues--and  they said that as long as we do a commonsense reform of the TPS  program, we would go ahead and do TPS for Venezuelans. So that is a  bill we could do today.  [[Page S5927]]    We could have done it a couple of times, but my colleague on the  other side of the aisle--another--blocked it. It doesn't make any sense  to me why we are not getting this done. We can both talk about all of  the problems and issues the Venezuelans are dealing with. It is very  disappointing to me.   I don't know what the reason is. I have been trying to work with my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle to ask: What is the problem?  And nobody will say: This is exactly what it is, and this is what you  need to change to get it done. I don't know how we get things done here  if people are not willing to sit down and talk to each other to figure  out how to get it done.   I have also proposed other things that my colleague has blocked, like  trying to make sure that Maduro couldn't--there were no revenues that  could get to the Maduro regime, and that was blocked.   This just doesn't make any sense to me. I don't know what the issue  is. I don't know if it is because it was proposed by Republicans rather  than Democrats, but we have to figure out how to stand up together  against human rights violations around the world.   It should be simple to say that the International Olympic Committee  should not be hosting the Olympic Games in 2022. It is pretty simple.  It is disgusting what Xi is doing.   It should be pretty simple to say: If we want to get TPS taken care  of, whether it is for Venezuelans or whether it is for El Salvadorans  or anybody else, we need to have a commonsense reform of the TPS  system. That is why I proposed this resolution, and all 53 Republican  Senators agreed with me.   I hope my colleague will commit to work with me to try to help the  Venezuelans and also help others by fixing this TPS program. I hope he  will work hard either to get a resolution that he agrees with me on or  work through the Foreign Relations Committee to do something. But we  have to do everything we can to stop the genocide of the Uighurs in  Communist China and also do everything we can to help the Venezuelans  who are here and need TPS.    Mr. President, I appreciate the comments of my  colleague from New Jersey.   No. 1, I still have not heard what the issue is with a resolution  that sounds like 99 other Senators are OK with, with regard to holding  General Secretary Xi accountable. I haven't heard my colleague say what  the concern is with it.   It seems to me that we have the opportunity right now, between the  two of us, if we need to make a change, maybe we can make a change. But  I would like to get something done today.   No. 2, as we know, the TPS program is a temporary program. It is not  operated as a temporary program, and it has to be reformed.   I agree with my colleague from New Jersey. I would like the President  to say that the Venezuelans would get TPS right now, but I think the  White House's position is that we have to fix the program because the  program doesn't work. It is not a temporary program.   That is why my fix--because what a lot of Senators keep saying--they  want to say that we have to take back power we have given to the  President. My resolution does that.   The President can still do TPS, but after he does, if he wants to  extend it, it has to come back to Congress, and we need to make a  decision. It is pretty common sense. If we did that right now, we could  get TPS for Venezuelans.   The Senator from New Jersey has blocked my bill. It is a bill with  Senator Rubio to hold Maduro accountable by prohibiting Federal  agencies from doing business with anyone who supports the oppressive  Maduro regime. I don't understand why he would do that. He has blocked  a bill that is going to prevent money from going there.   We have to stand up, whether it is against the Castro regime or  Maduro. We have to support democracy and freedom in Latin America.   I hope my colleague will stop blocking that bill also.    I yield the floor.  [[Page S5928]]    