 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, first  of all, I note that the customary path for bills and resolutions is for  them to be considered by their committees of jurisdiction, marked up  through regular process, and reported out to the Senate floor.   I understand that many Members of this body have noble causes and  good ideas that fall under the jurisdiction of the Senate Committee on  Foreign Relations. Unfortunately, the chairman has only held one real  legislative markup this entire year--in May. That one meeting, which  included multiple pieces of substantive, bipartisan efforts, was ended  prematurely before many pieces of vital legislation could be acted upon  and without having a vote on even a single amendment. While the  minority was strongly supportive of more legislative activity, the  chairman pulled down another legislative markup, without any  explanation, in the first week of July and yet another one, just this  week, without any explanation.   Regardless of those facts, I can tell you that I don't believe the  majority, which has the convening power--and, lately, when it does list  a committee  [[Page S5244]]  hearing or a markup unilaterally decides to do so--has ever sought  committee activity for Senator Lankford's resolution. This is the first  time--and I would assume for others--that many are seeing it.   He mentions the 8 months. I am sure that he could speak to the  chairman of the committee by virtue of his being of the majority party,  the Republican Party, but the chairman hasn't brought his resolution  forward. If he is chagrined that for 8 months it has been languishing  in the committee, it is because Chairman Risch has neither asked for it  to be included when there was a business markup nor asked for it now.   It is true that, on occasion, a resolution gets released. I did one  for Rob Portman regarding Otto Warmbier--it was the anniversary of the  tragic moment--and it was released to the Senate floor. Yet there are  many other critically important legislative items that have been marked  up and are ready for action on the floor.   Last December, the Defending American Security from Kremlin  Aggression Act, or what we know as DASKA, passed out of the Committee  on Foreign Relations, through regular order, with a strong bipartisan  vote. It has been pending on the floor for nearly 8 months. Over the  course of that time, Russian aggression has manifested itself in Syria,  Libya, and on the streets of Europe, where opponents of the Putin  regime have been assassinated.   This past week, all Senators were briefed on the broader question of  foreign interference in our elections, and we know it is a threat and  that it is real and growing. If the Senate should dedicate any time to  a foreign policy issue, it seems to me that this should be it. Our  election is in 88 days. Yet the Senate trudges along, blind to the  threat before our very eyes.   DASKA should be the business of the Senate floor, and it should be  passed. Similarly, the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations passed a  Saudi Arabia bill more than a year ago, and it has been waiting for  floor action. I could go on and on.   Now, I don't want to undermine the importance of the issue that  Senator Lankford is trying to address. Around the world, we see  autocratic rulers imposing blasphemy laws as a way of targeting the  freedom of religion and speech of those who enjoy that or should enjoy  that freedom of religion and speech. His resolution rightly condemns  blasphemy laws for violating international human rights standards, and  it raises serious concerns.   Yet I would just say that we need to have a moment of self- reflection. This resolution doesn't say anything about this  administration's disparaging attitudes and comments about certain  religions and ethnicities. How can we have this conversation without  addressing President Trump's reported expression of approval of  concentration camps for Uighur Muslims in Xinjiang?   Under the leadership of the President and Secretary Pompeo, the  administration has downplayed human rights abuses in countries from  North Korea to the Persian Gulf; has coddled a dictator who ordered the  horrific murder of journalist and U.S. resident Jamal Khashoggi;  verbally attacked the principle of freedom of the press; instituted the  Muslim ban that sent chills around the world about the U.S. commitment  to freedom of religion; and slashed the admission of refugees, many of  whom were persecuted religious minorities. Certainly, the Committee on  Foreign Relations in the Senate should be saying something about that  record as well.   As a matter of fact, between fiscal year 2017 and 2018, the  administration reduced the admission to the United States of Christian  refugees by 36 percent and of Muslim refugees by 85 percent. We should  also be discussing how the U.S. Envoy to the Organization of Islamic  Cooperation has been left vacant for over 3 years.   In closing, I believe addressing blasphemy laws and standing up for  the freedom of religion and the protection of religious minorities is  urgent and warrants much further attention from both the Committee on  Foreign Relations and of this body as a whole.   I urge Senator Lankford to work with Chairman Risch to schedule a  legislative markup so that this resolution, as well as other important  initiatives, can be considered under regular order because, when his  resolution or others are before it, there is an opportunity to amend  them, to augment them, and to include other issues, even within the  context of the issue of religious freedom.   That is not provided here, and for those reasons I object.    The issues that were expressed in Senator Durbin's  resolution had been issues before the committee on the issue of  Belarus. As a matter of fact, even today, the nominee to be the U.S.  Ambassador has been discussed. So that issue has been discussed.   Unfortunately, although I think it has merit, the issue of religious  freedom, as you have defined in your resolution, has not. So at least  the substance of the issue has been the possibility of the debate.   I would simply say that I know you are highlighting that one  resolution. Yes, our colleague from Ohio, Senator Portman, brought to  my attention the anniversary of Otto Warmbier, and it was happening  before--and he said: I did not ask for it to come before the committee.  I thought that it should, and it fell between the cracks. So we agreed.  But that doesn't mean that everybody is going to come to the floor and  not give the committee members the chance to work on resolutions and to  have their views cast on that resolution for the full body to consider.    Mr. President, I take offense at the suggestion that  nothing is good enough for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, that  nothing gets done. There are 160 ambassadorial employees--and of that  [[Page S5245]]  rank--who have passed through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee  overwhelmingly with bipartisan support.   Every year, we get the State Department's budget. Every year, we have  a budget that is decimated, including for the issues that my colleague  cares about. It is because those of us on the committee who believe in  the power of diplomacy in the State Department work feverishly to  restore and enhance the budget of the State Department that it has been  able to carry out its mission. But the budget that the Secretary of  State comes before the committee to defend and advocate for is a huge,  huge consequence.   Look, we are constantly doing things to protect the lives of American  citizens in the committee. I could enumerate a number both of  resolutions as well as legislative language that would have far- reaching--I mean, I am in favor of resolutions. They are an expression  of sentiment. But legislation that puts into action within our laws the  ability of countries that conduct blasphemy and other types of crimes  against people who simply want to pursue their religious views--that  would be far more consequential.   So there is a lot that goes on in the committee, and a lot of it has  actually been bipartisan. By the same token, if our colleague is  chagrined that not enough is moving through the committee, talk to the  chairman because you can't move anything through the committee if you  don't have committee business markups, and we haven't had one--I think  except for one--and we are in August.   