 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about two stories, two  parallel stories that are not conflicting but coexist in our world  today.   The first story is that of a police officer in Anytown, USA, the  police officer who swore a solemn oath to serve and protect her  community and who every day proudly puts on the badge, gets in her car,  and goes to her job knowing full well that she may not come home. She  has a family and kids whom she wants to see graduate. She still puts on  [[Page H2502]]  the badge every day because she cares deeply about making her community  a better and safer place.   I know this story well from my 23 years as a law enforcement officer.  It is a narrative of pride that needs to be known and heard. It is a  narrative that deserves admiration and respect.   The second story is of a Black teenager also in Anytown, USA, who  watched Walter Scott get shot in the back in South Carolina, who saw  Ahmaud Arbery go out for a jog and not come back, and who saw George  Floyd murdered at the hands of police and who is genuinely afraid and  uncertain that, if he leaves his home and goes out to the store for his  mother, he may not come back.   These communities feel abandoned, they feel left behind by their  government, and by sitting in this Chamber today and bringing up a bill  that is so partisan that it will go nowhere after its consideration  here, the majority is proving them right. The majority is telling that  Black teenager and that officer that their concerns can wait until  after election day.   Mr. Speaker, my motion to recommit asks that we consider both  stories, both perspectives. My motion to recommit, which is the JUSTICE  Act, was the product of Senator Tim Scott's and my sharing two  different stories and finding solutions that inspire real change. The  JUSTICE Act makes the necessary reforms that should have been made a  long time ago.   I know, when it comes to hiring an officer, there is no room for  mistakes. This JUSTICE Act improves access to prior disciplinary  records, ensuring that officers who continuously act outside of their  policies, procedures, and training can never move from department to  department.   It emphasizes community-reflective recruitment, ensuring the makeup  of police departments more closely resemble the communities that they  serve.   It restores investment in community policing. This is a philosophy  that you don't police your community; you police with your community.   It invests in improved police training, with a focus on de-escalation  techniques and the duty to intervene. It increases funding for body  camera usage, which helps identify bad officers and exonerate the good  ones.   Mr. Speaker, I ask that you vote for this motion to recommit. I ask  that you vote for real change, for reforming our law enforcement, for  implementing community policing best practices, for more body cameras,  for de-escalation training, for duty to intervene, and for mental  health training.   I ask that you vote for that officer who wants to come home to her  kids and for that Black teenager who, today, feels left behind.   At a time when so many feel divided and our Nation needs healing, let  us be the shining city upon the hill. Let us stand together as one  Congress and as leaders of this Nation and advance real and much-needed  police reform.   Mr. Speaker, vote ``yes'' on this motion to recommit.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   