 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for bringing this  legislation forward, and especially Chairman Grijalva and Ranking  Member Bishop. I also thank Oregon senators, Merkley and Wyden, for  their efforts on this, too.   Irrigators in the Klamath Basin, which I represent, face another  drought-stricken year. There have been a lot of things we have done to  help them over time. I have been involved in these issues for more than  20 years now, and it is one of the most vexing water systems in the  country when you try and parse it all together and make it all work,  and couple that with Federal requirements and Tribal rights, and then  get a drought year, we get in really bad shape.   This year, I welcomed Secretary of Interior David Bernhardt and  Bureau of Reclamation Commissioner Brenda Burman to the Klamath Basin.  They got a firsthand look at what our farmers were facing there.  Secretary Bernhardt was the first Secretary of the Interior to visit  the Klamath Basin in about 20 years, so we are really appreciative that  he took time personally to come out there.   We are thankful to the Trump administration for listening to us. They  have committed to provide funding to ensure we have the best science  available to make better decisions by the Federal Government when it  comes to the allocation of water.   Today, in this legislation, we are providing yet another tool to help  farmers. This legislation will give the Bureau of Reclamation the  authority to spend $10 million each year over the next 4 years to  implement measures including groundwater pumping and water movement  through the Bureau of Reclamation facilities. This is simply essential  for the survival of irrigated agriculture in the Basin.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to continuing to work with Congress, the  administration, and local officials to find durable, lasting solutions  for the farmers, ranchers, fish, and Tribes in the Klamath Basin.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for bringing this bill forward,  and urge its passage.   