 Madam President, I ask permission to speak for 1 minute  in morning business.    Madam President, there is an area in Bosnia that goes  by the name of Srebrenica. This month is the 25th anniversary of a  massacre that took place there. It happens to be the worst genocide on  European soil since the Holocaust.   Twenty-five years ago, 8,000 Bosnians were murdered out of ethnic and  religious hatred. Many Bosnians, who witnessed this horrific atrocity,  became refugees and found a home in my State of Iowa. We must remember  for those Bosnians, Iowans, and for all Bosnians who suffer as they  continue to deal with unimaginable memories. It is also important for  the rest of us to make a point of remembering what has happened so we  can prevent it from happening again.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, before I speak, several of my  colleagues on this side of the aisle, over the next several minutes-- well, probably for more than a half hour--will be coming to the floor  to discuss what I am discussing, which is a very important problem we  have of rapidly increasing drug prices.   After I speak, these other Senators will come to the floor: Senator  Braun, Senator Cassidy, Senator Collins, Senator Hyde-Smith, Senator  McSally. All of these people have been very favorable in support of the  Prescription Drug Reduction Act, and I want to thank them for  participating in bringing attention to this very important issue of  unjustified increases in drug prices.   After these folks I just mentioned speak, I understand that my  colleague from Iowa, who is in support of the legislation, is going to  come at a later time today.   So thank you to my colleagues.   According to a recent Gallup poll, 9 out of 10 Americans are  concerned about prescription drug prices. Specifically, they are  concerned that the pharmaceutical industry will take advantage of the  current pandemic to increase drug prices. That poll was published a  month ago. Unfortunately, those concerns have become a reality now.   Two weeks ago, POLITICO reported that pharmaceutical companies have  raised prices on hundreds of prescription drugs just during the  pandemic. The report says that there have been more than 800--800-- price increases just this year.   I have been working on a bill for over a year and a half to stem  these increases and rein in drug prices. It would cap costs for  Medicare recipients, cap increases to the rate of inflation, and save  taxpayers nearly $100 billion. It wasn't simple, but I am glad to have  produced this kind of bill with Ranking Member Wyden and my colleagues  here with me today.   But I am disappointed. My partner and all of my Democratic colleagues  who approved this bill in committee by a vote of 19 to 9 declined to  cosponsor an improved version of the bill that they helped put together  in the first place, and this is the work of about 18 months.   I can't be sure why, but I have to assume it is because it is an  election year, and, somehow, passing a bill that would do so much good  in a time with so much hardship might help Republicans who also support  the bill, hurting Democrats' chances of taking the majority.   As we consider a new relief bill, we ought to put aside that kind of  politics-before-people method of legislating. We need to approve the  Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act as part of this package. Our  country is facing the most serious public health crisis in a  generation--not just a generation, if you think back--in generations.   Millions of Americans are newly unemployed, and many small businesses  have slowed or shuttered altogether. People across the country are  stretching their paychecks and their savings to get through this virus  pandemic.   In the CARES Act, passed in March, and in subsequent legislation, we  helped slow the hurt caused by this virus. But there is only so much a  stimulus check or tax relief can do when your bills just keep coming  and going up--meaning the pharmaceutical bills.   These drug price increases are a weight that Americans shouldn't have  to bear, especially seniors on whom the virus is taking a particular  toll.   The increases aren't a result of a functioning marketplace or an  industry with healthy competition. Addressing these price increases is  also something we all largely agree on.   In 2016, the President campaigned on making the marketplace for  prescription drugs fairer and more affordable for patients. He won. He  even talked about that promise in a State of the Union message when he  said that he wants Congress to send a bill for him to sign this year.   So the President made that campaign promise in 2016, and the  President has done many things since then to carry out that campaign  promise. He has even helped me in the development of this legislation.   That was 2016. This is 2020. In 2018, we have had many House  Democrats campaign on making the marketplace for prescription drugs  fairer and more affordable. Many of them won, and they took over the  House of Representatives. It is time to put politics aside and finally  act.   Just because Big Pharma was bankrupting patients before the pandemic  doesn't mean that we should allow them to keep on doing it now. In  fact, there is no better time to put an end to Big Pharma's price  gouging than right now.   I yield the floor.   