 Mr. Chair, as I have an amendment at the desk, I stand and  seek recognition.    Mr. Chair, this amendment creates a specific time period  for credit reporting agencies to change a consumer's credit report  after consecutive payments have been made on certain private education  loans.   This bill offers credit rehabilitation for distressed private  education loan borrowers. My amendment simply states that once a  consumer has made the consecutive payments outlined in the standardized  reporting codes, the consumer reporting agency must update a consumer's  report immediately or within 5 business days, at the most.   Credit reports and credit scores are tied to so many important  factors in consumers' lives. They determine interest rates on  mortgages, bank loans, and credit cards, and deposits for rent. They  can even lower insurance premiums.   Every day counts. Consumers shouldn't have to wait in limbo, not  knowing exactly when a charge is going to be removed from their credit  report, especially if they have been making consecutive payments and  meet the criteria to have it removed.   This amendment is supported by the National Consumer Law Center,  which stated that ``putting a specific timeframe for compliance is a  good idea. It provides clarity on what action needs to be taken for  both compliance and enforcement purposes. It also ensures borrowers  will get the benefits of the law promptly.''   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman Waters, Mr. Lawson, Congresswoman  Pressley, and the Financial Services Committee staff--especially Yana  Miles, Glen Sears, Avy Malik, Clement Abonyi, and Lisa Peto--for all of  their hard work on this issue. I encourage my colleagues to support  this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts  (Ms. Pressley), the sponsor of this comprehensive bill.    Mr. Chair, first of all, Federal student loans already  have the option to rehabilitate the loan after the borrower has made 9  out of 10 consecutive on-time payments.   H.R. 3621 simply brings private student loans in line with Federal  student loans, so 9 out of 10. It is not science like climate change  is, but it is pretty good, and it is based on current law for Federal  student loans.   Secondly, I would submit, don't try to make the perfect the enemy of  the good. I was here for 8 years in the minority, and I don't remember  the majority bringing any bills to help consumers on any student loans,  any loans, or anything at all. Fortunately, we are in the majority, and  we are bringing you bills to help consumers, and this bill helps people  with student loans.   Mr. Chair, I once again reiterate that I urge people to support this,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Chair, simply, for the college students, for the debtors, for  fairness, for justice, pass this bill, pass this amendment. I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, first, I would just like to make some closing  remarks on the previous argument. The gentleman is right. We need to  make college more affordable, and I passed a bill in Tennessee when I  was a senator, a referendum on the ballot that has raised over $5  billion to send kids to college in Tennessee, $5 billion free  scholarship money. So, yes, I don't talk the talk, I walk the walk.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment makes it unequivocally clear that credit  reports should not be used as the sole reason for the denial of  employment.   This amendment is for the countless constituents who have contacted  my office with disturbing stories of being denied a job opportunity  because of their credit report.   This amendment is for the many people in this country who are  currently in a vicious cycle: To pay down their debt, they need a job,  but they can't get hired because of their debt.   According to the Society for Human Resource Management, 43 percent of  employers are conducting pre-employment credit checks, claiming that a  potential employee's credit score is somehow an accurate predictor of  future job performance. Nobody says that. Like nobody says that you  have to have a crime in an impeachment article to impeach a President.  Abuse of power is sufficient.   Yet, there has not been any proof that a credit report or a credit  score can predict how an employee will perform, none whatsoever.   A credit report doesn't tell the whole story. Maybe a person had a  long stretch of unemployment. Maybe they unexpectedly had a health or a  medical crisis.   This practice has had a disproportionate impact on some of our most  vulnerable, credit-challenged citizens; recent college grads, divorced  women, low-income families, senior citizens, and minorities.   Everyone deserves the opportunity to begin rebuilding their credit  history by obtaining employment. We should be doing everything in our  power to help people find jobs during these tough economic times, not  hinder them.   Making sure credit reports are not used as a means for denial of  employment has been a very important issue to me and my office, and I  have introduced a bill, the Equal Employment for All Act, every  Congress for the last 11 years.   Unfortunately, in eight of those years, we were in the minority and  so we couldn't get a hearing. But now, Mr. Lawson has brought a bill,  which I appreciate greatly, and he is on the committee and this issue  is now before us.   What matters most is that important issues like this are addressed  and fixed by Congress and get to the floor for a vote. I would like to  thank Mr. Lawson.   I would also like to go back and thank my former staffer, Michael  Fulton, who worked tirelessly on the Equal Employment for All Act and  the Fair Access to Credit Scores Act. I am happy to see that language  to provide free credit scores is also included in the Comprehensive  CREDIT Act of 2020.   I want to thank again Chairwoman Waters and the dedicated staff on  the Financial Services Committee. And I encourage all of my colleagues  to support my amendment and vote for the overall bill.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Right.    I am still having trouble hearing. Like in the 8 years  when I was in the minority, I couldn't hear the majority party give me  a chance to bring this to a vote. But I don't think the answer is yes.  The answer is no.    Mr. Chair, it can't be the sole reason for denying a job,  number one. That is what the bill says. And there are exemptions for  circumstances when Federal, State, or local law call for it, or a  national security clearance.   Indeed, I think that if you are an administrator, if you are over,  say, the foreign policy of the United States and the Defense  Department, people should know if you have great debts to, like, Russia  or something. People should have a right to know that because it could  relate to your employment. But that is another issue.   Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee).    Mr. Chair, is the gentleman ready to close? Is the  gentleman ready to learn if a President has debts to Russia before he  can count the money?    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   