 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues,  Representatives Tlaib and Pressley, for yielding and allowing me to  speak.   As we all know, this morning the Supreme Court heard the oral  arguments in Medical Services v. Russo, a case that challenges the  unconstitutional abortion restrictions in Louisiana. The Louisiana law  would require abortion providers to obtain admitting privileges at a  hospital within 30 miles or else they must stop providing care.   Let's be clear what this is about. This restrictive law is meant to  eliminate access to abortion care. In fact, if this law were allowed to  stand, all but one of Louisiana's abortion clinics would be shut down.   This should be a straightforward decision for the Supreme Court.  Three years ago, the Court struck down an identical Texas law in Whole  Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt.   Americans overwhelmingly support abortion access. Nearly 80 percent  of Americans do not want to see Roe v. Wade overturned. Polling  consistently shows that there is not a single State in the Union where  residents want to outlaw abortion. Not one.   Reproductive rights are central to individual liberties. What we are  talking about are deeply personal decisions that should remain up to  the woman, not be decided by politicians. These rights enable women to  decide if or if not and how they should start to grow their family.  This right should be an absolute right and solely up to women to make  their own decisions about their health and their future, and we should  respect them for making that decision.   Reproductive rights also allow women to control their economic  security and make the best choices for themselves and their families.  It is not our place--any of us--to decide whether a woman should or  should not get an abortion.   Abortion remains one of the safest outpatient medical procedures.  However, placing the burden of admitting privileges on abortion  providers threatens the safety of these procedures. Nearly every  professional medical association has said having admitting procedures  will not make women safer.   But let's be honest. We know there is no medical reason for these  outrageously restrictive laws. There are only political reasons behind  these moves. Admitting privileges, as we know, are often difficult for  abortion providers to obtain, solely because of the ideological  opposition to abortion.   Therefore, it is imperative that we protect individual liberties and  that we protect reproductive rights and reproductive education in order  to build healthy communities.   