 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I sat at this very desk 2 months ago  during the impeachment trial, where I read news, oftentimes from East  Asian sources, about a viral pneumonia from an unknown virus emerging  from central China. From those earliest days, I began calling for  drastic measures to prevent this virus from reaching our shores and to  prepare for its potential arrival. I cannot claim any special  expertise. I am not a doctor. I am not a scientist. I am not an  epidemiologist. But I could tell from the very beginning that the  Chinese Communist Party was lying about everything related to this  virus, and that we had to be prepared for the worst.   That is why in January I called for a travel ban from mainland China.  That is why in February I began to call for crash approvals of  laboratory-developed testing kits or the use of the kind of testing  kits the World Health Organization approved or that South Korea has  been using. That is why I urged a Manhattan Project level of investment  in rapid testing and approval for therapeutic products and vaccines.   That travel ban and some other measures taken has bought us some  time, but our hour of great national testing has arrived. The moment of  decision is upon us. The time has come for extraordinary measures.   Look at what has happened to Italy just over the last 2 weeks. Two  weeks ago, Italians were enjoying early spring weather, sipping coffee  and wine in restaurants and bars--just 2 weeks ago. Today, elderly  Italians are being denied care and instead administered last rites  because their healthcare system is totally overloaded. It is time to  take extraordinary measures to avoid that fate. What seems extreme  today will seem obvious tomorrow.   Here are a few of the measures whose time has come, regrettably.  First, we need to stop all nonessential business activity in this  country. You can call it a shutdown. You can call it quarantine. You  can call it curfew. You can call it whatever you want, but no one  should be going to work in this country unless they are involved in  essential activities--groceries, pharmacies, delivering goods to those  places, electricity, water, sanitation, public safety. Anything else  poses too great a risk to public health.   Second, it is time for nonessential government services to shut down,  as well, at the Federal, State, and local levels. Anyone who is  involved in trying to arrest the spread of this virus or to mitigate  its economic impact or provide other essential services, like food aid  to the needy or care for other kinds of patients in a VA hospital, must  come to work, and we must be prepared to work extremely long hours. But  anyone else in government at any level should be telecommuting, if they  can, and staying home, in any case.   Third, it is time for our military to prepare to provide advanced  support of civilian authorities. This is a mission the military long  plans for. They are rarely called upon to do so, but an urgent hour is  approaching, especially at our hospitals and our nursing homes and  other healthcare facilities, when our young men and women in uniform  could be called upon to support our great doctors and our nurses to  provide additional capacity to treat patients, not just with this  coronavirus but with other urgent needs as well. That planning is in  its infancy. It needs to accelerate immediately.   Again, I know these are extraordinary measures, and they will impose  hardship and pain and dislocation, but the faster we arrest the spread  of this virus, the faster things can get back to normal and our economy  will heal. We will protect ourselves, and we will protect our well- being.   In the meantime, this Congress will be called upon for some pretty  drastic measures, as well, to ensure that all those persons affected by  steps taken on this day and the steps I am calling for can make ends  meet, can put food on the table, and keep a roof over their head and  pay their bills.   The House, over the weekend, passed a bill that has many important  provisions that I support and I suspect will pass unanimously from this  Chamber: free virus testing; provisions for school lunches for those  whose schools have closed, like the children all across Arkansas;  liability protection for the manufacturers of respirator masks, which  need it so we can get millions of more masks out to doctors and nurses.   But the House bill doesn't go far enough, and it doesn't go fast  enough. The centerpiece of the House bill providing aid to affected  workers is a new kind of tax credit for paid sick leave. Unfortunately,  that is wrongheaded on both counts. First, a tax credit--even a  refundable one, even one on which you can get an advance from the IRS-- will not do much good if a business has no revenue whatsoever. Imagine  all those restaurants, all those bars, all those gyms that are going to  come to a screeching halt today or tomorrow. They will have no cash to  pay their dislocated workers. They will not be sending anything to the  Treasury every 3 days in the form of payroll taxes, from which they can  get an advance. They will have nothing. They will go bankrupt if we  force them to advance sick leave with no revenue whatsoever.   But, also, it doesn't go far enough on the sick leave front. That is  a misguided category error. Yes, we should take care of those who are  sick with this virus. But there are so many others, as well--those who  are quarantined but are not sick, as some of those in the Senate have  done; those whose businesses are shuttered but are perfectly healthy,  if they work in a bar or restaurant or theater or gym; those who have  children whose schools have closed and have no means to provide for  childcare so they can get to work. They all have bills to pay as well.  They all have mouths to feed. So the House approach simply doesn't go  far enough or fast enough to create a complicated  [[Page S1751]]  new system that doesn't cover enough of America's workers and families.   So I would suggest a better approach. We simply need to use existing  systems to get cash in the hands of workers and their families as  quickly as possible. One approach is instant tax refunds or rebates-- call them what you will--to anyone who filed taxes last year,  especially those in the lower tax brackets, who are most likely to  struggle to make ends meet if they are not bringing home a paycheck.  That can be done almost instantly.   A second approach is to use existing social welfare agency programs  to get cash out the door and into the hands of displaced workers and  their families. Take unemployment insurance, for instance. The whole  point of unemployment insurance is to get checks quickly in the hands  of those who need it.   I consulted this weekend with our State officials. I consulted today  with Federal officials. We don't have to redesign the unemployment  system. We don't have to set new parameters and criteria in 50  different information technology systems in our States. All we simply  do is treat someone who is sick with this virus or quarantined because  of potential exposure or who is furloughed from a job or who is caring  for a child as if they were unemployed.   The cash stipend may not be their full wage, but it will be enough,  and it will be in their hands immediately so they can feed their kids  and so they can pay their bills. That can be done right now-- immediately. We don't have to use employers and tax credits as a  middleman or a conduit.   Third, we have to think about all those businesses that are  essentially going into a self-protective shutdown--all those  restaurants and bars and gyms and theaters and I suspect many more in  the days ahead. They are not making payroll. They are probably cutting  supplies. They still have other debts to pay, though. We should help  them get through this short period of testing, whether with loans or  loan guarantees or grants--what have you.   We have to remember, though, that when small businesses and medium- sized businesses run out of cash, they go into chapter 7 bankruptcy.  They liquidate. Those jobs don't come back. When giant businesses have  a cash crunch, they go into chapter 11. Sure, the owners may change,  but they come back into business.   Those are just a few of the steps we have to take to mitigate the  economic harm this virus is inflicting on our people and to ensure that  no one, not a single person in this country, has any financial  incentive to go to work when they are sick or when they even may be  feeling sick or to go out to try to find another job because their  workplace is shut down and they can't get any support from the  government.   Again, I know these are extraordinary measures, but these are also  extraordinary times, and the faster we act, the more aggressively we  act, the shorter these times will last. We will stop the spread of this  virus; we will get our people back to work; our markets will come back;  and we will be stronger on the back end of this crisis than we were  coming into it.   Nothing I have said here is a Republican idea or Democratic idea. I  don't have partisan objections to what the House has proposed. I simply  want to make sure that the action we take will work and will get relief  to all of those displaced workers and their families in a timely  fashion, when they need it, to put food on the table and keep a roof  over their kids' heads and pay for medicine and make car payments. That  is why the Senate is here today. That should be our focus in the days  ahead, and that is something we can accomplish together this week.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   