 Madam Speaker, last year marked the 100th anniversary of  the ratification of the 19th Amendment. While I wish the House would  have passed this bill last year to honor the centennial anniversary of  the suffragettes' decades-long fight to win the right to vote, I am  glad we are debating this bill now.   The Every Word We Utter Monument will serve as a continual reminder  of the courage shown by women engaged in the suffrage movement, and we  must all work to do what we can for the future to be able to ensure  quality and inclusion.   I appreciate the opportunity to have worked with my colleagues from  Colorado on this bill and especially my colleague from the Second  District, Mr. Neguse. I have stood across from him a few times on this  floor, and it is nice to be in agreement on a public lands bill that we  are able to work together on now. It is a bill that will help us bring  to light Loveland sculptor, Jane DeDecker's, work to Washington. I  think it is an adequate effort to be able to help recognize the  suffrage movement and the contribution of women to our Nation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.     Madam Speaker, I thank both my colleagues for their kind  words on this legislation.   Madam Chair, the Yucca House National Monument is in Montezuma  County, Colorado, very near to my hometown of Cortez. It is one of the  largest archaeological sites in southwest Colorado, preserving a  Montezuma Valley ancestral Puebloan site that is unexcavated.   If you were to look at it quickly, you might see just several mounds  of rocks, but it contains some valuable information that answers  questions that we have about large, active farming communities that  existed in the area centuries ago.   In 2019, Yucca House National Monument celebrated its 100th birthday.  Yucca House National Monument is surrounded by private land, and access  is granted through an easement on private property. The owner of that  property has experienced trouble with traffic and parking, and the  arrangement  [[Page H1211]]  is interfering with his ability to be able to manage the farm.   A private landowner adjacent to the national monument is now seeking  to be able to donate 160 acres to the monument to further protect  archaeological sites and cultural resources and to alleviate access  issues.   The land has been studied and determined to be appropriate for  inclusion in the national monument. The donation would facilitate a new  access road to the monument and parking for visitors.   It is important to note that the Montezuma County Commission has  approved the road and parking plan and waived a ``no net loss'' of  private land policy to officially support the 160-acre donation. In  doing this, the county has asked that my office work to be able to  release five wilderness study areas within Montezuma and Dolores  Counties, areas that pose problems for the counties when it comes to  protecting nearby communities from wildfire threats, balancing  recreation needs, and managing noxious weeds. I have already started  working to release these WSAs, and I am committed to being able to see  the process through.   Currently, the National Park Service has minor boundary revision  authority, as long as the sum total of the acreage added to the unit is  less than 200 acres and the lands are adjacent to other Federal lands  administered by the National Park Service.    Although this proposed donation is less than 200 acres, the donation  would increase the acreage within the monument about six times over.  Therefore, Congress must authorize a boundary revision before the  donation can be accepted.   The Yucca House National Monument is one of the most significant  archaeological sites in the country and stands as a reminder of how the  ancient Puebloans used to live hundreds of years ago.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill so that future generations  can continue to be able to experience the cultural and archaeological  significance of the monument.   