 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Gallego for yielding the  time.   Last year, this Congress came together to oppose Putin's attempts to  weaponize Europe's energy resources. I stand here today to urge my  colleagues to continue to stand firm against Russia's coercive tactics.   With the 1,200-kilometer Nord Stream 2 pipeline nearly completed,  time is running out. Should Putin be able to finish the remaining 100  kilometers of pipe, the energy security of the entire continent would  be compromised.   Let us not forget that Russia has cut energy supplies to Ukraine in  the past and is illegally occupying parts of the country. With an even  greater stranglehold on Europe's energy market, Putin could exert his  influence to devastating effect.   This amendment we debate today only clarifies and expands on  sanctions that were passed last year. It will also put Vladimir Putin  and his cronies on notice that they will not profit from the  weaponization of Europe's energy markets.   Some critics argue that a new round of sanctions on Nord Stream 2  would infringe on European security and sovereignty. In reality, the  opposite is true. The completion of the pipeline and the result would  increase Europe's energy dependence on Russia and present a real danger  to European security and sovereignty.   Moreover, most EU members, including Poland and the Baltic states,  oppose the NS2 pipeline project and are concerned it would give Russia  greater political and economic leverage over Germany and the rest of  Europe.   In fact, the European Parliament, in 2019, adopted a resolution  opposing Nord Stream 2 and said that the pipeline would reinforce the  EU's dependence on Russian gas supplies.   If completed, this pipeline would prove a powerful geopolitical  weapon for Putin that could weaken and divide Europe. The narrow  expansion of sanctions called for in this amendment seeks to prevent  Putin from ever wielding this weapon to advance his malign agenda in  Europe.   Again, I want to thank Mr. Gallego, Mr. Turner, and the rest of the  cosponsors for their support of this legislation.   