 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished  gentleman from Rhode Island, for yielding and for his leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4508, a bill to expand the  pipeline of women and girls in Pakistan entering higher education.   At home and abroad, women and girls face barriers to obtaining  education, hindering their ability to fill their potential. Barriers  include the cost of education, inadequate infrastructure, violence,  cultural norms, and gender discrimination. As a result, today at least  500 million women and girls across the globe struggle with literacy.   In Pakistan, the hurdles that women and girls face when seeking  education  [[Page H1452]]  are especially pronounced. In late 2008, Malala, whose name this bill  is in honor of, began making the case for education for women and girls  in Pakistan. Despite objections from the Taliban, she continued to  advocate this cause at great personal risk.   On October 9, 2012, Malala was on the way home when the Taliban  ambushed her bus and shot her in the head. Remarkably, she survived.  Instead of stopping her efforts, she continued to speak out, to stand  up, and to step out, becoming a world-renowned figure in the fight for  education.   As she said before the United Nations General Assembly: ``So, let us  wage a glorious struggle against illiteracy, poverty, and terrorism,  let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful  weapons. . . . Education is the only solution.''   In October 2014, Malala became a corecipient of the Nobel Peace Prize  for her struggle against the suppression of children and young people  and for the right of all children to education.   To this day Malala continues her work in this area.   Still, despite all the progress that has been made, only 32 percent  of primary school-age girls are in school in Pakistan. After primary  and secondary school, the rate of higher education enrollment for girls  drops down to just 9 percent. Less than 6 percent of women 25 and older  attain a bachelor's degree or equivalent in Pakistan.   The U.S. Agency For International Development's Merit and Needs-Based  Scholarship program currently funds full tuition and stipends for  financially strained Pakistani youth to complete a bachelor's or  master's degree at partner universities across Pakistan. This  legislation would ensure that at least half of those scholarship  recipients go to Pakistani women. Empowering girls with access to  education is not just the right thing to do, it is the smart thing to  do for Pakistan and for the global community.   I want to thank Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul of the  Foreign Affairs Committee for their leadership. I also want to thank  Congresswoman Ann Wagner for her tremendous leadership and for her  partnership on this legislation to support every girl's right to an  education.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   