 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for moving this  legislation forward and to our colleague, Ms. Jayapal, for  extraordinary work on this legislation.   Madam Speaker, you can learn an awful lot about a country by its  approach to justice. You learn about its values, about the people it  protects first, about the arc of its history, about the injustice it  tolerates and the inequities it reinforces.   When you aim that spotlight on our Nation, what it reveals is not  pretty. It is not something to be proud of. Because for millions of  people who call this Nation home, justice is not a guarantee. It is  something withheld. It is something far too many will never experience.   Very few battle that injustice more frequently than immigrants who  arrive on our shores and at our border because they believe in the  promise of our Nation. If we believe in that same promise as fiercely  as they do, we shouldn't be scared to provide them with justice, with,  at the very least, access to legal counsel.   Madam Speaker, we need to pass this bill to, at the very least, take  a small step forward in living up to those ideals, and we need to do it  today.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman.   Mr. Speaker, 155 years ago, Senators from my home State of  Massachusetts, Charles Sumner and Henry Wilson, knew that a bust of  Roger Taney deserved no home in our government's highest institutions.  Yet here we are, in 2020, and the bust of a man who tried to codify and  protect our original sin remains only a few hundred feet away.   Statues honoring traitors willing to destroy our Nation so that they  could own Black men, women, and children litter our Capitol, and  somehow we still need to have this debate.   Let me be clear: Dismantling the symbols that glorify White supremacy  is a bare minimum, but dismantling those symbols is no substitute for  dismantling the system that those men created.   This cannot be the end or the best of what we can offer the millions  who took to our streets demanding justice. This cannot be the end of  our work. This shouldn't even be considered the beginning of that work.  It should have been done 150 years ago.   Mr. Speaker, the Senate needs to pass the George Floyd Justice in  Policing Act. We need to dismantle and destroy White supremacy that  exists everywhere, from our education system to our healthcare system,  to our incarceration and juvenile justice systems and our financial  institutions and our economy. That is where we need to be working, and  that is what begins.   