 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Illinois for  yielding. I have so many things that I want to say now in light of  that.   The truth is, Mr. Speaker, I just came over, had to walk out on some  constituents to be here.   Hunter Pruett is in town. He is advocating on behalf of the Juvenile  Arthritis Foundation, and he has been meeting with me every year for  the 10 years I have been in Congress.   I said: Hunter, I am sorry. I have got to go to the floor. This is  our bill today. I will see you back home.   He said: I just want to tell you one thing, Rob.   He said: Whatever is going on in politics, just forget it. What I  want you to do for your next 9 months in Congress is just go and do the  right thing for the right reasons, and we will be with you.   That is a pretty common message that we get, but our committee  process doesn't always allow that to happen, and I want to thank the  chairman for leading a process that has allowed exactly that to happen.   Mr. Speaker, I don't know if it has been mentioned, but I am looking  at the chairman of the Select Committee on the Modernization of  Congress sitting beside the chairwoman of the House Administration  Committee.   Now, as you look through these 30 recommendations today, you will see  that a lot of them have to do with House Administration jurisdiction. I  am standing right beside the ranking member of the House Administration  Committee.   It is extraordinary in this institution for a chairwoman and her  ranking member to allow another committee to have any sort of input on  what goes on, much less delegate some of that conversation and  thinking. The lack of self-interest that has gone into this committee  is something I haven't gotten to see much in the 10 years I have been  here.   You won't see in these recommendations, Mr. Speaker, a recommendation  to turn all of the committees into the exact same bipartisan 50/50  committee that we have had the pleasure of working on. I don't think  you will see that in the next round either.   But I will tell you that one of the favorite stories I get to tell  back home to folks who feel like politics has taken over this town, for  folks who feel like MSNBC and FOX News run this institution these days,  that think Twitter is the be-all and end-all of in-depth political  thought, I have gotten a chance to work with Members who have, time  after time after time, put the institution first with one goal in mind.   Mr. Speaker, I am certain it has been said already, how can we serve  our constituency better, every single conversation, how can we serve  our constituency better; what can we do to better serve the American  people; how is the institution broken, not so that it is not serving  Members, but so that Members are not serving their constituents.    I know this isn't the most glamorous of topics, modernization of  Congress, but I would just say to all of my colleagues, if you are  feeling down, if you are feeling beaten by a political season, if you  think that this is the time of the electoral cycle where folks are  fussing with each other, more likely to tear each other down than build  each other up, read these 30 recommendations.   Tune in to the next Select Committee on the Modernization of  Congress, Mr. Speaker, because what you are going to see is exactly  what every single one of us wanted to see when we ran for Congress, and  that is serious men and women sitting down in a collaborative way,  putting the American people first.   It couldn't happen without the leadership of our chairman. It  wouldn't happen without the chairwoman of the House Administration  Committee and her willingness to be such a productive partner. It  couldn't happen without Ranking Member Davis and his willingness to be  so involved and so collaborative.   There should be recommendation No. 31, Mr. Speaker, and that is,  let's do this again.   