 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 8294, the  National Apprenticeship Act of 2020.   Apprenticeship programs are a tremendous benefit to our economy. They  provide a diverse range of opportunities for emerging workers to hone  and develop specific skills while providing competitive salaries that  strengthen our economy.   I agree with my colleagues that the National Apprenticeship Act needs  to be updated and reauthorized; however, Congress needs to ensure that  changes to this act accurately reflect the needs and challenges of the  current economy and the modern workforce.   H.R. 8294 fails to address and expand work-based learning programs  beyond the traditional registered model. Now, more than ever, we need  an apprenticeship system that provides tools and opportunities for  workers to succeed and will encourage our small- and medium-sized  businesses to participate.   The existing apprenticeship system is severely outdated and is  unresponsive to the needs and challenges of a dynamic workforce. The  current administration has addressed these needs by creating the  Industry-Recognized Apprenticeship Program, commonly referred to as  IRAP.   Twenty-five years working in private industry taught me that no one  knows the needs of workers more than America's employers. It is time  that we allow these job creators to participate in a system that is  reflective of their needs and the needs of the workforce. Doing so will  open greater pathways to work for current workers and job seekers and  ultimately get more Americans back to work.   In addition to these concerns, I must convey my strong opposition to  the amendment offered by Representative Levin. The amendment  essentially restricts nonunion entities from being able to apply for  funding under title II, allowing taxpayer dollars to go to  apprenticeship programs that partner only with unions.   At best, it is signaling that Congress would rather double down on a  union-registered model for large employers rather than expanding to new  participants for America's small business. This is an attempt to  elevate the wants of unions over the needs of the American worker.   Voting for H.R. 8294 in its current form supports outdated policies  and bureaucratic red tape that too often prevents innovation and needed  change.   Most importantly, this bill would actively prevent IRAPs from moving  forward, decimating thousands of opportunities for workers to  participate in a dynamic and innovative apprenticeship system. This is  why we should not support this bill in its current form.   