 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the Great American  Outdoors Act that we may be debating this week. I am hoping that we can  find a responsible way to pay for the maintenance backlog of our  national parks.   Our national parks are an important source of pride for our country.  They are known internationally. We had the first national park in the  world with Yellowstone Park. Unfortunately, our parks are in the midst  of a rising crisis  [[Page S2750]]  that has been building over many years. They are in desperate need of  repair and maintenance and fixing them will require billions of  dollars.   This week, the Senate is working on legislation to address this  backlog, and I believe it is vital that we address this issue both  responsibly and permanently. This will help generations to fix problems  in our parks without having to put the cost on the Nation's credit  card. We can pay now or we can make our kids pay through reduced  Federal help and services that we are used to, or we can figure out a  way to have a small fee now. It should be a pretty easy choice.   Unfortunately, the Great American Outdoors Act, as written,  represents only a one-time fix and is neither responsible nor  permanent. Instead, the bill adds over $17 billion to our national  debt. Moreover, the measure includes a permanent reauthorization of the  Land and Water Conservation Fund Program, which will add even more  future maintenance to our already backlogged systems without being paid  for.   After all of the spending we have just undertaken, we must be more  vigilant in finding proper ways to ensure our government spending is  paid for, and fixing this bill can be an important place to start.  Without some changes, this legislation will force our country to borrow  more money, burying us deeper in debt, and only provide funding for 5  years.   I am also concerned that the bill tries to spend the same money  twice, which is using a budget gimmick. We should always strive to be  fiscally responsible, and that is even more important now after  Congress has spent more than $2 trillion to respond to the coronavirus  pandemic. To address the current park's backlog, it would cost nearly  $12 billion, according to the National Park Service. In comparison,  last year, the entire national budget for the national parks was $4.1  billion. Let me repeat that. The cost would be $12 billion to take care  of the backlog. Their whole budget last year was just $4.1 billion.   Congress is already struggling to find funding for other worthwhile  Federal needs. That is why, for the past several years, I have worked  on a fix. I filed an amendment to this bill that addresses the  maintenance issues responsibly and permanently without adding to our  debt. Let me repeat that. My amendment is completely offset and  provides a permanent solution. It has been ignored, so far, through  this process.   The way my amendment works is by asking our foreign visitors, who  numbers show are increasingly enjoying our parks, to pay $16 or $25  more when they enter the country as part of their visa fee--a part of  it--not a big increase compared to that.   According to a study by the U.S. Travel Association, nearly 40  percent of the people who come to the United States from abroad are  visiting one or more of our national parks. That is over 14 million  people who come from abroad and visit our national parks.   It is great that people from all over the world recognize the value  of these national treasures, but this increased visitation is adding to  the maintenance backlog, and it is only fair that we ask them to help  maintain these national treasures.   There is nothing novel about this concept. Anyone who has visited an  attraction outside of the United States has probably encountered such  fees in one way or another. For example, foreign visitors to the Taj  Mahal in India will pay an $18 fee, compared to a fee of only 56 cents  for local visitors. At Kruger National Park in South Africa, visitors  from outside the country will pay $25 per day compared to $6.25 for  local visitors.   Many European countries--like Spain, France, and Italy--charge a  tourist tax on hotel rooms that is used to pay for tourism  infrastructure.   We also ask park visitors to assist with addressing the backlog. No  one likes to pay more for things, especially during times like these,  but to maintain these national treasures for future generations, we  either borrow money and put it on the national credit card or we take  some modest steps to address the issue responsibly--kind of a pay-as- you-go.   My amendment only raises entrance fees by $5 and annual passes by  $20, so bringing a vehicle into the park would still be cheaper than  taking a family of four to a movie or visiting an amusement park for a  day. In fact, it is a real bargain from that.   We, as a nation, have seen the joy our national parks bring to those  who venture and visit them. In Wyoming and all across the country,  America's national parks are something to be proud of and protect. We  owe it to the parks and to the citizens and foreign visitors who  partake of their wonders to keep them in good working order. We should  not allow the maintenance and repairs to fester, which erodes visitor  experiences and costs billions to fix.   Are people going to the parks? Yes, they are. Yellowstone National  Park has opened up now and I think is at about 75 percent of capacity  already. I read in the papers about this family from Georgia who was  planning on taking their family to Florida to Disney World, but Disney  World is closed, so they drove across the country to Wyoming and went  to Yellowstone National Park. One of the adventures they got was to get  to see a real wolf up close and personal. They got some good pictures  of it too.   People will travel a long way to see these parks. They don't expect  them to be an international bargain, and neither do foreign visitors  who are used to seeing us, when we go to their country, pay a higher  fee for national parks.   We need to fix our national parks. The question is, Will we pay as it  is used or will we force our kids and grandkids to pay for something  they maybe never got to enjoy? We can put a small addition on foreign  visa fees or we can pass it on to our kids.   Let's do one amendment that will pay for parks in perpetuity, not  just gimmick spending for 5 years. Fixing this bill will help ensure we  no longer have to put our parks' current obligations on the backs of  future generations.   I know the item at stake here will not end our fiscal crisis, but if  we can't do something modest to start to address our spending  addiction, then we are in greater trouble than I ever thought.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   