 Madam Speaker, I give special thanks to the chairman and  ranking member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee because we are here  for the right reasons, and that is to serve veterans and enable them to  be productive in their lives after their service to our country.   My bill, H.R. 561, the Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans  Act, gives the VA the tools it needs to fix a persistent problem in  contracting that is labeled improper passthroughs. These abuses occur  when a small business obtains a contract under set-aside award  conditions, but gives all, or substantially all, of the work to a large  company while collecting profit for doing absolutely nothing. This  practice has long been prohibited by law and wastes taxpayer dollars,  but, unfortunately, in reality, agencies up until this point have had  little ability to stop it.   As a veteran and a small business owner myself, I know how much work  and dedication goes into building a successful company. The VA provides  unparalleled opportunities for veteran-owned small businesses, but  these opportunities are, unfortunately, wasted when unethical companies  exploit loopholes to rip off the American taxpayer.   I am very proud of VA's Vets First Program which directed contracts  worth $6.3 billion to veteran-owned small businesses last year alone.  However, bad actors have been taking away contracts from law-abiding  veteran business owners in the Vets First Program for way too long.   My bill, the Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act,  requires all bidders on these contracts to certify that they will  perform the percentage of work that the law already requires. The bill  also directs the VA to work with the Office of the Inspector General in  a more effective way to find, stop, and, where appropriate, punish  these improper passthroughs.   H.R. 561 addresses the gaps in implementation of existing law without  adding new bureaucracy at the VA. I repeat: no additional new  bureaucracy at the VA.   Madam Speaker, I strongly urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 561.  [[Page H1182]]        