 Mr. Speaker, I do, in fact, rise in support of H.R. 4351,  the Yes In My Backyard, or YIMBY, Act. I thank the gentleman from Guam  (Mr. San Nicolas) as well as the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill) for  bringing this to the floor.   Our Nation is, in fact, suffering from a severe national housing  crisis, a word that is overused too much but, in fact, applies to the  situation.   We are indeed missing millions of homes to meet qualified and  eligible demand in this country. The reference earlier was to 7.3  million. Estimates range from 7 to 10 million homes.   In my home State alone, to put that in perspective, Washington State,  we are underproduced by 200,000 homes.   The implications of not having enough homes, of a supply problem, are  grave, because housing, it turns out, is an ecosystem. What we see now  is this entire ecosystem is under stress, and as a consequence, the  cost of shelter is going up for everyone.   From homeowners to renters, market-rate to affordable homes, and  urban to suburban and rural areas, this housing crisis has hit  everyone.   One place where it is particularly acute is the production of starter  homes. Stop and think about what that does to the ecosystem. If we are  not building starter homes because of some of the fees, as an example,  or regulations that my friend from Arkansas alluded to, that means that  people who are renting can't quite get that first rung on the ladder of  homeownership. It also means that the boomers who are seeking to  downsize can't find homes that they can purchase.    What is the implication of that? If there are no starter homes, more  people stay renting. If more people stay renting, occupancies go up. If  occupancies go up, rents go up.   It is pure supply and demand. More people become rent-burdened, and,  yes, in fact, this is a contributory cause of increased homelessness  even in America.   How severe is this? Little known fact, but a fact nonetheless: In the  last 15 years, the single largest increase in household budgets,  counterintuitively, is not healthcare, not postsecondary education, but  it is housing.   I have been saying for years that we need to encourage the  construction of more homes that Americans can afford. We need to build  more homes of all types and sizes for all of our neighbors.   Now, affordable housing advocates, economists, builders, lenders, and  countless others have come together to try to begin to solve this  problem, now a crisis, and there are a few common themes beginning to  emerge from their research.   One of these common themes is that certain zoning and land use  policies are negatively impacting construction and affordable housing  supply. Local governments regulate zoning and land use policy, and we  shouldn't be doing that here. That is not what this bill is about.   The fact of the matter is, communities experience different barriers  to housing. One size doesn't fit all, so we shouldn't be getting into  that business. But the impact of zoning and land use policies on  housing are significant. As certain regulations have increased, they  have resulted in fewer homes and unaffordable housing cost increases  for everyone, the hardest hit being low-income people.   Here is another fact. There is not a single county in the United  States of America where somebody working full time at a minimum wage  job can afford, according to Federal standards, a two-bedroom unit--not  a single county in all of America.   That is why I argue that we must have a better understanding of the  impacts of these policies. Sunlight is, after all, the best  disinfectant.   Under the YIMBY Act, local governments receiving Federal housing  funds through the Community Development Block Grant program, or CDBG,  would report on whether they have enacted policies to reduce  regulations that affect affordable housing supply.   Let's be clear. There is nothing in this bill that will deny  municipalities CDBG--nothing. Rather, the bill seeks simple  transparency for these decisions. It encourages localities to eliminate  housing barriers.   I introduced the YIMBY Act with my friend, Congressman Hollingsworth  from Indiana, and it did, in fact, pass out of the committee unopposed.  But it is not only bipartisan. It enjoys an incredible spectrum of  support among external stakeholders.   I am not going to bore you with all 18 organizations, but everybody  from the American Planning Association, to Habitat for Humanity, to the  Mortgage Bankers Association all back this bill because it is time to  take this step.   Solving the housing crisis is going to require the work and  collaboration of all levels of government. Everybody has a hand on the  oar here, local, State, and Federal governments. This is no longer  something that elected officials at any level can ignore, and that  includes us.   We have a national housing crisis, one that is brought on in part by  zoning and land use policies. This YIMBY Act is a crucial first step to  addressing these policies in order to bring down housing costs.   Mr. Speaker, I submit it to the body for its favorable consideration,  and I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill), the gentleman from  Guam (Mr. San Nicolas), and the chair of the committee as well for  their work bringing this to the floor today.   