 Madam President, a number of our Democratic colleagues  have come to the floor and spoken here and elsewhere about the  importance of providing assistance to State and local governments and  that if that doesn't happen, there are going to be police officers and  first responders and people who have essential jobs that we rely on  every single day and for whom we are so grateful who wouldn't be able  to get paid.   I would just point out that already, as part of the coronavirus  relief measures that Congress has passed, there was $150 billion sent  to State and local governments, much of which has yet to be spent and,  frankly, much of which we don't know what the actual need is out there  until we have a better sense of what the revenue loss is to a lot of  our State and local governments.   Clearly, they are sounding the alarm, and they are justifiably  worried about what happens if the downturn in the economy continues and  what that might mean to their revenues. They are looking to Washington,  DC, for assistance.   I think that, as I said earlier, in the CARES package, there was $150  billion that went out to State and local governments. There have been  concerns about how those funds can be used. It was stipulated that they  had to be used for COVID-related expenses, and many State and local  leaders were concerned that that did not give them the flexibility that  they needed to meet other types of needs.   Well, the Treasury Department has in the past few days come out with  an interpretation that would allow those dollars--the $150 billion  already appropriated--to be used to pay firefighters, to pay police, to  pay first responders, to help with unemployment insurance accounts at  the State level, to help with healthcare costs--the people who lose  healthcare at the State level--and  [[Page S2304]]  a range of other things. It dramatically broadened the eligibility of  uses for the dollars that have already been allocated to State and  local governments.   So I think it is important for us to make sure--as we look at any  additional assistance that we might provide, to determine how well the  dollars that are already out there have been used and to, in fact, see  what the actual needs are before we add to that.   We had a number of pronouncements around here. The Speaker of the  House, Speaker Pelosi, has come out and said: We need $1 trillion in  additional assistance for State and local governments. It is hard for  me to see how you can make a statement like that not knowing what the  original $150 billion has been used for or whether it has been used at  all in some cases.   The fact that we have $150 billion in the pipeline, the eligibility  and uses of which have been dramatically broadened by the Treasury  Department to enable States to use it for the very things that many of  the Democrats are coming down here saying: You know, if we don't help  State and local governments, we won't pay essential workers--that just  flat out isn't true. Those dollars can be used for that purpose.   It makes sense for us, as policymakers and custodians and stewards of  the people's tax dollars, to ensure that the tax dollars we have  already put out there are having the desired effect and to figure out  what is working and what is not working and to figure out, frankly,  what the actual need is before we send more money out--and, by the way,  more money that is all borrowed. Every dollar of the $2.8 trillion that  we have already distributed--and all for good reasons. Everybody here  was supportive and agreed we needed to do it. We needed a dramatic,  bold response to an extraordinary circumstance, so that was done. But  every one of those dollars was borrowed. Any dollar we put out going  forward will be borrowed, which means that at some point somebody has  to pay for it, and it is going to be our children and our  grandchildren.   There is an argument being made that, well, interest rates are low;  this is a good time to borrow. Well, you want to borrow when interest  rates are low if you have to borrow, but if we continue to borrow,  there is a point at which interest rates, just by virtue of the laws of  supply and demand, will start to go up, and when they do, you will see  a dramatic increase in the amount of dollars we have to use here just  to pay the interest on the debt, which, if interest rates ever  normalize, will be north of about $1 trillion a year and represent  literally about 28 percent of all Federal spending.   So, point 1, every dollar we spend is a borrowed dollar. Point 2, I  think it is important for us to see what the needs are to be able to  put money out there. Point 3, there is already $150 billion in the  pipeline to State and local governments to help with many of the things  the Democrats have been complaining about. And Point 4, it seems to me,  at least, that we ought to have a discussion about whether what we have  done already is working before we decide to add to it and see if we are  getting a good return on the tax dollars that have already been put out  there.   I don't think there is any resistance here to giving States more  flexibility with those dollars. I don't think there is any resistance  to doing anything and everything we have to to make sure we get through  this crisis. I think our Members certainly agree with that and are  prepared to make the necessary votes and to do what is necessary to get  us through it.   Remember also that there is no amount of money in Washington, DC,  that can substitute for a dynamic, vibrant, active economy where jobs  are being created and investments are being made. That is how you  ultimately start to get things back on track in this country.   So, as we get ahead of the health emergency--and, of course,  obviously this week we celebrate nurses week. I am so grateful for the  many contributions they are making not only during the pandemic but  year-round and the people who are on the frontlines of this emergency.  To ensure that we are doing everything we can to support them, to beat  this health emergency--when we do, as the economy starts to open up,  that is when we will see the jobs come back, that is when we will see  the growth come back, and that is when we will see the standard of  living and the quality of life in this country that people have lost in  the last few months start to return. That is the best way to get things  back on track here.   I want to just make some comments this morning about another area of  our economy and note that it has been an incredibly tough couple of  months for American businesses and American workers.   Virtually every sector of our economy is suffering as a result of the  coronavirus, and the ag industry is no exception. Farmers and ranchers  have taken a huge hit. The coronavirus has caused significant market  volatility, sending many commodity futures prices plummeting.  Meanwhile, reduced capacity at U.S. meatpacking plants as a result of  the virus has diminished the demand for livestock, depressing prices.  This has aggravated an already difficult situation for farmers and  ranchers.   Unlike the majority of the economy, which was thriving before the  pandemic, the agricultural economy has been struggling now for a while.  Low prices, extended trade disputes, and natural disasters have made a  tough few years for farmers and ranchers even before the coronavirus  hit. Now they are suffering even more.   Agriculture is the lifeblood of my State of South Dakota. So when  Congress was considering coronavirus relief legislation, support for  farmers and ranchers was one of my top priorities. I fought to get  agricultural relief money included in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and  Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, which was signed into law in  late March. The final bill included $14 billion to replenish the  Commodity Credit Corporation to allow the Department of Agriculture to  provide income and price support for farmers and ranchers, plus an  additional $9.5 billion in emergency support for agricultural producers  affected by the pandemic.   Days after the bill passed, I led a bipartisan group of Senators and  representatives in a letter to Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue,  urging him to use a portion of the funds to provide support for hard- hit cattle producers. I am pleased that in mid-April the U.S.  Department of Agriculture announced that it would issue $16 billion  worth of payments to ag producers affected by the virus. Those payments  are expected to reach farmers and ranchers in late May or early June. I  have been monitoring the progress of this relief, and I will continue  urging the USDA to issue these payments as soon as possible.   Agriculture producers can also take advantage of the Paycheck  Protection Program included in the CARES Act. This program provides  forgivable loans to small businesses, including self-employed  producers, to help them cover payroll costs during this difficult time.  Seventy-five percent of the loans must be used for workers' salaries  and benefits, including the salaries of self-employed workers, while  the remaining amount can be used for other qualifying expenses, like  mortgage interest, rent, and utilities. The loan can be forgiven  completely, as long as borrowers follow the requirement that at least  75 percent of the loan be used to cover workers' salaries and benefits  and the remainder be spent on other qualifying expenses.   As of this week, farmers and ranchers can now take advantage of the  Small Business Administration's Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program,  thanks to legislation Congress passed 2 weeks ago.   I am continuing to monitor the cattle market. Livestock producers  have taken a dramatic hit on the prices they are getting for their  cattle. At the same time, however, the price of packaged meat has  risen, and meat packers are seeing record profit margins. This raises  real concerns about potential instances of price manipulation and other  unfair practices within the beef industry, especially considering that  four meat packing companies control more than 80 percent of the beef  supplied in the United States.   In March, I called Secretary Perdue to urge the Department of  Agriculture to take action to ensure the integrity of the cattle market  during the coronavirus pandemic. I followed up with a letter requesting  that the Agriculture Department's packers and  [[Page S2305]]  stockyard division look into the volatility in the cattle market, and  Secretary Perdue has agreed to investigate.   I also sent a letter to Attorney General William Barr requesting an  investigation into potential price manipulation or other anti- competitive activities in the beef market.   Our pork industry is also struggling due to the coronavirus pandemic.  The temporary closure of the Smithfield plant in Sioux Falls created  significant challenges for the 550 independent pork producers from  South Dakota and surrounding States and for our Nation's food supply  system.   In the wake of the Smithfield plant closure announcement, I wrote a  letter to Secretary Perdue requesting financial assistance for pork  producers, and I have been closely monitoring the situation.   I am pleased that the Smithfield plant is in compliance with Centers  for Disease Control and Prevention and Occupational Safety and Health  Administration guidance and will gradually resume operation starting  today.   No discussion of the challenges facing farmers right now would be  complete without discussing biofuels. Ethanol and biodiesel producers  buy up a significant amount of American corn and soy, which adds value  to each bushel. As demand for fuel has decreased as a result of the  coronavirus pandemic, ethanol and biodiesel operations have come  offline and are no longer buying up their normal amounts of corn and  soybean oil. This has significantly diminished a crucial market for our  farmers.   There has rightfully been a lot of focus on the oil and gas companies  that are facing record loss and demand because of the coronavirus and  because of an equally difficult oversupply problem driven by the Saudi- Russian price war. Hard-working Americans at these companies who have  helped usher in our modern energy renaissance are now in limbo, and  Congress needs to make sure we preserve our energy dominance and  security. But it is important to recognize that the ethanol industry,  which provides over 10 percent of the Nation's gasoline content--the  cleanest 10 percent, I might add--is a part of that.   Biofuels, too, have been a key part of America's energy renaissance  and have also been hit hard by the sudden drop in demand, which has  been a devastating blow for workers in the industry and for the farmers  who supply them. Half--half--of the Nation's capacity has been idle.  More than 70 plants have closed, and just as many have idled, directly  harming their local economies and, again, drying up that essential  market for our farmers.   This has brought a new problem. Many Americans may not know it, but a  substantial quantity of food-grade carbon dioxide, the CO2  used in carbonated beverages or to quickly chill meat products, is an  ethanol by-product. This means that not only is ethanol part of our  energy security and a foundation of our ag economy, but it also plays  an important role in our food supply.   The coronavirus is already straining our meat processing industry. We  should not allow a CO2 shortage to deepen the problem.   As Congress addresses the numerous challenges facing farmers and  energy producers, we must make sure that ethanol relief is a part of  that discussion. Whether it is through direct support or by advancing  long-stalled corn fiber applications at the Environmental Protection  Agency, we need to make sure that this American energy success story  survives these challenging times.   As we move forward, I will continue talking to farmers and ranchers  about their needs and what we can do to help them get through these  difficult times. Supporting our Nation's farmers and ranchers will  always be--always be--one of my top priorities here in Congress.   The coronavirus crisis has reminded us all just how much we depend on  our agricultural producers, and I am grateful every day for the work  they do to feed our Nation.   I will continue to do everything I can to strengthen our agricultural  economy and to help our Nation's farmers and ranchers thrive   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   