 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment,  numbered 40 to Division B of H.R. 7608, to provide $750,000 for the  National Institute of Food and Agriculture's Agricultural and Food  Research Initiative to research innovative practices to increase carbon  storage in agricultural land. My amendment identifies Enhanced Rock  Weathering as a priority research area, with a focus especially on how  this practice enhances carbon sequestration or may affect air quality  and soil health. Additionally, my amendment requires that research also  identify any impacts this practice would have on workers and consumers.   As discussed by a new major research study from the University of  Sheffield, published in Nature, adding rock dust to farmland could  remove up to two billion tons of carbon dioxide from the air each year  and help significantly reduce our global CO2 footprint. The technique  of adding crushed volcanic rock dust to farmland--known as ``enhanced  rock weathering''--has shown great potential to increase the soil's  extraction of carbon dioxide from the environment.   However, there are significant gaps in this research, including the  side effects of this method on public health for both farmworkers and  neighboring communities, and USDA is not currently engaged in studying  this particular practice. Clearly more research is needed on this  technology, and USDA is well-positioned to fund this work.   I urge the adoption of this commonsense amendment to this en-bloc  package.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment numbered  71 to Division C of H.R. 7608 to increase base funding to $300,000  within the National Park Service budget for Fiscal Year (FY) 2021 for  the New England National Scenic Trail (NET).   The NET was designated by the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of  2009 making it the newest of the nation's 11 national scenic trails.  The NET is a 220-mile hiking trail winding through 40 communities in  Connecticut and Massachusetts. Nearly 2 million people live within 10  miles of the trail, and since the designation, excitement about the  trail and activities to improve the trail have continued to increase.  The NET is managed through a partnership between the National Park  Service and two of New England's most established nonprofit trail and  conservation organizations--the Appalachian Mountain Club (AMC),  established in 1876, and the Connecticut Forest & Park Association  (CFPA), established in 1895.   Since designation, the NET has been flat-funded at an average level  of $127,000 in Operation of the National Park System funding, despite a  conservative recommendation in its original 2005 NPS Trail Feasibility  Study of an annual operating budget of $271,000. An increase in base  funding is needed to implement the federal portion of the Trail  Management Blueprint for the NET and to support the work of two trail  partner organizations, the AMC and the CFPA.   Based on more than a decade of experience with NET trail operations  and needs, a total annual appropriation of $300,000 in FY 2021 is  recommended to fully fund this trail and to support the work of  volunteers, regional partners, and youth trail crews as they execute  improvements to trail infrastructure, trail protection and planning,  and trail information and promotion.   I urge adoption of this en-bloc package, and I want to thank Mr.  Himes, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Larson, Ms. Hayes, Mr. Neal, and Mr. McGovern  for their kind support for this measure.   