 Madam President, it seems clear this body is prepared to  pass the Great American Outdoors Act. It will be doing so without the  bipartisan language to strengthen coastal resiliency around the  country, sending a final message to the American people that the Senate  cares more about parks than it does about people.   Let me just say a couple things first. My colleague has just said  that this is paid for. I almost burst out laughing. It is paid for by  taking dollars currently obligated to go to the U.S. Treasury and  shuffling them over. That is paid for like I am going to take money  that is going for groceries and instead I am going to pay for the movie  theater. We are going to take money that is spent on essentials and  spend it on something that is wonderful, but no one would say it is  essential.   And I say that one only needs to follow the money--to follow the  money--to see that the Senate cares more about parks than it does about  people.   The Great American Outdoors Act will spend billions on deferred  maintenance--broken toilets, leaky roofs, et cetera--in national parks,  but, in fact, 60 percent of this money is going to seven States.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund spending shows the disparity  clearly, spending $17.66 per capita on inland States, while just $7.53  on coastal States, and is spoken of as an economic development tool,  raising $40-something billion for the communities in which the  investment is made, which tells you why the Senators from these seven  States are the cosponsors of the bill. Who wouldn't want $40 billion in  economic activity at the expense of everybody else?   But who is it at the expense of? Forty-two percent of Americans live  in parishes or counties in coastal United States; 85 percent of  Americans live in those coastal States; and zero percent  [[Page S2968]]  of this money is going to address coastal resiliency--areas  increasingly threatened by rising sea levels and flooding, lives being  lost, communities being upended by catastrophic flood events such as  hurricanes can cause. I have seen it in my State of Louisiana. We have  seen it on the news. We should be painfully aware at this point of the  devastation hurricanes and other flooding disasters can cause in our  society.   So the Great American Outdoors Act spends billions on where people  vacation but absolutely nothing on where people live.   I have been vocal in my opposition to the bill in its current form,  and the reasons for that opposition have been misconstrued, so let me  please now clarify.   I heard one Senator say that I only wanted money for Gulf States.  Yes, I do want money for Gulf States. Louisiana has been the hardest  hit by coastal erosion.   By the way, 90 percent of the funding for the Great American Outdoors  Act comes from energy production off the gulf coast. But I want funding  for all coastal States.   Louisiana's wetlands are eroding into the gulf at the rate of one  football field per hour, but we are not alone. Go to barrier islands on  the eastern coast. Go to Alaska and see the communities that are  dissolving into the ocean. Miami property values are falling as the  Atlantic Ocean rises, threatening with greater flooding, causing rising  insurance rates, and causing lower property values. That is Miami  Beach. Sea Island, GA; Cape Fear, NC; Rhode Island; Maine; you name  it--each has water coming higher than it ever has.    Wouldn't it have been great if, as these bills passed out of the  committee together, a coastal resiliency piece of legislation had been  added to the Great American Outdoors Act? But now the 42 percent of  Americans who live on the beach, live in a coastal parish or county,  and the 85 percent who live in a coastal State are waiting for some  help to come later.   Now, that said, some have said I am against giving any money to the  national parks. Nothing could be further from the truth. I have stated  before from this very desk in speeches on this issue that I believe  that national parks are a vital part of the American experience. Just  as one of my colleagues said, they provide opportunities for Americans  to experience a natural environment and learn about our Nation's  history.   I would vote happily for the Great American Outdoors Act, giving it  billions, if only we would spend at least a little bit--maybe a dime-- on coastal resiliency for where people live. I am not against parks; I  am just against parks over people.   As people misstated my opposition, they correctly stated the reason  they do not wish to include my language to provide protection--coastal  resiliency--for the parishes and counties where people live. This is  the one true thing: Folks are afraid that if the coastal resiliency  legislation is included, the bill would not pass. For some, it would be  perceived as encouraging offshore drilling, that it would raise issues  of climate change, and, again, that it would not pass.   Well, there are several responses. First, if you don't try, you fail.  Henry Ford said: Whether you say that you can or you say you cannot,  you are correct. Such is the case with this bill.   If people say that we cannot include legislation for coastal  resiliency to protect parishes and counties where 42 percent of  Americans live, we can't do so because it would not be included in the  first place.   Secondly, it was said that the Great American Outdoors Act is based  on revenue from offshore drilling, and therefore folks would not vote  for it--again, one of those things you have to almost laugh at because  if people really think that, it is either the epitome of hypocrisy, or  it just shows gross ignorance. The Great American Outdoors Act is  funded with revenue from offshore oil and gas production. So for  someone to say that, no, folks won't vote for a coastal resiliency bill  because it relies upon offshore oil and gas revenue, but they are to  support the Great American Outdoors Act, which relies on offshore oil  and gas revenue to pay for it--again, you just have to laugh. It is  either hypocrisy, or it is gross ignorance. I actually think it is just  not true; that the real reason the coastal resiliency bill is not  included is that folks are afraid that if it is included, it would not  pass.   One of my colleagues who agrees with me on this issue said that it is  kind of like being in a lifeboat and you say: We are in; pull up the  ladder. Once we got this legislation in a form that would pass, the  folks who wanted it to pass, whose States disproportionately benefit  from this, that they will recognize and realize the economic  development, they said: Let's pull up the ladder. We don't care about  coastal resiliency enough that we are going to actually include  legislation that would support it financially. So they had their money.  They achieved their objective. The heck with those at risk from rising  sea levels. The heck with those 85 percent of people who live in  coastal States, the 42 percent who live in a coastal parish or county.  We will get our bathrooms fixed, the potholes done. Come visit us. You  will absolutely need to because, in the meantime, you will be flooding.   So the idea of getting your funding and your bill in place--you are  on the life raft, and then pulling up the ladder brought to mind this  image.   Here you see folks being pulled up a ladder. Hurricane Katrina. The  wetlands south of New Orleans had eroded into the ocean. When Katrina  hit, it was almost a straight shot to those levees, and such a straight  shot, eventually they collapsed. Because they collapsed, we had  flooding in New Orleans.   There you see a truck almost completely submerged.   There you see somebody who broke through their roof so that they  could get on top of their roof so they could be rescued. They are being  pulled up because the people who wrote this bill said, No, if we  include the coastal resiliency, our bill will not pass; therefore, we  aren't going to try. Because they said, By golly, we are in the life  raft and being pulled up a ladder, there will be many more Americans  who will be pulled up a ladder, but they will be pulled up a ladder by  the Coast Guard, which will rescue them from a rooftop because of  rising sea levels--and, therefore, flooding and hurricanes--in their  hometowns. I would like to say that this would be a rare event. We have  seen it increasingly, though. Again, since more and more Americans live  in coastal parishes and counties, this will become a bigger and bigger  issue. So this photo seems appropriate.    Folks didn't want to try. They feared that caring for Americans and  helping to prevent an incident such as this would imperil the fixing of  potholes in national parks located disproportionately in seven States.  Again, because of that, we will have more scenes like this--more  deaths, more devastation, more lives in turmoil, and billions upon  billions that will be spent on disaster relief because this body will  have refused to have invested in coastal resiliency. If there were ever  a case of a stitch in time could save nine, it would be this.   Again, folks, ask: Well, what could you do with coastal resiliency?   I will just speak of Terrebonne Parish in South Louisiana, which  borders the Gulf of Mexico. They recently put in a flood wall. There  was a high water event, and of the 10,000 homes that would have been  flooded--maybe with $1 billion or $2 billion in disaster relief--no  flooding occurred because of an investment in coastal resiliency.   Now, we can do it if we try, but if we say we are not going to, then  we are in the life raft that is being pulled up the ladder, and we have  our money, and potholes will be fixed in our home States. In the  meantime, if you are in a parish or a State or a county, we will be  there afterward to give you money through FEMA, but we will not be  there beforehand to keep you from flooding in the first place. This is  what happens when you put parks over people. Perhaps this Senate should  reverse this and put people over parks.   At the outset, I said that the Great American Outdoors Act is going  to pass. I see it. They have done their work, and it is going to pass.  I will just go home tonight, frustrated, thinking of this picture and  how many more we have. Yet, if the sponsors of this bill who have been  all about ``we will be with you next time'' are truly, truly wanting to  prevent another incident like this, then maybe they will join my  [[Page S2969]]  bipartisan coalition that advocates for either a coastal amendment or  some legislation in the future. They will show that they are as willing  to fight as hard to save the lives of those who live on our coastline  as they are to secure the funding to fix broken toilets and potholes  and leaky roofs.   I yield the floor.   