 Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition  to the motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from  Virginia. I greatly appreciate his service on the committee and his  expertise in all matters of data integrity, and normally I defer to you  on everything, but this one is kind of silly.   Look, we all know you can't open a bank account, you can't buy a car,  you can't get a mortgage, you can't get a credit card without giving  somebody your Social Security number. We also know, and you know well,  that when the hackers want to try to get that data, they don't limit  themselves to public websites, they go in to find where the servers  are.   The Equifax breach wasn't because it was sitting in a public-facing  consumer website, it was because they knew where the data was. All that  data is still out there. We are not protecting anything by saying,  let's not link this to a Social Security number.   We have a legit data issue. How are you going to uniquely identify  every American? The way we do that now is through our Social Security  number, we have to protect that.   We have to make sure that every company that maintains personal  records of Americans bends over backwards to protect that data. For the  most part they do, sometimes they don't. But you have absolutely no  greater protection by saying that in this one specific instance on this  one specific public-facing website you can't use a Social Security  number.   Now, we know this. We all know this. That is why when we debated the  bill in committee, we included the provision to put a yearlong study  for the GAO to figure this out, to determine if maybe there is maybe  some better unique identifier they could develop for this bill.   And, quite frankly, maybe we should apply that to a whole host of  other issues. Maybe the Social Security number should not be the unique  identifier. That is a long conversation. I trust the GAO, for a year,  to figure that out.  [[Page H2664]]    And I have complete trust that in the next 5 minutes we are not going  to come up with a wiser, more complete solution than the GAO will come  up with over the next year, which it will take to roll this bill out.  So all that would happen if we accept this MTR is to make a hasty  decision.   It is not particularly well thought out, it doesn't solve an actual  problem. For what? To stop people from actually making sure that they  can protect themselves from faulty credit. Because this problem is  going on right now. We have an economy that is in meltdown, and if  people have bad credit because of some error and they can't buy a car  and they can't open a bank account, they can't take out a mortgage,  that slows down our economy.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues, oppose this MTR and vote  ``yes'' on the final package.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   