 Mr. Speaker, I rise today as Congress adapts for this  pandemic so that we can represent our constituents and shape  legislation during this crisis and do so safely in line with CDC  guidelines.   This resolution includes remote committee participation and proxy  voting, which are essential reforms during this pandemic and key to  giving the American public the accountability and transparency they  deserve. I am hoping remote floor debate and voting are next, and this  paves the way. The Supreme Court is doing it, and so can we.   State legislators, including Oklahoma, and in my State of New Jersey,  and legislators around the world are doing it. We are behind here, and  it is time we step up. There is nothing extreme about working this way  and adapting during an emergency, just like all Americans have.   I am very grateful to Chairman McGovern, my good friend, a true  statesman and institutionalist, and Representative Lofgren, who has  done an incredible job, for working with us in the Problem Solvers  Caucus, with Democrats and Republicans, as we have continued making  strides towards a truly remote system.   This debate and work are key for my district in north Jersey, which  is at the epicenter of this crisis. Today's bill also includes full  reinstatement of the SALT deduction, giving New Jersey a long-needed  tax cut, something I have been fighting for for years. It also helps  small businesses make ends meet, for workers who aren't sure they will  get another paycheck, and for every other single county and community  so they can support teachers, cops, EMS, and firefighters.   But it starts with making sure our system is built so we can do it,  and today's proposal does just that. We should all support this  legislation to defend this institution, to protect it, and to ensure  that accountability and transparency in this institution lives on  forever in the greatest country in the world.   I know we will get through this together if we put country ahead of  party.   