 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot)  for those kind comments. I appreciate that very much.   I rise today in support of a bill I am proud to sponsor, H.R. 7903,  legislation to improve and authorize the SBA's Community Advantage Loan  Program.  [[Page H6072]]    Small businesses are the driver of our communities, and now, more  than ever, it is imperative for Congress to support them.   In my home State of Florida, there are over 2.5 million small  businesses employing over 3.5 million Floridians.   As a former small business owner myself and as someone who will be a  small business owner again very, very soon, I understand the sacrifice  many small business owners make to keep their doors open and to meet  their payrolls. I know the challenges that they face and the grit that  it takes for them to persevere and the impact that they have on our  communities.   Among these challenges for many small businesses is acquiring the  capital that is necessary to finance their operations.   Many of the tools available at the SBA strive to increase access to  capital for small businesses that are unable to receive it through  conventional and traditional lending markets. One of these tools to  support small businesses is the SBA's Community Advantage Loan Program,  which was launched as a pilot program to assist small businesses in  historically underserved and rural areas. It targets assistance to  veteran-owned businesses, women-owned businesses, startups, and  underserved minority communities, all key job creators. The combination  of financial and technical assistance has made the program a proven  game changer for many small businesses.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Judy Chu)  for her bipartisan leadership in providing strategic improvements to  this program and to move it from a pilot program to an authorized  program for the next 5 years.   The improvements included in H.R. 7903 will ensure the program serves  businesses truly in need of SBA services. Specifically, H.R. 7903  defines the program with congressional intent. It outlines how  Community Advantage lenders must operate within the program and details  loan terms and other requirements.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank the chairwoman and the ranking member for  advancing this important legislation that will strengthen and improve  the Community Advantage Loan Program.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.   