 Madam President, as we continue to work on supporting our  country's recovery from the COVID-19 crisis, one critical piece of the  CARES 2 legislation is liability reform.   Across the country we are seeing lawsuits rolling in, targeting the  very healthcare workers who are on the frontlines performing essential  work for patients suffering from the COVID-19 virus. We are seeing  lawsuits focusing on nursing homes, universities, nonprofit  businesses--you name it. Without action from Congress, the litigation  epidemic will potentially sink the very businesses and enterprises that  we hoped we could sustain through this crisis.   Today, Leader McConnell and I introduced the Safe to Work Act, which  will ensure that those operating in good faith and following all the  relevant guidelines cannot be sued out of existence.   To be clear, this is not a blanket liability shield. It will not  prevent bad actors from facing the consequences of their actions when  they are intentional or reckless. It will not ban coronavirus lawsuits,  and it will not give anyone a ``get out of jail free'' card.   What it will do, though, is put safeguards in place that will prevent  opportunistic lawsuits from harming the workers and institutions we are  depending on to see us through this crisis.   First and foremost are protections for our incredible healthcare  heroes who made the tremendous physical and mental sacrifices over the  last few months. This legislation sets a willful misconduct or gross  negligence standard for coronavirus-related medical liability suits to  ensure that only meritorious cases are brought against our healthcare  workers.   I would add that the costs of litigation itself can be enough to put  somebody out of business, even though you, in the end, ``win'' the  lawsuit. The cost of defending a case that you ultimately win can be so  big that it will put you out of business by itself.   In addition to protecting our healthcare heroes, we need to ensure  that fear of lawsuits does not prevent our schools, nonprofits, small  businesses, and a range of other organizations and institutions that  are vital to our communities from opening their doors. This will spell  out in black and white that these entities will be protected from  COVID-19 exposure claims as long as they have made a good-faith effort  to comply with mandatory public health guidelines.   By the way, a number of States have already provided similar  protections, including the minority leader's State of New York, and it  is time we extend these liability limitations to the rest in the  country. This is not a red State or blue State issue. We are all in  this together, and that is why red State and blue State legislators and  Governors have already acted in a similar fashion to what I am  describing here.   In order for our country to recover, the workers and institutions we  depend on now need to know with confidence that if they are operating  in good faith and obeying health guidelines, they are not going to  become victims of a feeding frenzy. This legislation will provide that  confidence, and I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will  join me in supporting these commonsense reforms.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S4496]]    