 Madam President, I rise to comment, along with my colleague  Senator Durbin, about the Sanders amendment. I must commend how  thoughtful and knowledgeable Senator Durbin is about all these  subjects. He has pointed out how there are too many military programs  that are not well moderated and that have cost overruns that result in  excess cost to the American public. We have to do something about those  things, and we also understand that we have huge demand with respect to  nondefense spending that we have to meet also.   The Sanders amendment, as Senator Durbin pointed out, would impose an  across-the-board cut to the Department of Defense, except for military  personnel accounts and the defense health programs. What he would call  a 10-percent across-the-board cut, when you take out health and  personnel, becomes really a 14-percent cut to all the accounts at the  Department of Defense.   The danger, as so well illustrated by Senator Durbin, is that this  type of indiscriminate getting rid of the good and paying for the bad  that doesn't really work. It doesn't make sense. It reminds us all of  the battles we had over sequestration, where Departments--not only the  Department of Defense but the civilian Departments--had to fund  programs because they met the cap and then cut other programs that were  much more valuable because they exceeded the cap. That is not a way, as  they proverbially say, to run a railroad, nor the Department of  Defense.   So we do have to look for specific areas to cut, and, as Senator  Durbin said, a great deal of that is done and will be done in the  Appropriations Committee where he is the ranking member. I am a  colleague on the committee, and each year we have the challenge of  taking the authorization that says ``you may do this'' and actually  putting in the money to do it, and that effort is usually valuable, as  is the authorization effort, and critically important.   We have to make sure that a result of our deliberations is, first,  the resources that are necessary to protect the men and women in the  Armed Forces who protect us and also provide for the quality of life of  their families and ultimately, of course, that we are able to deter any  threat, and if not, defeat that threat decisively.   This is a very important endeavor, and, again, suggesting that we  just cut across the board and then put it someplace else is not, I  think, commensurate with the kind of approach that we must take and we  have to take going forward.   The other factor, too, is that there are real ramifications for this  that are not sometimes obvious. There are literally thousands and  thousands--not just military personnel but civilian workers and  construction workers and equipment manufacturing workers--who, in this  indiscriminate, across-the-board cut, would lose their jobs at a time  when we can't lose any jobs. This approach would be disruptive. I would  not want to make a point to the disadvantage of the thousands and  thousands of men and women who are working hard to take care of their  families all across this country.   Again, we do have to make serious investments in communities across  this country that have been neglected, and I have been consistent in  support of those efforts. We do have to make investments in our  infrastructure for our economic liability and our economic efficiency.  We do have to provide support in many, many different ways that  transcends and goes beyond just the Department of Defense. In fact, one  could say that just as vital a part of our national defense as our  military budget is our education budget and our healthcare budget  because our strength is not just military forces; our strength is  knowledgeable citizens, our strength is healthy citizens, and our  strength is an efficient economic system.   But I think this approach, as I suggested today and I think the  suggestion from Senator Durbin also was that this just across-the-board  approach is good for a headline, it is good to make a point, but we are  here to make policy, and I hope we do make policy. I hope we can  continue in this National Defense Authorization Act to try to argue  about issues that people feel are not appropriate spending or if, in  fact, we need more spending and that in the appropriations process we  will do that once again.    Just as a reminder, this bill adheres to the Bipartisan Budget Act of  2019. It is the final year of the Budget Act. So the numbers we are  talking about today for the Department of Defense are not willy-nilly;  they were not negotiated without the context of nondefense spending. It  was a bipartisan agreement to set the levels of spending for both  defense and nondefense, and that is what we are doing here today.   We need a serious discussion about national spending priorities, not  just defense spending priorities but priorities that look back to poor  communities, industrial policy, infrastructure, education, daycare, the  impact of artificial intelligence on the workplace. We have a lot to  do, and I think we should get on to doing it but not with the shorthand  message of ``let's cut everything here, and put it over there.'' Let's  look at the serious issues, and let's confront them, and let's propose  serious solutions.   So because of these indiscriminate cuts, I will be forced to oppose  this amendment by Senator Sanders.   There is another amendment that will come before us today proposed by  Senator Tester, and that is one I do support. Senator Tester's  amendment will add additional diseases to those that the Veterans  Administration already presumes are the result of exposure to Agent  Orange by veterans during their military service in Vietnam.   We know that exposure to the toxic chemical Agent Orange has had  severe health consequences for veterans who answered the Nation's call  to military service during the Vietnam conflict. Recognizing this, the  Veterans Administration already presumes that certain diseases  affecting these veterans are service connected as a result of the  exposure to Agent Orange. These diseases include non-Hodgkin's  lymphoma, soft tissue sarcoma, respiratory cancers, myeloma and type 2  diabetes.   We also know that there are other diseases that are not yet covered  and that there are veterans who suffer from these diseases, and this  conclusion is supported by a scientific review by the National Academy  of Medicine. Parkinson's, bladder cancer, and hypothyroidism should  share the same presumption of service connection as the diseases  already presumed to be service connected.   Our Vietnam veterans should not have the burden of proving by  independent evidence that their diseases were caused by exposure to  Agent Orange. The failure to add these conditions to the Veterans  Administration's presumptive list continues to deny sick and aging  veterans the healthcare and compensation that they have earned through  service to our Nation and that they desperately need.   Senator Tester's amendment begins to remedy this inequity, and I urge  all Senators to vote for the Tester amendment.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise, together with the chairman of the  Armed Services Committee, to talk about the chairman's plan to conclude  the deliberations of the legislation before us today.   As you well know from being in the committee, this was a process that  was bipartisan, thoughtful, extremely well-orchestrated by the  chairman, and we accomplished a great deal. As you know, the members of  the committee--we considered literally hundreds of different amendments  by the members as we marked up the legislation. Then we passed the bill  out of committee, we brought it to the floor, and at that point, a  total of 880 amendments were filed on the legislation--446 Republican  amendments, 422 Democratic amendments, and 12 joint amendments. So we  had a rich field to pick from in terms of trying to improve the  legislation.   The first substitute that was introduced on the floor to begin formal  deliberation included a total of 79 amendments--34 Republican  amendments, 34 Democratic amendments, and 11 joint amendments. Then we  proceeded forward. Last week we came up with another unanimous consent  to allow the votes that took place this week on several very important  amendments, but in addition to that, we incorporated another  legislative proposal including 62 amendments.   So from the introduction of the bill to the floor and to this moment,  we have adopted 141 amendments. They are bipartisan, both Democrats and  Republicans. Now we are at the point--and the chairman, I believe, has  a very thoughtful way to conclude the legislation--to consider another  round of amendments and then be able to move to final passage very  quickly.   Again, let me conclude by saying that the chairman has done a  remarkable job. I commend him for his bipartisanship, his  thoughtfulness, and his consideration, and I am completely supportive  of his proposal to bring this bill to a conclusion.   I yield the floor.   