 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the impeachment process that has consumed  our country over the last several months is finally at an end. Every  Member of this Chamber has spent dozens of hours, if not more, studying  the precedents, listening to the House managers and the President's  legal team as they presented their arguments, including the testimony  of 13 witnesses whose sworn testimony was presented during the Senate  trial.   In the end, the majority of the Senators agreed that President Trump  should be acquitted of the charges brought by the House. No matter how  each Senator voted or felt about the end result, I can hope that we  would all agree on one thing, and that is, it is time to move forward.   Impeachment has paralyzed the work of Congress for far too long, and  we can't continue to allow the divisions and partisan games that are  associated with it to prevent us from doing the jobs we were sent here  to do. We are 9 months away from the next election. I think it is  somewhere around 267 days, if I am not mistaken. That is when the  American people will choose their next President and vote on the  direction of the country. But until then, our constituents expect us to  use the remainder of the time we have here to find consensus where and  when we can and to make progress on issues that they care most about.   For my constituents in Texas, the No. 1 item on their list is  prescription drug pricing. I continue to hear from my constituents in  Texas who feel burdened, confused, and down-right frustrated by rising  costs at the pharmacy. One of the reasons why I think that is probably  true is that under the Affordable Care Act deductibles have risen and  copays have ballooned, such that consumers are now paying more out of  pocket for their prescription drugs than ever before, because from all  of the negotiated deals between the pharmaceutical manufacturers and  the prescription pharmacy benefit managers, none of that savings  directly goes into the pocket of the consumer. So with increased  deductibles and with expanded copays, my constituents, and, I dare say,  all of our constituents are feeling more of that coming out of their  pocket.    Medications that people have been taking for years just keep getting  more and more expensive with no explanation behind the increase. To me,  the No. 1 example of that is insulin. I support the role of our patent  system to protect research and development of lifesaving and innovative  drugs, that people get a period of exclusivity--the companies that  bring them into the market--a period of exclusivity so they can recoup  their sunk costs and perhaps even make a profit, but there is just  simply no explanation for a drug like insulin, that has been on the  market for so long, for people to see $1,200 and higher copays, as we  heard in the Senate Finance Committee hearing.   A mother talked about her young son who was leaving the nest, so to  speak, but he was unable to meet the $1,200 copay. He was deferring  decisions in his life like buying a house and perhaps even getting  married because of the burden of that copay. We must do better,  particularly on drugs that have been on the market for a long, long  time, like insulin, that are so important for treating conditions like  diabetes.   But perhaps the single most--well, it is really the most common  concern I hear about is a drug called HUMIRA, and that is perhaps  because it is the most widely prescribed drug in the world. This drug  is a miracle drug, to be sure. It treats arthritis and a number of  other immunodeficiency conditions, and it has been available for 15  years.   Now, you typically think of an expensive drug as being one, as I  said, freshly on the market, which has just completed costly research  and development, but a drug that has been around 15 years, can it be  still protected by those patents, even though it was supposed to expire  years earlier? Well, apparently, it can.   Smart lawyers with pharmaceutical manufacturers have figured a way to  impose what is known as patent thickets. In other words, they can  request and get issued so many different patents that they literally  can prolong the period in which a drug manufacturer can claim exclusive  right to the sales of that drug.   AbbVie, the company that makes HUMIRA, has figured this out. They  figured out how to game the patent system so that no competition ever  comes to market, and they remain the sole provider of this widely used  drug. Their playbook involves an intricate maze of overlapping patents,  which make it nearly impossible for a competitor to come to market.   Here is the best evidence of that. Today there are five companies  that compete with HUMIRA in Europe, but all are blocked from their  competing drugs being sold here in America until 2023. That is as a  result of this patent thicketing gamesmanship. The smart lawyers at  AbbVie have effectively found loopholes that allow them to create and  maintain a monopoly.   Unfortunately, this isn't the only example of anticompetitive  behavior in the pharmaceutical industry. A number of my constituents  have also told me about their experience with a drug called Namenda,  which is used by patients with Alzheimer's, a devastating disease. Like  other new drugs, it began with an exclusivity period, where they were  the sole provider, but when that period was coming to a close, the  drugmaker switched from a twice-daily to a once-daily dose. Believe it  or not, that triggers a new patent application. That move itself  prevented pharmacists from being able to switch patients to a lower  cost generic, even though it is just as effective, so the company could  continue to reap enormous profits basically by just changing from  twice-a-day to once-a-day application.   The enemy here is not our patent system. It is the abuse of the  patent system by some pharmaceutical companies--again, not all  pharmaceutical companies--but some in ways that directly harm the  people we represent, the American people.   Earlier this year, I introduced a bill with my friend, the Democratic  Senator from Connecticut, Richard Blumenthal, to take aim at some of  these corrupt practices. Our bill strikes the delicate balance between  protecting innovation while increasing competition, and when it passes,  it will be a win for every American who has felt the pain of sticker  shock at the pharmacy.   We know it takes a lot more than good policy to get a bill turned  into law around here. It takes bipartisanship. It takes broad consensus  support to get the green light from the appropriate committees and to  pass them through both Houses of the Senate. Well, you would think a  bill like this that is bipartisan, has broad support, passed  unanimously out of the Judiciary Committee, and reduces Federal  spending would be a piece of cake to  [[Page S952]]  pass, but they haven't been in the Senate during this period of our  divisiveness.   The senior Senator from New York, the Democratic leader, has refused  to let this bill pass without a Broadway-scale production of other  unrelated legislation. Back in November, I came to the floor to ask  that this bill be passed by unanimous consent--again, since it had  passed unanimously out of the Judiciary Committee, and we had hotlined  the bill to see if there were any other objections in the Senate and  found none.   Well, in the month that followed, after the senior Senator from New  York objected to passing that bill, I didn't hear a single word from  the Senator who had concerns about it, but when I came to the floor to  ask that the bill be passed again, the senior Senator from New York,  the Democratic leader, blocked it again. He doesn't think it is bad  policy. In fact, he admitted it is a good bill. He is not objecting to  it because it is somehow a partisan bill that hasn't gone through the  regular order or would increase the national debt. As I said, none of  these things are true of this legislation.   The only reason the senior Senator from New York, the Democratic  leader, objected to this bill is because he is engaging in the kind of  politics and gamesmanship that really gives Washington, DC, a bad name.  It is true that my name, like a third of the Senators' names, will be  on the ballot in November, and Senator Schumer, apparently, is willing  to punish his constituents in New York State by not allowing this bill  to pass because he wants to make sure that nobody whose name is on the  ballot, who happens to be a Republican, can claim any sort of advantage  by getting a win, legislatively.   Well, unfortunately, while he is playing those sort of politics and  games, his own constituents are being harmed, and the American people  are being deprived of the benefits of this bipartisan legislation. We  saw this mentality during the President's impeachment trial too. We saw  how the Democratic leader staged vote after vote--not because he felt  like he had a shot at getting a conviction of President Trump and a  removal but strictly to make Senators whose names were going to be on  the ballot in 2020 look bad. He wanted to get the best 30-second TV  spot he could possibly get against all Republican Senators running in  2020.   He knew he was going to lose on the main impeachment vote, so he  focused on the one thing that has eluded him for many years, and that  is, his aspiration to become the next majority leader. Now, in his bid  to become the next majority leader, our colleague from New York is  blocking a bill that would bring down drug prices not only in the State  of Texas but in New York as well and every other State around the  country.   I wonder what the Senator's constituents in New York are telling him  about blocking bipartisan legislation that would actually benefit them.  This is at the same time that they are trying to figure out how do they  pay the higher copay or deductible for their prescriptions at the  pharmacy. We are not even a month and a half into the new year, and  drug prices are already on the rise, with an average increase of 6  percent. HUMIRA, which I mentioned earlier, has already gone up 7.4  percent.   So it is clear to me that this problem is not going to go away, and  the time to act is now. I would encourage the Democratic leader to stop  blocking the bill that his conference Member Senator Blumenthal of  Connecticut and I have introduced, so we can address these rising costs  and provide some much needed relief for our constituents.   My constituents have asked me: What does Congress intend to do  between now and the election? I usually mention: Well, we can deal with  the prescription drugs, and we can help bring down the out-of-pocket  costs. Hopefully, we can pass a highway infrastructure bill that we are  working on, one that passed unanimously out of the Environment and  Public Works Committee under the leadership of Senators Barrasso and  Carper, but the third thing I think we ought to be able to do--and  really it is a shame it has taken this long to act--is we need to take  actions to confront the rising healthcare risks associated with e- cigarettes.   