 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are here on a Saturday, which is not  typical for the U.S. Senate, but these are not typical times. More than  a month before cases popped up in every State  [[Page S1887]]  across the country, some of the first coronavirus patients who were  evacuated from China arrived in San Antonio, TX. They were quarantined  at Lackland Air Force Base and treated by the dedicated health  professionals there.   At that point, things looked a lot different. Outside of those  evacuees, no Texans were known to have acquired the coronavirus, and,  for the most part, the virus didn't impact people's daily lives. They  would see updates on the news about the growing number of cases in  China, read about the people being evacuated from cruise ships and  other countries, but there was no evidence the disease was spreading  through our communities. Schools were filled with children, restaurants  with customers, and arenas with sports fans.   But, as we know now, it didn't take long before the situation took a  quick turn. Once new cases began popping up, it was clear that our  communities were exposed. Over the last few weeks, the virus has spread  across the country, and our health officials and community leaders have  taken every precaution to keep their people safe. They have canceled  in-person classes, emptied office buildings, called off large events,  and encouraged folks to stay home and avoid close contact with others.   On Thursday, in Texas, Governor Abbott issued an executive order  adopting the standards set out by the President and the Centers for  Disease Control to further slow the spread across the entire State.  Among other measures, this executive order closed schools and required  all restaurants, bars, and food courts to put a stop to dine-in  options. They have to move to drive-through, carry-out, or delivery  service only.   Now, I believe these precautions are in the best interest of the  public health. Certainly, we hope they don't have to last long, but  they are necessary now, and I want to thank the Governor for taking  these steps in the interest of public safety.   As cities across the State and across the country have taken similar  precautions, we have seen the economic consequences that these  difficult decisions have brought about. Our local restaurants, hardware  stores, and gyms don't have the money to keep paying their employees'  wages and expenses without anything coming in the front door.   Through no fault of their own, many of these businesses suddenly find  themselves without customers to serve, but the bills are still coming  in. Expenses continue to pile up--things like rent, utilities, and  other things you can't avoid, even if you are not paying payroll.   Then, there are the employees wondering how long they are going to  have to be off the job and how long it will be before they are able to  apply for unemployment compensation or otherwise pay for their  expenses.   This is different from any crisis since I have been in the Senate. I  got here shortly after 9/11. We know what that was like. It was about a  trillion-dollar hit to our economy. Obviously, it was a national  security incident. Three thousand Americans were killed here in the  United States, and that started the war on terror, which we have been  fighting ever since.   In 2008, we had the great economic meltdown on Wall Street because of  all of these exotic mortgage products that the banking and the mortgage  industry had created. We remember what happened there. Unfortunately,  it became necessary for us to take extraordinary measures to help the  very same industry that caused the problem back in 2008. As distasteful  as that was, I believe it was in the best interest of the country and  our ability to recover from that disaster.   This is different. Nobody in this country caused this problem. We are  all equal victims of this virus. So I think, as we look at how we  should respond to this epidemic--or pandemic, as now it has been called  because it is global in nature--we need to look at how we can target  the help to the people who need it the most in order to bridge this gap  between the lack of a paycheck and unavailability of unemployment  insurance, and how do businesses, small and large, burn through their  cash or reserves but still stay alive so that they can rehire the same  people they have laid off once this crisis passes.   What I am hoping happens is that, after this crisis passes, we learn  some important lessons, things about the supply chain for our  medication, supply chain for medical equipment and the like, and what  we need to do to protect ourselves and the rest of the globe against  pandemics like this, because there has been, in my lifetime, nothing  quite like this in terms of the fear it has engendered and the reaction  of both the markets and the economy--as well as the public health  concerns.   So we need to learn important lessons from that. In the interim, we  need to do everything we can to lend a helping hand to those who need  our help. The Senate has already passed two bills as part of what we  all know will be a long recovery process. The first focused primarily  on our public health system by sending vital funding to healthcare  providers, investing in the development of vaccines, possible  treatments, and more diagnostic tests.   Something I hear from my Governor and our local officials, something  they need the most and ask me about the most, is testing, so that, for  people who develop symptoms, they can figure out whether this is the  seasonal flu, allergies, something else, or is this the COVID-19 virus,  because, if it is the COVID-19 virus, they need to be isolated, either  at home under the watchful eye of their healthcare professional or, in  some cases, if they become seriously ill, if their breathing becomes  compromised, they need to go to the hospital. So the first bill focused  primarily on the healthcare aspects. The second bill that was passed,  signed by the President just a few days ago--I think it was on  Thursday--focused more on the small businesses and individual workers  who have been impacted.   Of course, as we all know, we are now working on the third  installment. We don't know how many installments will be required, how  many chapters are in this book that we are in the process of writing,  but we know that this is important, and it is important that we act  with effectiveness but speed at the same time.   This is the largest of the bills so far. We are talking about amounts  of money that stagger my imagination, but I believe this emergency  requires bold action to address this pandemic from every angle  possible. As I said, once this passes, we need to learn the lessons  that this virus is trying to teach us to make sure we never find  ourselves in this sort of vulnerable position again. But, in the  meantime, we have other work to do.   As the leader has previously outlined, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,  and Economic Security Act--the acronym is CARES Act--will take action  on four major priorities   We will see, for people who, through no fault of their own, don't  have any money coming in, direct financial aid--something many of us  never would have contemplated under nonemergency circumstances. We will  see, of course, relief for the small businesses I mentioned, people  like the restaurants, hotels, and others. They have no customers  because their business is shut--again, not through any fault of their  own but because, by order of their Governor or local government  official, for public health purposes they are shut down. So we need to  find some way to throw a lifeline to those small businesses.   Then, I believe, for those large employers that hire tens or maybe  hundreds of thousands and probably millions of Americans, we need to  find a way to help them obtain loans that they will pay back, with  interest, but that will bridge this period of time while they are  burning cash and wondering: Will I still be around? Will I still be  viable as a business once this crisis passes?   What we need to have happen is, once we defeat this virus, we need to  make sure that America goes back to work and our economy, which was  incredibly strong until this virus hit, is restored.   I am hopeful that some of the projections that we have seen by people  like JPMorgan and others, which, unfortunately, show a dramatically  negative impact of the virus during the first and second quarter, the  second quarter probably being the worst--we need to make sure that this  is a V-shaped recovery. In other words, when we hit bottom, we need to  make sure our economy bounces back, and that means these businesses  need to remain intact,  [[Page S1888]]  and they need to be prepared to rehire their employees if they had laid  them off. And we need to make sure that our economy is restored by a  rapid recovery.   That is why I think this bill is so important.   Of course, the fourth is more support for our healthcare  professionals. On the first point, direct aid, we know many workers  have lost their jobs or had their hours seriously cut down. As we all  know, that is especially true for the service and hospitality  industries, which have been the hardest hit.   Think about your local waiter, somebody working for tips, somebody  working for an hourly wage--bartenders, hairdressers, housekeepers--the  ones who, only a few weeks ago, had jobs and steady paychecks and are  now without any income with which to sustain themselves or their  families. They are wondering how they are going to pay the rent before  the first of the month, cover their electric bill, buy groceries to  feed their family, and keeps things afloat until life returns to  normal.   We are working to get that money into the hands of Texans and  Americans who need help now, as fast and as efficiently and as  effectively as possible--no paperwork to fill out, just direct aid from  Washington to middle-class Americans. Again, it is something I never  would have contemplated in a nonemergency situation, but I think, under  this situation, we need to act quickly and we need to act effectively  to get money into the hands of those who, through no fault of their  own, don't have any money coming in.   This can help cover expenses while their income is short, perhaps  provide a little extra stability, and inject a little extra money into  our economy when it is desperately needed.   On small businesses other than the ones I have mentioned, I have  heard from a number of them who are worried they will not be able to  weather the storm without significant and immediate financial  assistance in some form. Well, this legislation would provide new small  business interruption loans through their local financial  institutions--the banks, their credit unions. These businesses can turn  to those banks and credit unions and whoever their preferred lender  might be for a federally backed, Small Business Administration loan.  Qualifying businesses can use this money to cover their rent, core  expenses, and payroll.   In fact, that is what we want them to do. We want them to continue to  keep their employees on the payroll if they can so that, as soon as  people start showing up again to patronize their business, we can see  the economy take off as these people are restored to their former jobs.  We are hoping to minimize the disruption that this virus will have for  our Main Street businesses and do as much as possible to avoid layoffs.   But we also need financial assistance--I would call it economic  stabilization--for some of the largest employers in the country,  including our airlines, that our economy depends upon. Now, I said  ``loans'' because this money will be repaid. As to those people who  claim that somehow we are bailing out large American corporations, that  is not what we are proposing here. We are not giving companies a free  pass for their own bad decisions.   Again, nobody here in America contributed to this condition in which  we find ourselves. That was the virus that emanated in Wuhan Province  in China. But if we are going to have any chance of rebounding in the  long term, we have to ensure that these businesses can survive. No  American business, from your local sandwich shop to a major airline,  asked for or expected this turmoil, and they need our support now.   The final pillar of this bill will hit at the cause of this crisis:  the virus itself. Supporting our healthcare professionals and first  responders and ensuring that they have the resources and equipment they  need is priority No. 1. We also need to continue investing in the  development of a vaccine--although we know that will take months--in  the interim, and possible treatments, including some of the drugs that  are already on the market that are now being tested by the Food and  Drug Administration to see whether this new application for combating  the COVID-19 virus is effective and safe for people to take, and, of  course, more testing and diagnostics. That is one of the things that  distinguish America from the rest of the world on not only how  resilient we are but how quickly we innovate our way out of problems.    As the Presiding Officer knows, we were just at a meeting where  Senator Alexander, the chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee, said that soon he anticipated a new, FDA-approved  testing kit for the coronavirus that will be widely available. People  who now can't get access to a test will be able to use the test based  on advice from their medical provider and gain the confidence of  knowing ``Hey, I am negative. I don't have anything to worry about  personally, and what I need to do is to continue to do what the Centers  for Disease Control told us all we need to do, which is to maintain  good personal hygiene and social distancing''--a new phrase that we  have all become acquainted with. As long as you are negative and you do  those things, then you are likely going to be healthy and not be  affected directly by this virus.   That is one of the things that are happening in real time now-- development of the new tests. The proliferation of this inexpensive and  quick testing will allow for people who are positive to be identified  so they can be treated either at home or in a healthcare facility.   The truth is, most of us--if you are otherwise healthy, if you get  the coronavirus, you may experience some minor symptoms. One of the  biggest concerns is people who got the virus and are asymptomatic or  presymptomatic and whether they are infecting other people. But for  most of us, you will be fine after you recover, but you need to be  isolated so you don't infect others. And some people--particularly the  elderly and people with comorbidities, underlying illnesses, or medical  conditions, who are the most vulnerable--will have to be hospitalized,  to be sure.   This is one of those all-hands-on-deck moments unlike I have ever  experienced before in my service in the Senate. I appreciate the  response from the administration and the President on down. I  appreciate the cooperation among our colleagues who have worked to  prepare not only the initial proposal but who are working now on a  bipartisan basis to come up with a package we can vote on quickly. I  hope negotiations with our Democratic colleagues will move smoothly and  meet the majority leader's target of having a package we can vote on on  Monday.   Will this be the last bill we pass relative to this crisis? I doubt  it, but we don't know for sure because that, I think, is what is  driving so much of the volatility in the markets and the uncertainty  and fear that some people feel--it is the unknown. As we work our way  through this, we will be able to adapt additional legislation, if  required, to meet with the needs at that time. As I said, this has been  a moving target.   I appreciate the cooperation we have seen so far. I think, as we all  realize, there are some things that transcend politics. Every time we  have had a national crisis--this one included--I think it has always  called the better angels of our nature and resulted in our ability to  work together to produce our best efforts to help address the crisis,  to solve the problem, and to help the American people.   Each day we waste debating this bill further by talking about other  ideological goals that people want to accomplish and take advantage of  this emergency to try to pass things that are unrelated to dealing with  the virus--every day we waste with those sorts of things is a day that  healthcare providers, small businesses, and constituents are spending  without the help they need and deserve.   The time to act is now. There is no question that this pandemic will  have a lasting impact on our country. I believe one of the things we  need to do is figure out how we can prevent this sort of thing from  happening ever again. But I believe a major investment by our  government will now allow us to weather the storm together and to come  out with the best possible result on the other side.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   