 Madam President, I thank the senior Senator  from Wisconsin and the junior Senator from Indiana for their hard work  in addressing the out-of-control spending of the Federal Government and  for finding ways to assist Americans who need help in the midst of this  pandemic.   The coronavirus is a crisis that has demanded action to protect  Americans, but if we are not careful, Congress is going to create  another devastating crisis down the road, one of our own doing. Our  national debt and deficits--already at unsustainable levels--have  skyrocketed as Congress has spent almost $3 trillion to address this  crisis. Even if you remove the Paycheck Protection Program that has  kept workers on payrolls, the total amount spent by Congress to respond  to the pandemic and help workers amounts to more than $50,000 per  unemployed American. Do you think any unemployed American has received  anything close to $50,000? Of course not. That is because every dollar  spent by Congress seems to be spent in the least efficient way  possible.   Now Congress is negotiating a new spending bill of at least $1  trillion without even understanding if or how the $3 trillion already  allocated has been spent. You would never operate a business like that.  You would never operate your household like that. Government should not  be able to get away with it.   In June, I and Senators Johnson and Cruz asked all 50 States how they  have allocated the trillions of dollars in taxpayer funding they have  received from the Federal Government for the coronavirus response. So  far, the majority of States has refused our request. Instead of telling  us how they are being responsible with American taxpayer dollars, they  want more money from the Federal Government. Where is the oversight and  accountability? It doesn't exist in Washington right now.   I am thankful that my friends Senators Johnson and Braun are focused  on protecting our future and reining in Washington's excess. Instead of  just throwing money at every problem, my colleagues are actually  thinking about the impact this spending will have on the future of our  children and grandchildren and how we are impacting our ability to fund  our military and our safety nets like Social Security, Medicare, and  Medicaid.   Over my 8 years as the Governor of Florida, we completely turned our  economy around by making hard budgetary decisions, by cutting taxes and  regulations, and by making sure we got a return on every taxpayer  dollar. Senators Johnson and Braun and I all come from business  backgrounds, and we understand that you just can't spend without having  accountability. You have to invest wisely.   We have to start doing the exact same thing at the Federal level  because, at some point, someone is going to have to pay for it. If we  don't start acting in a more fiscally responsible manner, our children  and our grandchildren are no longer going to have the same  opportunities we all have had to live the American dream, and that is  actually not fair.   It is time we take this seriously. The best way to help people right  now is to get our economy reopened, to support businesses by cutting  taxes and regulations, and to ensure that we have ample testing and PPE  across the country. That is how we get back on track. That needs to be  our focus in going forward.   I thank my colleagues for their hard work in trying to make sure we  don't waste people's money and to make sure we take care of the people  who actually need help right now   I yield to Senator Johnson.   