 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of this important  legislation, H.R. 4305, the PAWS Act.   As a combat veteran, I have personally relied on service dogs in  battle. We all recently witnessed the important role that service dogs  play in combat roles and in national security when we saw Conan, the  Belgian Malinois, who participated in the raid that killed ISIS leader  al-Baghdadi. Service dogs also play an important role in transitioning  veterans back to civilian life.   There is no denying these connections. The support they provide our  veterans puts that connection on an entirely different level of  importance. Many of our veterans return back from their service not the  same as when they left, and I can personally attest to that.   They have three bad choices: either they don't come home, they come  home missing limbs, or they certainly come home--when you have been in  combat--different mentally than when they left.   These invisible wounds often make life very difficult for our  veterans who have served. We owe them. The least we can do is to  provide a full menu of options to their medical providers when they  need help, whether those are medicines, whether those are  unconventional treatments like hyperbaric chambers, or whether they are  service dogs. That should be one of the options that our providers can  provide.   I had the personal opportunity to meet with several veterans who have  benefited from these service animals in my district last year and their  stories were just incredible.   The common theme amongst all of them was that they either completely  eliminated or drastically reduced the amount of medication that they  were on as a result of PTSD, depression, and anxiety.   Almost all of these veterans who had service dogs in their lives not  only reduced their medications, but they got out more and they  socialized more. The dog served as an important and positive forcing  function in their lives.   I think this legislation is long overdue. This is long overdue for  the VA to provide. I love the fact that it engages our veteran service  organizations like K9s for Warriors which is just north of my district  in St. Johns County, and others.   These dogs can be life changing, and they have been life changing,  and they should continue to be, and they should be provided by us, by  our society that owes these vets so much.   Our veterans deserve to live happy lives after their service, and we  should do everything that we can to ensure their well-being. I urge my  colleagues to pass this important bill.   I thank my colleagues Representative Roe and Representative Stivers  for their leadership, and we all should let them know and let these  veterans know that we have their six and the House of Representatives  stands with them on their path to healing.   