 Mr. Speaker, here is a summary of the situation. On  an issue of serious interest and concern to Members on both sides of  the aisle, the current House leadership has brought to the floor the  most extreme proposals, with limited debate, and absolutely no  opportunity for any other idea to be considered.   They are so afraid of losing a motion to recommit that they have  overturned 100 years of precedent and practice in this House by even  denying a motion to recommit. And thus, they have taken a serious,  complex subject and turned it into a messaging bill that will do  nothing except encourage our adversaries. I would suggest it is a sad  day for the House and for the country.   Now, specifically on this amendment, if this amendment were seriously  implemented--and by the way, I think no administration of either party  would seriously implement this language--but if it were, it is far more  restrictive than the War Powers Act. It says Congress has to approve  anything ahead of time, or we have to already wait for the attack to  have occurred, and then the President to designate a national  emergency. No other time could a President use force against Iran.   So, for example, we could not have carried out the attack against  [[Page H720]]  Soleimani. Even if we had perfect intelligence that he was about to  kill large numbers of Americans, we would have to wait until they died  first.   Anyone who says, oh, this doesn't restrict his ability; we can always  defend ourselves, either you haven't read the language, or you really  are trying not to understand the effect that the literal interpretation  of this language would mean.   We could not, under this language, enforce sanctions against Iran to  try to keep them from getting a nuclear weapon. We could not work with  our allies to try to keep international shipping open in the Persian  Gulf. We could not engage in cyber operations, even to protect  ourselves, until after the attack had already occurred.   Attorneys at DOD believe that at least it would call into serious  question our ability to defend Israel if it were attacked by Iran or  its proxies.   This language is extreme. It is irresponsible on subject, on  substance, tying the President's hands from defending the country.   Now, as I said, there are lots of people who are concerned about this  issue, but I do not believe that they have understood or thought  through the effects of this language.   One other point. You cannot ignore what is happening in the world.  Things are still a little tense between us and Iran, so why bring it up  this week, with those tensions still fresh on everybody's mind? I  believe the only effect will be to encourage Iran.   So bringing this measure to the floor, in this way, at this time, is  irresponsible for our Nation's security and for the integrity of the  House.   