 Mr. President, it has been 4 days since the United  States carried out a military operation that killed Major General Qasem  Soleimani, the commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Quds  Force. In the days since, I have become increasingly alarmed about the  strike, a strike that was carried out with insufficient transparency,  without consultation of Congress, and without a clear plan for what  comes next.   President Trump had promised to keep the United States out of endless  wars in the Middle East. The President's actions, however, have  seemingly increased the risk that we could be dragged into exactly such  a war. It is indicative of President Trump's foreign policy record,  which is riddled by chaotic, uninformed, erratic, and impulsive  decision-making without adequate consideration for the consequences.   In just about every foreign policy area President Trump touches, we  are worse off than we were before he started with it. Whether it is  with China, North Korea, Syria, Russia, the President has careened from  one impulsive action to the next, with no coherent strategy. North  Korea today--despite what President Trump said, we don't have to worry  about them--is a greater nuclear threat than they have ever been.  Trump's actions have been disastrous. North Korea has more nuclear  weapons, and, by all reports, has either developed or is very close to  developing an ICBM that can hit the U.S. mainland. That is a result of  President Trump's bumbling.   The situation in Syria is much worse than before. Doing what he did  in Syria, pulling out those troops, made no sense to anybody, even the  most hawkish foreign policy people we have, and every time the  President seems to deal with Putin, Putin seems to come out ahead.  Looking at the President's chaotic and rudderless foreign policy in  hotspots around the globe, it is hard to conclude that any of the  situations are better off than when the President took office 3 years  ago. His policies seem to be characterized by erratic, impulsive, and  often egotistical behavior, with little regard to a long-term strategy  that would advance the interests of the United States.   At times like this, it is essential for Congress to provide a check  on the President and assert our constitutional role in matters of war  and peace. In my view, President Trump does not--does not--have  authority to go to war with Iran. There are several important pieces of  legislation that seek to, again, assert Congress's authority and  prerogative on these matters.   Senator Kaine has a War Powers Resolution that would force a debate  and vote in Congress to seek to prevent further escalation of  hostilities with Iran. That resolution will be privileged, so it will  have to come to the floor. My colleagues, we are going to vote on it.   Senator Sanders has introduced a bill that would block funding for  the war with Iran. I am supportive of both Senator Kaine's and Senator  Sanders' efforts, and I urge the Senate to consider both in the coming  days.   Additionally, the Trump administration must start acting with greater  transparency. By law, the Trump administration must make a notification  [[Page S14]]  to Congress when it conducts a military operation like the one last  Friday. That is known as a War Powers Act notification. Unusually, the  Trump administration made the notification on Saturday, after the  action occurred, and then they did it in a completely classified  format.   Let me be clear. An entirely classified notification--in the case of  this particular military operation--is simply not appropriate, and  there appears to be no legitimate justification for classifying this  notification.   Ranking Member Menendez and I sent a letter to the President urging  declassification. It is critical that national security matters of such  importance--war and peace and the possibility of another ``endless  war'' in the Middle East--that knowledge of the actions and  justification should be shared with the American people in a timely  manner. It is Americans who will be asked to pay for such a war if it  occurs. It is American soldiers who will bravely risk their lives once  again.   The reason the Founding Fathers gave Congress war-making authority is  very simple: They were afraid of an overreaching Executive. They wanted  to make sure that any act as important as war--war and peace--be  discussed in an open manner by the Congress so it could be vetted, so  questions could be asked, so a small, insular group--and the  President's group seems even more and more insular because anyone of  strength and courage, people like Mattis and McMaster, who disagrees  with the President because he is so erratic leaves, leaving a bunch of  ``yes'' people who seem to want to do whatever the President wants.  That means having a debate in Congress where questions are asked and  coming to the American people so that people can hear a justification  and see if it is actually a valid one is vital.   The administration still has to answer several very crucial questions  about their actions last week. Iran has many dangerous surrogates in  the region and a whole range of possible responses. Which responses do  we expect? Which are the most likely? What do we know about what Iran  would plan to do in retaliation, and what are our plans to counter all  of these responses? How effective does our military, does our CIA, does  our State Department think these responses will be?   The next question is, What does this action mean for the long-term  stability for Iraq? What does it mean for our presence in Iraq? What  does it mean to the trillions of dollars--trillions--and thousands of  American lives sacrificed there? How does what we are doing now fit  into that? How does the administration plan to manage any escalation of  the hostilities? How does the administration plan to avoid a larger and  potentially endless conflagration in the Middle East?   These are crucial questions. Not one has been answered by the  President or anyone in the administration. All of the tweeting and all  of the bravado is no substitute for strategic thinking and long-term  foreign policy goals and ways to achieve those goals. This  administration seems to be devoid of that. It certainly was when it  came to North Korea. It certainly was when it came to Syria. It  certainly is when it comes to Russia, and it seems likely the same case  is now occurring with Iran.   At a minimum, the questions I mentioned must be answered. This is an  important moment for our Nation. The American people need clarity that  the Trump administration has a plan--not just a tweet but a plan--to  keep our troops, our Nation, and our people safe.   