 I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) is  necessarily absent.    Mr. President, before my colleague from the State of Ohio  leaves, I would like to note one issue that he did not raise, which we  have in common, and that is the issue of votes on the floor of the U.S.  Senate in times of national emergency.   Senator Portman and I have cosponsored legislation to address this  issue, acknowledging in our introduction of it a few days ago, that  when we face something, as we did this evening, where five of our  Senate colleagues were unable to come to the floor of the Senate and  vote because they are self-quarantining at this moment, this could  grow. Let's be very honest about it. The numbers could grow to a point  where it could reach an extreme where there is a question of an actual  quorum for the Senate. What Senator Portman of Ohio, a Republican  Senator, and I have introduced with him on the Democratic side, is an  effort to establish a verifiable technology procedure so that once the  decision is made that we are in a time of emergency, that Members could  vote and not be physically present on the floor of the Senate.   If you notice tonight on my side and even on his side, there are some  Members who came to the floor quickly and left. They are genuinely  concerned about social distancing and about contagion. I understand  that very much. I share that concern.   So I would just say to my friend from Ohio, that we are certainly not  going to call this measure, but I hope we call it soon. It is time for  us to have this conversation about how to protect Members and their  families, staff and their families, in the way that we vote on the  floor of the Senate when we are facing a public health crisis, such as  the one we have at this moment.   I will be happy to yield for a question.    I thank the Senator from Ohio.   This is a bipartisan issue, as it should be. It affects both sides of  the aisle. We are all vulnerable, and if we can find a practical  solution which respects the integrity of the voting process of the U.S.  Senate, let's do that.   As we have drawn it up in the earliest version, it has to be agreed  to by both leaders, Democratic and Republican, to go forward and do it  for 30 days at a time, renewable for another 30 days, with a vote of  three-fifths of the Members to go forward an additional 30 days. So  this is not a permanent change, but it is a change that may be  necessary if we face a public health emergency or a terrorist threat,  God forbid, or something of that nature. So I thank the Senator from  Ohio.   I know he is prepared to depart. I thank him not only for his remarks  but the tone of his remarks because what I sensed from the Senator from  Ohio was a genuine feeling that we can achieve this goal of coming up  with this critical third piece of legislation and do it with both sides  of the aisle working together.   The American public has a very low opinion of those of us who serve  in Congress, as much as we respect the institutions--and many of us  have given so many years of our lives to--but I think they have been  pleasantly surprised in the first two measures that we passed. They  were done on a timely basis, and they were done on a bipartisan basis.  So when we addressed the issue of the resources to fight this COVID-19,  when we talked about providing free testing and medical leave and  unemployment insurance being accelerated and food and Medicaid  reimbursement to States, it was done quickly, and it was done with both  the House and Senate together on a bipartisan basis. I think that  should be the standard.   I am sorry we stumbled today. I wish the Senator from Kentucky, the  majority leader, would have withheld calling this vote this evening  because I do believe that there are serious negotiations underway, even  as we meet here on the floor. In another part of this building, those  conversations are taking place.   I have heard a lot of speeches on the floor, and if you listened  carefully to the comments of the Democratic leader, Senator Schumer,  they were positive. He really, I felt, gave me the impression that even  in the last several hours, there have been some steps forward.   There are key elements that still need be resolved, but I feel  confident that we can reach that point, and we must.   The first and highest priority from our side of the aisle, we share.  He said it. We all would say it. We have to slow down and stop the  spread of COVID-19 in the United States of America. Unless and until we  do that, there is nothing that we can do to repair and restore this  economy that has any promise. We have to reach the point where we have  crested and start to see a decline in infections in our country so that  we can start envisioning the moment when we can get back to business in  America. That moment couldn't come any time too soon for me or for all  of us across the United States.   That is why we sent a Marshall Plan--that is what Senator Schumer  kept referring to. A Marshall Plan for healthcare and hospitals was our  highest priority.   I will concede the bill that he has described has substantial  resources, but I must add, from my point of view, just listening to my  hospital administrators in Illinois, that it is not enough. It isn't  going to be enough. We are going to quickly see our healthcare system  overwhelmed if we don't invest now and invest dramatically.   Many of these hospitals in my State have said to me--and they said it  publicly, as well--that their revenue sources, primarily outpatient  treatment and elective surgery, have been pushed aside because so many  patients are coming through the emergency room door complaining of  symptoms that are consistent with COVID-19. They have to take them as a  priority, and they can't schedule elective surgeries. So the revenues  coming to many of these hospitals--not just in Chicago but across the  State--have been compromised.   So from a financial viewpoint, let's make sure that this third bill  we are debating puts an adequate amount of money in for these  hospitals. They are our first line of defense against the spread of  this virus across America. I think we all agree that should be done.   I continue to be frustrated--and I know my Governor, J.B. Pritzker,  shares this frustration--that all of the promises and all of the press  conferences that the White House and other people are having about all  of the testing kits and all of the equipment headed our way have not  borne fruit. We just don't see it. We are waiting for evidence of it.   We are not testing nearly enough people in our State. A State of 17.7  million people is a State that needs more than 350 tests a month. So  what we need to do is to make sure we do this and have the testing kits  available so  [[Page S1907]]  we can map the increase or decrease in infections, and we can chart,  specifically, the spread of the disease in our State, which I hope is  moderated very, very soon.    As for the protective equipment, we have people who are volunteering  to make masks at home, we are so desperate to supply the needs of  protective equipment at all levels. It is not nearly enough, and it  needs to be done.   Let me also speak for a moment about the role of the Speaker in this.  I listened to the Republican Senate leader speak in somewhat  questionable terms, to be kind, about the role of Speaker Pelosi in  this conversation about this third bill. I must say, it is pretty  obvious that if we are going to pass this measure and do it with  dispatch, we need to have cooperation on both sides of the Rotunda, not  just a bill that is acceptable to the Senate but to the House as well.  So when Speaker Pelosi comes to the table, it is important that she be  there, along with Leader McCarthy and the House Republican leadership,  so that all four corners are represented.   That is exactly what Senator Schumer suggested at the earliest  stages; that we have the four corners of leadership come together with  representatives of the White House and reach a truly bipartisan  agreement that way. So the fact that Speaker Pelosi is interested--she  should be. She should be more than interested. She should be at the  table and involved in making the decision on this.   Let me tell you that cash payments are important. We have never  opposed them. We have said that we want to extend unemployment  insurance. There is a proposal for that. The duration of this extension  is important to our side. It is a critical element, which I hope we can  quickly reach an agreement on.   When it comes to the 7(a) loans that are going to be made to small  businesses, Senator Rubio and Senator Cardin have worked on this for a  long time. I think they are very close to a bipartisan measure that we  can agree on.   The phase 3 effort that Senator Mark Warner and others have focused  on really takes into account certain corporations with more than 500  employees who definitely need a helping hand.   When it comes to the largest corporations, I hope you can understand  the reservations which some of us have. We want to make certain that  the money going to these corporations isn't paid out in dividends or in  stock buybacks so that someone ends up getting rich at the expense of a  truly bipartisan effort to help the workers at those corporations,  which are our highest priority. We can have restrictions so that these  moneys are not abused and misused, and I hope we can do that as part of  this agreement.   Let me close by saying that I do believe we could close this deal. I  don't know that it can be done tonight. I pray it will be. If there are  people of good faith on both sides of the table, it will be. If it is  truly bipartisan, I believe we can reach the goal that we are all  seeking.   Let's get this done. Let's restore the confidence of the American  people in Congress that we can act on a bipartisan basis and on a  timely basis to respond quickly to what is one of the greatest  challenges I have ever lived through in this Nation.   The American people in our neighborhoods, towns, and cities across  America are proving every day that they have the courage and  determination to see their way through this challenge--first and  foremost, our healthcare workers, God bless them, at every level.   The doctors, the nurses, the laboratory technicians, and those  working with our elderly, they are risking their lives every day in  their mission to deal with this crisis. We should do no less when it  comes to our responsibility here in the U.S. Senate.   And a word about our first responders, whether it is the police, the  firefighters, or those in the medical professions, they, too, are doing  their jobs, regardless of the threat to them personally. So, in that  spirit, we should resolve this matter and resolve it quickly. I believe  we can do it.   I believe there is a feeling of good will and determination on both  sides of the aisle here in the U.S. Senate. I hope that it can even be  accomplished this evening.   I stand by what Senator Schumer said earlier. There is a light at the  end of this tunnel. Let's try to pursue it, both parties, and get it  done as quickly as possible   I yield the floor.   