 Madam Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R.  1425, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act.   The bill before us today has a variety of provisions that I have been  a longtime supporter of, and now, given the current healthcare crisis  with COVID-19, many of these provisions are more important than ever  before. Negotiating drug prices to save people money, we do it in all  aspects of our life, we need to do it here.   I am also proud to colead an effort with Representative Harder,  included in today's bill, to ensure that folks who are losing their  employer-sponsored healthcare coverage are aware that options to  maintain that healthcare include both COBRA and the marketplace. It  also maintains State flexibility and has a mechanism to ensure  resources get to the individuals that need the help the most.   My home State of Oregon has a State innovation waiver reinsurance  program under Section 1332 of the ACA, and within the first year it  already started saving money for families by preventing a 10 to 15  percent premium increase.   These reinsurance provisions in H.R. 1425, widely bipartisan, will  bolster and augment efforts States like mine who are already doing it,  and provide other States additional opportunity to afford this type of  program.   While the impact of the marketplace may not be seen immediately, we  know that the uncertainty around COVID-19 will likely drive rates up  and may consolidate the options available in the marketplace that we  have worked so hard to build robust, quality options for coverage.   Since the ACA went into effect, we have seen positive trends in  coverage and utilization. We must continue to build on the parts we  know that are working, and in no small part, it is the Medicaid  expansion that is helping so many. All of our States are facing budget  crises right now, and more folks are shifting over to Medicaid as they  lose their jobs. While providing healthcare is an investment upfront,  it pays dividends on the back end by driving preventative care and  reducing costly treatments.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to consider supporting the comprehensive bill before us today.   