 Mr. President, I rise today to join my many colleagues  familiar with agriculture--the farmers, ranchers, growers, everybody in  the food chain--and my thanks to Senator Ernst for really starting  this, making a great speech last week. We are all trying to follow up  with the same message to shine a spotlight on our Nation's COVID-19  heroes.   We have heard the term ``hero'' a lot during this pandemic. I believe  the title is warranted to describe the many Kansans and, for that  matter, all Americans who are doing extraordinary work and making great  sacrifices to make this country safer and healthier.   Today, I want to talk about the heroes--the special heroes in  agriculture: our farmers, our ranchers, our growers. The Sun comes out  every day. A lot of us are in safe places. We have decided that is the  best alternative for us, and so we have a lot of shutdowns.   Not farm country. The farmers, ranchers, and growers, they don't have  that option. They have to do what they have to do in terms of planting  their crops, harvesting their crops, taking care of their crops. They  work long hours, day in and day out, to produce  [[Page S4898]]  the food on our dinner tables and make sure our supermarket shelves are  stocked.   These producers are facing low prices, regulatory overreach, a  challenging trade environment, and drastic and sudden changes in demand  for their crops and animals. To top it off, net farm income is  estimated to drop by nearly $20 billion as of this year. Despite all  these challenges, they have continued to produce even more with less.   American farmers and ranchers are so efficient at their jobs that we  are able to enjoy the most affordable food of any country in the  world--and the most safe. We also have the safest and most ample food  supply.   That is why I consider--as well as all of my colleagues on the  Agriculture Committee and others who are privileged to represent  farmers, ranchers, and growers--that they are true heroes.   Producing food for a troubled and hungry world is what farmers do day  in and day out, but especially at times like this, it is nothing short  of heroic. We have taken steps to address the needs of our Nation's  farmers and ranchers, and in recent months--in March--unanimously, we  passed the CARES Act.   I would say that would be a goal we might want to achieve with the  Heroes Act scaled down to whatever we want to call it--and also the  HEALS Act. At any rate, it was unanimous back then, and that funded the  Department of Agriculture to address the needs related to the pandemic,  among a lot of other things.   We included $9.5 billion for Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue to  deliver emergency support for those in agriculture and the food  industry who suffered losses due to the pandemic, and we included $14  billion partial replenishment for the Department of Agriculture's  Commodity Credit Corporation to provide additional assistance to  affected producers. This legislation ensured the continued  implementation of our 2018 farm bill programs, which do provide  certainty and predictability at a time when both are scarce.   We also provided additional resources for telemedicine, broadband  connectivity, as well as business and industry loans. The CARES Act  also supplied the Department with the resources to continue mandatory  inspection services to ensure our food safety and minimize potential  interruption in the food supply chain.   COVID-19 created a ripple effect that has been felt from the farm to  the supermarket. The agriculture and food sector, along with the  administration, the CDC, and OSHA have all implemented practices and  policies that address worker health and safety in our processing  plants. Keeping America's meat and poultry processing system functional  was imperative--it was difficult, but we are making progress--as was  boosting worker safety and protection in these plants.   Now we must take what lessons we have learned in the past few months  and build upon this progress.   I am privileged to be the chairman of the Senate Committee on  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. I have worked on the role of  addressing rural America's priorities as part of a fourth COVID-19  relief package, as have all members of the committee, both Democrat and  Republican.   This week, we are considering legislation with the hopes of a  bipartisan solution. We all know and we anticipate this process will go  through several twists and turns before a final agreement is reached,  but we must provide solutions. The entire country is truly counting on  us.   In closing, I want to again thank our farmers, our ranchers, and our  growers all across the country who have continued to do their job  during these very difficult times, and I want them to know that we are  continuing to work to make sure they have the tools needed to continue  to feed not only our country but a very troubled and hungry world.   