 North Dakota is an energy powerhouse, and our late-night  producers work around the clock to ensure homes and businesses in the  Midwest have affordable and reliable access to power when it is needed  most. But the PTC, the wind production tax credit, is creating  artificially low prices in markets for power generation.   Qualified wind projects are receiving up to 2\1/2\ cents per kilowatt  hour from the taxpayer. These subsidies distort the market and are  forcing out the critical coal-fired baseload generation we need to keep  the lights on.   Since Congress established a wind production tax credit in 1992, wind  power has been able to transition from an emerging technology to a  multibillion-dollar industry that is clearly commercially viable. That  is why we worked on a bipartisan agreement in 2015 to phase down and  sunset the wind tax credit at the end of 2019.   We had an agreement to do the phaseout, and the wind industry agreed  to it. I worked with Senator Thune and AWEA, the American Wind Energy  Association, and others to do it. And they agreed. We had an agreement.  That is why we are opposed to extending the PTC and offer an amendment  to strike it.   We saw what happened in California over the summer, and we can't  afford to have blackouts and brownouts during the coldest of winter  weather months. We, instead, must strengthen grid resiliency and  reliability by keeping diverse sources of generation available at all  times, including when the wind isn't blowing or the sun isn't shining.  That means baseload.   Instead of extending the production tax credit, we should be working  on making technologies like carbon capture and sequestration  commercially viable.   The American Wind Energy Association states on its website that  ``growth in the wind industry is expected to remain strong when the PTC  is fully phased out.'' Why, then, are we considering another extension  of this credit when the leading trade association expects to see strong  growth for the wind industry without the credit?   We need to bring back a level playing field for competition in our  electricity markets and reverse the trend of taxpayers continuing to  subsidize a mature, multibillion-dollar wind industry.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and ensure that the  wind production tax credit sunsets.   With that, I would like to ask for some words from my cosponsor on  the amendment, Senator Cramer.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague Senator Cramer and  turn to my colleague Senator Lankford.    Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague Senator  Lankford. Also, we would like to thank Senator Alexander, Senator  Barrasso, and others who support this legislation.   With that, I ask unanimous consent that our motion to concur with the  amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I would ask my colleague from Oregon--and I did have him  in North Dakota. We had a great time, and I appreciate his coming out  to see the energy we produce in our great State.   I would ask the gentleman for his help on carbon capture  technologies. We put funding in place to advance those carbon capture  technologies, and I ask for his help and his colleagues' help in that  endeavor.    I thank my cosponsors on this amendment and our efforts  will continue.   I yield the floor.   