 Mr. President, as the ranking member on the Committee on  Energy and Natural Resources, I was especially pleased by President  Trump's decision to withdraw the nomination of William Perry Pendley to  lead the Bureau of Land Management, or the BLM, as we know it.   I said, when the President nominated Mr. Pendley, that he is the  wrong person in the wrong job in the wrong place and he should not  continue to lead the Bureau. The job of the Director of the Bureau of  Land Management is not  [[Page S5595]]  just another Presidential appointment. It is a sacred public trust. The  Director of the BLM is one of the principal stewards of our public  lands, as we are hearing from our colleagues today.   The Bureau of Land Management manages 245 million acres of public  land, more land than any other Federal agency. The Bureau is required  by law to manage the lands committed to its care not only for the  benefit of our own generation but for many generations to come. It must  carefully balance the use of the land for grazing, timber production,  mineral development, recreation, fish and wildlife, and the protection  of scenic, scientific, and historic values of the lands.   In addition to the 245 million acres of surface land the Bureau  manages, it also manages another 700 million acres of subsurface  mineral rights. It manages over 63,000 oil and gas wells and over 300  coal leases, covering nearly half a million acres of coal lands, which  together contribute about $4 billion a year to the Federal Treasury.   It manages another 55 million acres of timberlands and 155 million  acres of grazing lands. It issues permits for wind, solar, and  geothermal energy development. In addition, more than 10 years ago,  Congress designated about 36 million acres of the lands by the Bureau  as National Conservation Lands because of their outstanding cultural,  ecological, and scientific value.   National Conservation Lands include 28 national monuments covering  nearly 8 million acres, over 260 wilderness areas covering nearly 10  million acres, nearly 3,000 miles of wild and scenic rivers, and nearly  6,000 miles of historic and scenic trails.   Nearly 50 years ago, Congress declared that the public lands managed  by the Bureau of Land Management should be retained in Federal  ownership and managed to preserve and to protect them without permanent  impairment of the productivity of the land and the quality of the  environment.   That, in a nutshell, is the job of the Director of the Bureau of Land  Management: to be a good and faithful steward of the people's lands so  that we might pass them on to our children and our children's children  in at least as good condition as we inherited them, if not better.   Mr. Pendley is not the right person for this job. He spent most of  his adult life arguing against the principles upon which our Federal  land management policy is based. He has called for the sale of the  public lands that the BLM is responsible for retaining and managing. He  has called for the repeal of the Antiquities Act, upon which our  national monuments were founded.   He has denigrated the National Environmental Policy Act, the  Endangered Species Act, and the Clean Water Act--the bedrock of  environmental laws that the Bureau must operate under. He cannot be a  good steward of the public domain if he does not believe the public  should have a domain and he rejects the laws designed to preserve and  protect it.   His extreme views and inflammatory rhetoric do not stop with the  public lands. He has denied the existence of climate change, comparing  it to a unicorn, and those who acknowledge it as ``kooks.'' He said  that the Black Lives Matter movement is based on a lie. He has said  that undocumented immigrants are ``like a cancer.''   Mr. Pendley was nominated for office once before. People might not  realize that. President Reagan nominated him to be the Assistant  Secretary for Energy and Minerals in 1983. While his nomination was  pending, he was being investigated by the Department of the Interior's  inspector general and the Department of Justice for possibly violating  conflict of interest rules.   The Senate returned his nomination to the President, and he was not  confirmed. The General Accounting Office later found that the Interior  Department sold the coal leases in the Powder River Basin at roughly  $100 million less than their estimated fair market value. The below- market sales were made possible by a change in bidding procedures  approved by Mr. Pendley on the same day that he had dinner with the  coal industry lawyers.   The inspector general referred the matter to the Justice Department  for possible criminal prosecution. The Justice Department ultimately  declined to prosecute Mr. Pendley, but he left the Department shortly  afterward.   For all of these reasons, I think Mr. Pendley is the wrong person to  lead the Bureau of Land Management. Today, he is still there in the  position and having the authority to run the BLM. He should not be  there a minute longer.   The President was right to withdraw his nomination. Now it would be  right for the President to remove him from that position. Withdrawing  his nomination doesn't solve the problem. We know that. It is  outrageous that he continues to exercise the authority of the Director,  despite having been nominated and withdrawn for cause.   Although the legality of his role is a matter of opinion in the  courts right now, Mr. Pendley is still, in effect, running the Bureau  of Land Management and continuing to make decisions negatively  impacting millions of acres of public lands of significant importance  to millions of Americans, all without the proper vetting and approval  of the Senate. That is simply wrong, and I believe on both sides of the  aisle we know wrong when we see it.   He should resign, Secretary Bernhardt should remove him, or the  President should step in and remove him. Withdrawing his nomination was  a step in the right direction, but for all the reasons I have outlined  today, William Pendley is not qualified to be managing--to be  managing--our Nation's treasured public lands in any capacity. So I  would ask President Trump to kindly and respectfully step in and remove  a person who does not justify the office that he is holding right now  and the decisions he is making for all of us in our generation and in  generations to come.   I yield the floor.   