 Mr. President, we not only can and should; we must. We  must pass this legislation. I was very disappointed to see that my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle chose to vote no on even the  ability to move forward with debating this legislation tonight. To my  colleague, the Democratic leader, who said this is a highly partisan  bill, that is just not the case. Let's put the partisanship aside.  Let's do what is best for the American people.   I will tell you that over the past several days, through a bipartisan  process, we sat down, Democrat and Republican, in four different task  forces, and we put together the elements of this legislation. As a  result, the bill before you tonight, the one we are talking about,  reflects Republican priorities and Democratic priorities. I am going to  take the time to walk through it and to talk about some of those so  people understand what is in this legislation.   I was pleased to see the Democratic leader say at the end that he  believes we can figure this out over the next several hours. He said 24  hours. I hope it is not 24 hours. We need to move and move quickly. We  see what the markets are doing globally. We know what the markets are  going to do here. We have seen what the futures are. More importantly,  we see the impact in our States, among our citizens.   The Democratic leader says more money needs to be put against  hospitals and States and workers. There is an unprecedented amount of  money for all three of those in this legislation--unprecedented--and  necessary, by the way, because we are in a crisis. But to say there is  nothing here that helps hospitals, oh my gosh--I am going to talk about  this with specificity. But $100 billion--$100 billion--is a pretty good  start, and $75 billion of which goes to hospitals.   To say there is nothing for workers--the unemployment insurance  provisions in here comes from the Democratic side of the aisle. It is  the most generous unemployment insurance plus-up by far ever in the  history of our country. It actually adds more money to unemployment  insurance than the current system has. By the way, it adds eight times  more funding into the unemployment system for the rest of this year  than is currently being spent. Think about that. That is not generous?  By the way, we Republicans also agree that those who lose their jobs  through no fault of their own should be able to get a generous  unemployment check while we work through this coronavirus and get our  economy back up and going again.   Let me walk through some of this. This coronavirus is something that  is urgent for us to address. It has closed businesses. It has closed  schools. It has changed every aspect of our daily lives. It has left us  uncertain, and for many Americans it has left them isolated--literally,  self-isolated.   It has put tremendous strain on our healthcare system and that is why  this legislation addresses that. Our amazing first responders, our EMS,  and our police officers are doing their part, as well as our  physicians, our nurses, and other medical professionals who are on the  frontlines combating this disease. God bless them.   It has also done great damage to what was a strong and growing  economy. Only a few weeks ago, we had unemployment numbers that were at  a 50-year low. We had 18 straight months of employment increases and  over 3-percent wage growth every month. But now--now--we see businesses  shuttering. We see thousands and now millions of Americans unemployed  through no fault of their own.   The purpose of this legislation is to allow people to get back on  their feet, to allow us to get back to normalcy. Extraordinary times  like this require us to unify us as a country, and I see it in my home  State of Ohio and around the country. Everybody has a role to play.  Everybody needs to be practicing social distancing, as they call it,  being safe, washing your hands frequently, using hand sanitizer--all  part of the strategy of flattening the curve, as you have seen when you  see Dr. Fauci and others giving presentations. It is to reduce our own  exposure so that we don't overwhelm our Nation's public health system.  We can all play a role in this, and in the end that would help save  lives of our family members, of our neighbors, of our friends, of  people we may never meet but we come in contact with, and the most  vulnerable in our society. If we follow the guidelines put out by the  Centers for Disease Control--the CDC guidelines--we are going to be  safer. We are going to save lives.   It all depends on all of us doing that, but it also depends on what  we do here in the U.S. Congress, both in slowing the spread through the  legislative efforts I will talk about tonight but also in getting this  economy back on its feet so that people can get back to work and get a  paycheck and begin to make ends meet.   In Ohio we have been taking the lead on this. We have been pretty  aggressive at saying that people need social distance and restaurants  and bars need to close. We were one of the first couple of States to  say that schools needed to be closed. Governor Mike DeWine and our Ohio  Department of Health Director, Dr. Amy Acton, have done a good job in  responding to this unprecedented crisis. As of this morning, we have  247 confirmed cases and 3 deaths.    By the way, the first person to die in Ohio was a man I know. I knew  him and I respected him. His name is Mark Wagner, Sr., of Toledo, OH.  He contracted this disease and succumbed to it.   Unfortunately, we are going to see more cases and more deaths, but we  are doing the things to contain this and to begin to slow the spread,  and that needs to happen at every level, including here. That is why  this legislation is so important to pass tonight.   Two weeks ago, Congress started this effort by passing the first  major relief effort, called phase 1, which was $8.3 billion to address  the healthcare needs associated with this pandemic. Ohio has already  received $15.5 million from that first phase 1 legislation.   Of course, much more needed to be done. One way we can find out what  needs to be done is by listening to the people who have been most  affected by it, and we have been doing that. I was joined by an  infectious disease expert from the University of Cincinnati, Dr. George  Smulian, on a Facebook Live townhall last week, so that we could answer  questions from Ohioans about this crisis. He told us what the  healthcare system needs. We know what it needs, and we are responding  through this legislation.   Last week, I hosted conference calls, while I was here in Washington,  with a number of heavily impacted groups, including the hospitals in  Ohio and a number of healthcare providers, with  [[Page S1904]]  our food banks, with small business owners, with workers of nonprofits,  and the charities out there on the frontlines doing all they can to  help. We spoke to employers of all sizes. We had conference calls with  hotels and restaurants and more.   Hearing directly from these stakeholders helped us understand what  the needs are, and this legislation reflects what the needs are in our  communities. We have to continue to listen to people because things are  changing, and as there is an evolving threat out there, Congress needs  to be evolving as well.   Last week, we passed a second major bill called the phase 2 package,  which provides Federal funds to individuals exposed to the virus to get  healthy. As an example, if you want to get tested for the virus, that  is now free.   Our hospitals needed more resources to combat the health crisis. So  we provided more care--more funding--for our healthcare network. I am  glad the President signed that bill immediately into law. We also  provided resources to State Medicaid Programs, to shore up hospitals  concerned about losing revenue, with no elective surgeries anymore, and  concerned about being overwhelmed by an influx of individuals suffering  from the virus. Phase 2 also provided needed help in terms of masks,  gowns, and other protective gear, and more funding for the antiviral  therapies that are coming. That is incredibly important--that people  know that if they get this virus, they could have something like  Tamiflu for the regular flu. That gives them a lot of reassurance and  comfort, and it is necessary to protect the health of our citizens.   That phase 2 legislation also puts more money into getting the  vaccine as quickly as possible. It is not going to be here soon. It  takes a while to get a vaccine going, but it will be done at an  unprecedented speed because of the funding we are putting into it.   It also provides for expansion of emergency food assistance,  including for children who rely on free or reduced lunch from their  school cafeterias who no longer have access to those meals. It also  provides paid sick leave and family leave benefits of someone who had  to leave work because of the coronavirus and who now knows they can  still pay their bills. Most importantly, this paid leave is provided  100 percent from the Federal Government, dollar for dollar, not on the  small businesses. That is very important. Larger businesses tend to  have paid leave, but now we have a way for everybody under 500  employees to be able to get that paid leave through the Federal  Government reimbursement.   It is good we acted on phase 1 and phase 2, as I have talked about,  but it is clearly not enough. Things haven't gotten better in the  meantime in the last few days. They have gotten worse. A lot more has  to be done to contain this virus and to help people weather the storm  in the meantime.   The crisis is unprecedented. In the best interest of public health,  we effectively have chosen to pump the brakes on the economy. We  decided to do that for our country because it is in the best interest  of public health. That means businesses of all sizes--small, medium,  and large--are having to either shutter their doors or slow down their  production, letting people go. So many parts of our economy now are  feeling the pain of this slowdown.   Applications for unemployment in Ohio this week, as compared to last  week, increased twentyfold. That means there was a 2,000-percent  increase in Ohio on claims for unemployment. Obviously, that is  overwhelming the system.   I have worked with my colleagues nonstop over the past 3 days to put  together this phase 3 package that will provide some relief to the  millions of American workers and small businesses that have made our  country and our economy the strongest in the world.   Our goals are simple. First, slow the spread of the virus. Again, if  that doesn't happen, people's health is at risk, and the negative  economic impact that is hurting so many families will continue. So  slowing the spread of the virus is not just about the virus; it is also  about our economy.   Second, we need to help employers to continue paying their employees  through this crisis. Our objective should be to keep people at work and  keep them connected to their employer as much as possible. That is  where they get their healthcare. That is where they get their  retirement, for the most part. That enables us to be able to ensure  that as we ramp up our economy, it can ramp up more quickly because  people will be there at work. There will not be the process of hiring  and retraining. So one of our objectives in this legislation is not  just to slow the spread of the virus but also keep people at work to  the extent possible.   And third, recognizing that not every employer is going to be able to  keep employees. Even those who have some business going, don't have  enough business. We want to be sure we are providing the resources to  help those individuals. These are the people who are falling between  the cracks. They can't stay at work because their work no longer has  any revenue. We need to assist those people.   Again, as we talked about, Ohio's unemployment claims have  skyrocketed but so have unemployment office claims all around the  country. The bottom line is that our country is not going to be able to  come back until we slow the spread of this virus.   I am pleased to say that the phase 3 package we have negotiated, by  the way, accomplishes all three of those objectives--all three. We do  it through four major policy areas. We do it now, right away, to bring  relief to the people we are representing, which is why we have to pass  this legislation and pass it now.   First, in terms of helping people, this phase 3 package provides  direct payments. These are direct payments--checks to individuals of  $1,200 per person. If you are a couple, it is $2,400, and then it is  $500 per child. That check getting out to people will give people some  extra dollars to make the difference in being able to pay bills, paying  the car payment, paying rent, and being able to put food on the table.  It will give people some comfort to know that there is at least a  little help coming directly and quickly.   For those who are out of work, these checks also serve as a bridge to  getting into the new unemployment insurance system I will talk about  now. The checks are going to be necessary in that in most States it is  going to take a couple of weeks--a few weeks--in some States several  weeks to set up this new system. In Ohio, they say 2 weeks.   This is the most significant expansion of our unemployment insurance  system in history, by far. It is going to significantly expand the  number of individuals who are eligible to receive benefits,  particularly self-employed, so it broadens those who qualify for  unemployment insurance. These folks, by the way, have never been  covered by unemployment insurance before.   What is more, it provides a flat increase of $600 per week per person  in the unemployment insurance system. This means that for low- and low- medium-income folks, let's say 40- to 50,000 bucks a year, they will  essentially have wage replacement now through unemployment insurance.  This is a big difference. In Ohio, unemployment insurance is one-third  of your wages for those same individuals. Now it will be topped up.   So, to the point earlier that this is a highly partisan bill, I am  sorry. This legislation reflects the priorities of Democrats and  Republicans, and this is an example of that, and we have to acknowledge  it.   Is the bill perfect? No. No bill is perfect, certainly not when we  are trying to respond to a crisis like this. We are pumping out more of  our Federal tax dollars and borrowing Federal Treasury dollars than  ever in the history of our country through this process when you add up  this phase 1, phase 2, and phase 3. This is a bill that represents  ideas from both sides of the aisle.   Are there some things that might need to be adjusted by the Democrats  in order to support it? I guess so because that is what we heard  tonight from the Democratic leader, but we cannot start over, folks.  This legislation does exactly what so many Democrats have called for  and Republicans, to help people have the financial security and to pay  their bills and to stay afloat. And, by the way, we also provide  funding to the State employment offices so they can have Federal  funding to deal with their administrative costs as they shift to this  dramatically new system that is being provided  [[Page S1905]]  through this legislation. So that is for people directly.   Second, the stimulus package is going to provide relief for small  businesses that are trying to stay afloat by ensuring they are going to  have access to credit and liquidity needed to adapt and retool their  businesses to weather this storm. We are going to accomplish this in a  couple of ways.   One is through a major expansion of what is called the Small Business  Administration 7(a) loan program. This is going to go through  businesses that are currently providing funding to small businesses. It  is the community bank. It is the savings and loan. It is the credit  union. It is the regional bank. Wherever people are banking, they will  be able to get these loans directly.   Specifically, we are providing hundreds of billions of dollars in  loans to small- and medium-sized businesses that they can use for a  variety of expenses, including payroll, including paying rent, paying  mortgages. And, by the way, if they use it for that, the loan is  forgiven. It really converts into a grant. If they use it for payroll-- again, let me repeat--to keep workers, because that is one of the  objectives here, if they use it for rent, and if they use it for  mortgage payments, the loan is written off entirely. It, essentially,  is a grant to those small businesses. This is why the small business  community is excited about this because they want to keep their  employees, and they want to keep their doors open. They are waiting,  and they are on the edge of their seats seeing what we do tonight and  tomorrow. I have talked to many businesses back home who are saying: I  can wait until Monday, but I can't wait any longer. I am bleeding cash.  I have no revenue. I want to keep my people. I want to try to keep the  doors open. You have got to give us some help.    As I said before, the best way to protect workers and get our economy  back up and running is to enable employers to keep paying their  employees. This new program for small- and medium-sized businesses does  just that.   For businesses that might not be eligible for these SBA loans, the  phase 3 stimulus helps provide immediate liquidity through a number of  different ways. These are larger businesses--say, over 500 employees.  One is through the Tax Code. Specifically, our bill includes provisions  that allow businesses to put cash in the hands of companies so they can  keep their workers employed and be ready to get back and running when  the crisis is over.   By the way, these tax incentives are things like not having to pay  the employer side of the payroll taxes--the 6.2-percent FICA tax. That  is incredibly important to these businesses. They told us that--give us  a break on that for this year, 2020, and we can keep more people, and  we can keep our doors open. That is probably the biggest single one  here.   But guess what. In 2021 and 2022, they have to pay that back. So the  best part of these tax incentives is that the large majority of them  are simply timing changes, meaning that while they are direct  deductions in taxes now in 2020, when they need it, much of that  deduction is going to be paid back in the coming years. Based on the  rough estimates we have seen, these tax provisions could provide up to  $500 billion in immediate cashflow increases, again, with more than  half of that paid back to the Federal Government during the budget  window.   Third, the phase 3 package takes precise and targeted measures to  relieve particularly distressed industries that are at risk of  hemorrhaging jobs and closing down if we don't. I know the Democratic  leader said he doesn't think help should go to businesses. I understand  the Democrats actually want to give more help to some businesses. So I  guess they will pick and choose the businesses. But in this case, these  are the businesses we all know are, unfortunately, facing the  possibility of shutting down unless we do something.   Think of the airline industries. Think of the airlines that right now  have seen their passengers be reduced by 80, some say 90, percent.  Think of the airports that are closing. Think of the hotel businesses.  Think of the other traveling tourism businesses and entertainment  businesses. So these folks will be able to access what is called the  Exchange Stabilization Fund to get a loan. And by the way, they will  have to pay back that loan, but it is the Federal Government stepping  in and providing a backup so they can get that loan and be able to stay  in business.   So those are the three aspects that help workers, that help small  businesses, and that help with regard to all businesses. And then,  finally, and I think most importantly, perhaps, in this legislation is  funding and policy changes to slow the spread of the virus.   Frankly, as I view this, this is to buy time. It is to buy time for  us to increase the capacity of our healthcare system. This phase 3  package ensures that the men and women who are on the frontlines of  this epidemic every day get more support. It increases funding, which  we have already increased once, but an additional $4.5 billion for the  Centers for Disease Control. Of that $4.5 billion, $1.5 billion of it  has to go to the States. This is going to ensure we can continue to  monitor and respond to this virus as this pandemic continues.   I think this is incredibly important. It also sends more money out to  ensure that we can get these antiviral therapies going. Think of  Tamiflu for influenza, something that is key to dealing with this  crisis as we begin to turn things around and is going to be having an  ability to keep people healthier should they contract the virus.   To me, maybe the most important parts of this legislation--because I  believe in order to get our great country back on track and get people  back to work, we need to have some sort of metrics in place. So maybe  the most important part is to get better data on the true public health  risk that is out there, and this legislation does that. It enables us  to know, now that we have more and faster testing out there, finally-- and we needed more testing earlier--but now that we have that, how many  new infections are there? That is probably the best measurement we have  out there. How many new cases are there? This legislation provides the  funding and provides the direction to support the public health  officials at every level to get better and more acceptable results  every day and report it to the CDC--from your local health authority  and from your State Department of Health, those should be reported  publicly every single day. Also, all that data needs to come to the  National Centers for Disease Control every day so that we can know  truly what is going on out there because we don't have that data now.  And to have that data, it is going to give us a better understanding to  measure both the crisis as it stands and the healthcare risk we all  face but also to measure success as it starts to happen because we need  to be able to measure that success to get people back to work, to get  people back to their families, and to get people back on track in their  lives.   So this bill provides an increase in funding for healthcare--a major  increase--in addition to what I just talked about. It provides about  $100 billion for hospitals and all healthcare providers, with $75  billion being appropriated to HHS in order to support our healthcare  systems in a more flexible manner and about $30 billion in Medicare  payment increases for hospitals that are directly treating patients  with coronavirus. This is what they are asking for.   Finally, we have a couple of key proposals that we championed over  the years to support people with disabilities, particularly in  institutional settings that are at increased risk of contracting the  virus. That is in this legislation. We have the Money Follows the  Person Program, which supports transitioning Medicaid beneficiaries  from dangerous settings--which some of them are in where there is a lot  of activity--into home-based, long-term care. That is important too.   As I said earlier, these are exceptional times. Not since the  influenza epidemic of 1918, 102 years ago, has the United States of  America been so swept up by a healthcare crisis like this. I am pleased  with some of the steps we have taken so far at the Federal level to  respond to this pandemic. We talked about them tonight.   We have phase 1, $8.3 billion focused on healthcare; phase 2,  beginning the process of helping workers and helping people get back to  work and helping healthcare more; and now phase 3, which is an  unprecedented amount of support from American taxpayers to  [[Page S1906]]  ensure we can get people through this, help them weather the storm.   And, again, these are Republican ideas and Democratic ideas through a  process where we had four task forces that were bipartisan. We worked  long hours. I was part of one of those task forces. Now we need to get  this legislation passed. The American people deserve it. They deserve a  Congress that does everything in its power to minimize the damage  caused by the coronavirus.   So let's put the partisanship aside. Let's get to a vote on this  package as soon as possible, not 24 hours. Let's do it now. Let's do it  now. We owe that to the people we represent.   I yield the floor.    I say to the Senator, I appreciate your yielding for a  question. It is not really a question but a comment to thank you for  your support of this on the other side of the aisle. This is a  bipartisan effort to ensure that we can be able to do our duty.   As the legislative branch, article I, we have responsibilities here.  This is our duty station. Yet, if we cannot be here, we still need to  be able to do it remotely. And with the technology that we now have, we  have the ability to do that, as my colleague from Illinois said, in a  safe and secure way. So I thank him for his advocacy of this. My hope  is that we can have this as a possibility, should we not be able to  gather.   I think what has happened in the last several hours, as we learned  about our colleagues who are self-quarantining, one who tested  positive, as I understand it, it is very important that we have that  ability. So I thank my colleague.   I yield back   