 Mr. President, if I go back 2\1/2\ years, there was a  lot of turmoil and a lot of conversation about the President of the  United States' stepping into the issue of trade, specifically in North  America, for it was a settled issue between Canada and Mexico. Yet we  asked the question: Should we revisit NAFTA?   At that time, a lot of people said that the trade agreement was  complicated and hard and that we shouldn't touch the trade agreement,  that we should just leave it alone. With all of its warts and all of  its faults, it is what it is. Don't touch it.   Instead, the President chose to step into the North American Free  Trade Agreement and say: No. We are going to renegotiate this deal. It  is 25 years old, and it needs a revisit. Against the many people who  were pushing against him, he pushed through that and said: Let's start  all over again.   In the past 2\1/2\ years, the Trump team has renegotiated the deal  and brought it back to Congress, where it passed with overwhelming  bipartisan support--finally--in the House. It sat on the House's desk  for 14 months before those in the House took it up. Finally, after 14  months of their not taking it up, they passed it with overwhelming  bipartisan support. It has now gone through the Committee on Finance  here in the Senate with a vote of 25 to 3, and it is headed toward the  floor of the Senate, to the President's desk, and finally to getting  this issue resolved about North American free trade.   Now, with this issue between Canada and Mexico, I have had some folks  ask me: Why is it such a big issue? It is a big issue because Canada  and Mexico are our No. 1 and No. 2 trading partners in the world. Far  and away, Canada and Mexico are our biggest trading partners. Our trade  relationships are essential not just to every border State but to  States like my State. In Oklahoma, Canada and Mexico are also our  biggest trading partners. They are vital to our economic success and  have been key to what has happened in NAFTA over the last 25 years.   Yet now, after all of the negotiations and all of the noise, we  finally have a revised area in trade that has needed to be addressed  with things like intellectual property, which is a new chapter in what  is now called the USMCA or what people call NAFTA 2.0. This simple  change is not so simple when trying to deal with intellectual property  theft, whether it be a camcorder recording in a movie theater somewhere  in Mexico, whether they sell pirated copies, which has been an issue,  or whether it is just the ownership of patents and how things actually  move from place to place. Can you confiscate property that is illegally  produced at each border crossing, and how is that managed? That is  addressed for the first time in this agreement--trying to protect  American patent owners from not having their patents stolen once they  leave and go to Canada or Mexico.   Twenty-five years ago, digital trade was not a major issue in NAFTA.  Obviously, it is a very significant issue for  [[Page S118]]  us now, and it is finally addressed in this agreement, as well as how  we are going to handle digital services and digital trade.   There is something very important to my State, and that is  agricultural trade and how agricultural goods are going to move. Now,  the vast majority of this USMCA agreement lines up exactly with the  NAFTA of the past, but there are some areas that were problems in the  NAFTA of the past that had to be addressed, one of those being wheat,  for instance.   When wheat moved from the United States into Canada, Canada  downgraded that wheat to a lower grade so that our Oklahoma farmers  would get less profit for that because they downgraded that wheat as it  moved across the Canadian border. This agreement settles that issue.  That was just Canadian protectionism. It wasn't that the wheat was of a  lesser quality; it was just that they were trying to protect Canadian  wheat instead of having an actual free market.   This is a free trade area. The tariffs and the fees go away across  North America if we can have a level playing field. In areas in which  we don't have a level playing field, like with Oklahoma wheat competing  with Canada's wheat, we are taking that on. I feel confident that  Oklahoma wheat is going to win that fight, and given this new trade  agreement, we get the opportunity to win that.   There are lots of areas in the agreement that help us in agriculture.  There are areas in digital trade and intellectual property, as well as  in multiple other areas of manufacturing. That is why so many groups  and so many individuals have looked at this and have gone back to the  Trump administration, with some of my Democratic colleagues  begrudgingly swallowing hard and saying: This is a good agreement for  America in the future. This does help us keep jobs here. This helps us  continue to have a level playing field for trade.   I congratulate the Trump administration for its 2\1/2\ long years of  very hard work to get to this agreement. I am grateful that we are  nearing an agreement with China, a phase No. 1 agreement. It is much  needed because China has been a major problem in intellectual property  theft and in its having an unfair trading platform. I am grateful the  administration has also completed the first stage of a major, new trade  agreement with Japan. Those are our four largest trading partners, and  it is significant to our economy not just in the short term but in the  long term that we continue to have stable free trade areas in as many  places as we can.   I am confident in the American worker. When given the opportunity to  compete, we win because of the quality of our work, the quantity of our  work, and the creativity of the inventions we put out from this  country. Let's keep doing that. Let's keep winning around the world in  our trade agreements.   I yield the floor.   