 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her kind comments.   I am delighted to stand in support of H.R. 6800, the HEROES Act. It  also could be called the confidence in the American people act. This  legislation responds to the reality that 85,000 Americans have lost  their lives, 36 million Americans are now without a job, and our  thoughts are with those families today. I am delighted with the role  that Ways and Means once again played in stepping up to deliver  solutions in this latest legislation.   The HEROES Act includes a second round of economic impact payments to  keep Americans afloat and infuse money back into the economy;  liquidity, every economist has suggested that. This round is more  substantial for families and fixes shortcomings in the first round of  payments, like those of college students and others who are dependent  on parents.   We enhanced the employee retention tax credit. This expanded version  will come to the aid of 60 million Americans. The majority of those are  employees of small and midsized businesses.   April brought about the worst plunge in unemployment since the Great  Depression. We have extended the weekly Federal unemployment  compensation payments through January of next year.   Frontline workers who haven't stopped since this crisis began we now  know are under great pressure. We provide flexible funding to support  childcare and adult daycare for essential workers to ease this burden.   The Ways and Means Committee also had a role in providing provisions  to address the persistent public health emergency that is gripping the  Nation. We led the charge to make investments in nursing home safety,  as these facilities have been ravaged by the virus.   This bill was a team effort. Thank you to my Ways and Means Committee  members for their contributions, who have been working around the clock  with the staff to get this legislation before us today.   I sought out Jay Powell's advice on this from day one, in the early  beginning. He said just a couple of days ago, ``additional fiscal  support could be costly but worth it if it helps avoid long-term  economic damage and leaves us with a stronger recovery.''   This is about balance right now. This is about relief and stability,  which will hasten recovery. What we are doing here today will be, in  fact, a fact-based approach to save the lives and livelihoods of the  American people.   