 Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member McCaul for  yielding me time to speak on the Global Child Thrive Act.   Madam Speaker, as a lifelong FBI special agent, one of my greatest  concerns has always been the welfare of children, not just children in  the United States, but children across the globe.   Last year, as the ranking member indicated, I partnered with my  colleague, Congressman Castro, to introduce H.R. 4864, the Global Child  Thrive Act. This legislation was written to support young children and  their families across the globe.   Our bill has wide bipartisan and bicameral support. Our bill passed  unanimously out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee in December. We  have over 60 bipartisan cosponsors. It is also supported by over 50  civil society groups working in child and international development.   Madam Speaker, I want to particularly thank Catholic Relief Services,  whose constituent advocates in my home district have championed these  issues.   Madam Speaker, the Global Child Thrive Act would update our foreign  [[Page H4674]]  aid programs to increase their effectiveness and multiply developmental  outcomes for young children. Currently, less than 1 percent of our U.S.  budget goes towards international aid programs, so it is critical that  those limited dollars do as much good as possible.   Today, the need for the enactment of our bill into law is more  pressing than ever, as experts agree that the secondary impacts of  COVID-19, such as increased food insecurity, malnutrition, and  violence, will fall most heavily on vulnerable children. The Global  Child Thrive Act will support the most vulnerable children to withstand  the secondary impacts of the coronavirus, as well as future deadly  pandemics.   Moreover, this act is crucial, since children around the globe are  continuously affected by widespread poverty and the lack of adequate  childcare. According to UNICEF, extreme poverty in low- and middle- income countries is the reason why 250 million children 5 years old and  younger may not achieve their full developmental potential.   Moreover, UNICEF reports that at least ``75 million children under  age five live in areas affected by conflict.'' Conflict increases a  child's ``risk of toxic stress'' and ``can inhibit brain cell  connections.''   Finally, Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Castro for his  bipartisanship and his hard work on this legislation. I also thank  Chairman Engel and Ranking Member McCaul, all fine colleagues of mine,  for their cooperation and support on our legislation.   As we all know, Madam Speaker, focusing on children is focusing on  our future, and I urge all of my colleagues, Democrat and Republican,  to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 4864, the Global Child Thrive Act.   