 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I came to this building, this Capitol,  about 12 hours ago today and, first thing this morning, recorded a  video to share on social media with the folks back home, who have been  eagerly asking: What is up? What is happening? What is next?   My message has been simple.   After days of disagreement--of tussling and of fighting and of  crafting--we have a deal, and I am ready to vote. Let's move forward.  Twelve hours later, I stand in a largely empty Chamber and have an odd  sense of foreboding, as I have all day and as have many of my  colleagues, wondering: What is taking so long? What is the delay? What  are the remaining issues? I am hopeful, prayerfully, that we will  resolve what is left, move to this Chamber, take up the text, vote it  out, send it to the House, send it to the President, and send $2  trillion in support to our Nation.   Let me tell you, as I have waited today and yesterday and as I have  taken phone calls for whatever reason from the folks from Delaware,  they have all asked: When will the Senate act?   We have faced a challenge over the last couple of days between our  moving swiftly and our moving wisely in putting together a package of  this size. With no hearings, no committee proceedings, and no detailed  legislative process, it means that there will be rough edges, and it  means there will be mistakes in this bill. Is it perfect? No. In fact,  some of its pieces, as we will discover as it unfolds, are far from it.   But across the country, just as in this Chamber, there is that sense  of anxiousness, of anxiety, of when will it happen.   Just a few weeks ago, the vast majority of our country was reading  about coronavirus--about COVID-19--as something happening in distant  countries on far shores. They read about sort of concerns about its  alarming and rapid growth in Asia and then Europe.   Things started changing as the stories got more dire and more grave,  as public health officials began to predict a global pandemic, as the  World Health Organization announced it is a global pandemic, as  scientific leaders began to say that the United States would inevitably  be touched by it, as our colleagues from the Pacific Northwest told us  about how their communities were being affected, as extended contacts  and friends and acquaintances on social media and then on the press  shared how they are or members of their community had become infected.   As it began to move across our country, it began to impact a  remarkable range of institutions, from baseball to Broadway, the  closures of all sorts of treasured American institutions--every major  sports league, every major public gathering.   And as now State after State has issued edicts, as city and county  alike all over our country have asked people to close their restaurants  and their bars, their small businesses, as hotels have no occupants, as  airplanes fly with no passengers, it has become haunting, eerie--the  sense of an imminent disaster.   Just before coming over here I read an article in the New York Times  about how in my region, in the mid-Atlantic, it has hit. In the borough  of Queens, in the city of New York, in a public hospital known as  Elmhurst, yesterday, 13 patients died, and in a riveting account, the  nurses and the doctors describe a catastrophic situation.   Public health officials, trained health aids stretched to their  limits, tested as they hadn't been before, struggling to get personal  protective equipment, to have enough ventilators, to have enough ICU  units--and I will tell you, as, over the last couple of days, I have  talked with the heads of each of our major hospitals, folks who run  skilled nursing facilities, nonprofits, community health centers, as I  have heard from nurses and doctors, I know the level of alarm and  concern has steadily risen in recent days.   So, folks, tonight, as I stand here on the floor of the Senate, I am  mindful that our Nation is suffering; that there are people all over  the world but particularly here in the United States, in the States  that we represent, who are anxious, who are unemployed, who are  uncertain, in some cases now, too many who are infected, who are  hospitalized.   It has come home to this Chamber, as one of our colleagues has tested  positive and one of our dear colleague's husband, her spouse, is  hospitalized.   We know Members of the House and the Senate, of our staff, and our  immediate community have been touched by this dread disease.   And we are now at a critical moment in our modern history-- simultaneously a public health crisis and an economic crisis.   I have heard too many people say it is unprecedented. It is not  unprecedented. The United States and our Nation have made it through  tougher times than this. To say that the Great Depression and the  Second World War, the Civil War, and the Revolution, the hard work of  labor organizing, and the desperate work of throwing off the shackles  of segregation and of Jim Crow--to say that those weren't tough and  difficult struggles misses the significance of our history and the  things we have overcome.   But for most of us, for most of our families, for most of our  communities, this wave, this pandemic, this virus, and the combined  health and economic disaster that is upon us may be the greatest test  we have faced.   So how have we answered thousands of businesses already closed,  millions of people already unemployed, and a nation fearful of a  pandemic swamping the resources of our hospitals and our health system?   Let me just speak briefly in broad strokes to what is in this bill,  which we have, finally, ultimately, hammered out after days of  disagreement and in advance of our getting the final official text.   In the broadest strokes, the help that will be delivered to the  American people by this bill starts with individual assistance-- something the President has championed and the Democrats have  supported. We have had different versions of it, but we have roughly  agreed on $1,200 to every adult citizen making below $75,000, and it  phases out to those making below $100,000. With $500 per child, your  average family might well see $3,000 to $4,000. These checks will come  out in weeks, delivered directly, for those with direct deposit through  the IRS, or by check to those harder to find who haven't filed recently  but are eligible.   This is a remarkable, direct support to help millions of Americans  have cash in their family checkbook to get through the unexpected  hardship of these next few months.  [[Page S2044]]    There is more than $100 billion in this bill to support our health  workers on the frontline and the hospitals that make our public health  possible--possible.   You heard that story about Elmhurst Hospital. In my own home State,  there are hospitals rural and urban, large and small, that without this  support will struggle to make it through this period.   The heroes of this period are the folks who are working--the folks  who are cleaning offices, trains, hospital rooms, often without enough  protective equipment, often without healthcare themselves, often  without adequate pay; the folks who labor at night here in this Capitol  in our offices to make sure they are clean and safe from this virus we  can't see; the folks who work in public hospitals, work long hours.  They are orderlies, they are nurses. They are the paramedics and the  ambulance drivers who deliver the sick, and they are the surgeons and  the doctors who direct their care.   And one of the things I am proudest of that is in this now that was  not in this several days ago is $150 billion to States and counties and  cities.   In the 10 years I spent in county government, I came to deeply  respect the men and women who help keep our county government afloat  and our communities stronger, safer, and healthy. This direct support  to the States and the counties on the frontlines of this pandemic will  help them get through.   There is a $500 billion fund--the subject of much discussion and  debate--that, as initially written and proposed, would help sustain  some of our iconic industries like the airlines, but with almost no  transparency, in terms of the terms of the loans or the grants that  would be given, and almost no restrictions on how the companies to  receive them might use them, for what purposes.   Broadly speaking, after days of fighting, we have come to agreements  that I support and embrace--restrictions on buybacks and dividends and  executive compensation, guarantees against layoffs and against the  destruction of collective bargaining agreements, and, broadly speaking,  transparency and accountability.   One of the things I am most proud of is that there will be now an  accountability board, a pandemic response accountability committee-- both an inspector general, a special inspector general, and $80 million  in this bill for the operation of that accountability committee.   Let me move, since I see I have a number of colleagues who have  joined me on the floor, to just a few other points, if I could.   There is $350 billion in this bill for the Small Business  Administration to disburse to small businesses and to nonprofits all  over our country, with an incentive structure to change it from a loan  to a grant to those who would retain or rehire their workforce.   As I have heard from restaurant owners, from hotel owners, from those  who work in bars and restaurants and hotels in my community, those are  the folks who have been hit the first and the hardest by the closures.  This provision will allow those small businesses to reopen quickly and  robustly when we get on the other side of this pandemic.   And I look forward to working with my colleagues, with the SBA  Administrator, with the SBA lenders in my State and around the country  to make sure it is done well and that it is done quickly.   I wrote the bill that added $17 billion more so that 320,000 current  small businesses, which are current SBA loanholders, get 6 months of  relief, moves them off the agenda of the SBA staff and the SBA lenders  to clear the decks for them to administer this $350 billion.   And I supported Senator Cardin in his initiative to add $10 billion  for small, rapid grants to the most severely impacted businesses and  nonprofits.   This section of the overall bill, where Senators Rubio and Collins,  Cardin and Shaheen negotiated most of it, struck me as the most  bipartisan and most productive.   There is so much more in this bill I could speak to--the ways in  which the resources of the Federal Reserve are going to be deployed to  help medium businesses and small businesses; the ways in which the  private sector in my home State has stepped up to partner and to  deliver critically needed resources, whether it is refurbishing  ventilators or donating surplus PPE from the construction sector that  they don't need today, or it is the university that has closed its  research labs but makes its resources available to our hospital.   There are some remarkable efforts in partnership going on in my  community and around the country. But at the end of the day, we have a  critical question: Is this bill perfect? No.   Could we improve it by more time here arguing with each other,  offering more minutes, debating further? Yes.   Is there something I badly wanted that did not get in this final  bill? Absolutely   We have had nine major States delay their elections, delay their  Presidential primaries because of this pandemic, and I urged that a  bill written by my colleagues Senator Klobuchar and Senator Wyden, that  I joined, be added in text to require every State to have a plan to  vote by mail during this pandemic. If our troops could vote from the  frontlines in the Civil War and Second World War, by gosh, we should  have a plan to vote even if this pandemic continues.   I was disappointed that text is ultimately not going to be in this  bill. Four hundred million dollars will be in to help those States that  want to vote by mail, to expand and strengthen vote by mail, and I will  be back. I will be back to insist on this provision in the next bill.   But as I have said to many colleagues in the last few days, we cannot  all get everything we hope for and want and believe to be important in  this bill. We must put down the tools of partisanship and personal  interest and sectional concerns; we must put down some of the things we  most hope for; we must put down the tools with which we so often fight  each other; and we must come together and take up the implements of  national purpose, of compromise, of consensus, and deliver these  resources to a nation anxious, concerned, and at times even angry at  all of us in the Senate for what they see as too long a delay.   So with that, let me just say to my colleagues, it is time for us to  take up this bill, rough-hewn as it is, pass it through this Chamber,  send it to the House. I urge my colleagues in the House to pass it  promptly, send to it the President's desk for signature, and then let  us all get to the hard work of making sure we do the best we can for  the people we represent with this historic stimulus package, this  remarkable coronavirus relief package that is going to deliver $2  trillion of assistance and support to communities all over our country.   I yield the floor.   