 Madam President, reserving the right to object,  I appreciate my colleague's focus on higher education. We both had the  same opportunity as Governors to do what we could to drive the cost of  tuition down and help make sure all of our students had the opportunity  to get jobs.   My goal as Governor of Florida and now as a U.S. Senator is to keep  education affordable and obtainable and make sure students are able to  get a job when they graduate.   I know we all are focused on giving our students every opportunity to  succeed. My colleague has not shown how giving a blank-check bailout to  higher education institutions helps our students--students who are  burdened with mountains of debt from these same 4-year colleges and  universities.   The solution is not to give more money to support the bloated  bureaucracies of our public and private colleges and universities. And  these very institutions continue to raise tuition year after year on  our students and their families. That is why I am instead offering my  STEM Act, which is a real solution to make higher education more  affordable and ensure schools are preparing students for jobs. We made  similar reforms in Florida, and our students are getting a world-class  education at a price they and their families can afford. My goal is to  bring this success to our Nation.   The STEM Act does three things:   One, it eliminates all Federal funding for institutions that raise  tuition. There is no reason universities should be raising costs on  students even one bit. Businesses have to get more productive every  year; so should our colleges and our universities.   Second, my STEM Act holds colleges and universities accountable for a  portion of student loans.   By forcing universities to take more responsibility, they will have  more of an incentive to actually prepare students for careers, instead  of encouraging mountains of debt and degrees that don't lead to jobs  after graduation.   Third, the STEM Act creates a metric system for accountability to  make sure all higher education institutions are doing their most  important job--preparing our students for the opportunity to get a  great job, build a career, and become more self-sufficient.   Our higher education system doesn't serve the student, and we need to  change that. Our students deserve more than just throwing money at our  institutions with no checks and balances.   It is time we get something done to fix the problems in our higher  education system and realign incentives. I look forward to working with  my colleagues to do this.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator Kaine modify  his request and, instead, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions be discharged from further consideration of S. 2559, the  Student Training and Education Metrics Act, and the Senate proceed to  its immediate consideration; further, that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Reserving the right to object, I look forward  to working with my colleague from Virginia to do what we both tried to  do as Governors and we were both focused on. It is hard to keep tuition  down and to make sure kids get jobs at the end. It is a very difficult  job.   I don't think what we are doing today with Senator Kaine's proposal  is going to help our students get the jobs they need and help keep our  tuition down. I don't think we ought to be giving a blank check to our  institutions that raise tuition on our students. We all know the  mountains of debt--over $1.7 trillion--which is ridiculous. I think my  STEM Act is a solution to help make our higher education system  affordable and ensure kids have a future. But, unfortunately, we are  not able to do that today. I respectfully object. I look forward to  working with Senator Kaine to try to do everything we can to get this  tuition down and help our kids get jobs.   