 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, earlier today, Senator Wicker and I  participated in a call with our colleagues from Europe in regard to  their efforts to pass a Global Magnitsky statute. I mention that  because this month represents the 11th year anniversary of the tragic  death of Sergei Magnitsky.   Sergei Magnitsky was a lawyer in Russia, representing a client when  he discovered the largest tax fraud in modern Russian history--$230  million. Many of the individuals who were involved in this corruption  had ties with Russia's President, Vladimir Putin.   Mr. Magnitsky did what any lawyer is required to do, he reported the  fraud that he discovered to the local authorities and asked for them to  investigate the issue. Instead, Sergei Magnitsky was arrested. He was  imprisoned without parole; he was beaten; he was tortured; and he died  in jail without medical help in November of 2009.   There was no accountability for the perpetrators of this atrocity. In  fact,  [[Page S7065]]  many of the perpetrators actually were promoted. We did something about  it. As members of the U.S. Helsinki Commission, we recognized, in 1975,  the countries that comprise the Organization for Security and  Cooperation in Europe, including Russia, committed to basic human  rights for their people, that their government would be honest, and  that they would protect the rights of their citizens. The Helsinki  Final Act gave every member state the right to question what other  States were doing in compliance with the Helsinki Final Act ideals.   It is legitimate for us to question what Russia is doing in carrying  out its commitment, so we did something about it. I introduced  legislation known as the Magnitsky Act. I want you to know this was a  bipartisan effort. My partner in the passage of the Magnitsky Act was  the late Senator John McCain. My partner in passing the Global  Magnitsky Act and the Magnitsky Act is my good friend Roger Wicker, who  is the chair of the Senate U.S. Helsinki Commission. We worked together  to make sure that we passed these Magnitsky Acts.   What does it do? What it does is the country does not hold  accountable those who violate basic global human rights of its  citizens; we impose sanctions. Those sanctions prevent that individual  who perpetrated these acts from visiting the United States through the  issuance of a visa or participating in our banking system.   Why do we do this? Today, we heard from Mr. Kara-Murza, who is one of  the activists on human rights in Russia who has been poisoned twice by  the Russian Government. What he said about the mantra of the Kremlin  is: They steal at home and spend abroad. They don't want their money in  rubles; they want their money in dollars. So if we can prevent them  from using our banking system, we can really make it hurt.   Let me tell you how important this is. It is not limited to Russia.  We passed the Global Magnitsky law so it applies to all of the  countries where they have violations of human rights.   If you want to know how important this statute is, it has been  reported that when Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump met in their first summit,  the first order of business that Mr. Putin raised with President Trump  was: Can't we get rid of these Magnitsky sanctions? Believe me, they  work. They deter bad actors around the world. It is a legislative  initiative.   We talked today about the fact that there is one common ingredient in  every country that has considered the Global Magnitsky laws; that is,  the initiative that comes from the legislators. There is a natural  reluctancy among the bureaucrats not to burden themselves with  additional problems in their bilateral relations with other countries,  but we recognize that it is important for America, the leader of the  democratic world, to speak up for democratic principles. We passed the  legislation. We didn't have the enthusiastic support of the  administration, but we did it. We did it. And we wanted it to be a  global standard that was clear to human rights violators, but we needed  other countries to act.   I am pleased that other countries have followed the U.S. leadership.  The UK, Canada, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania all have enacted similar  Global Magnitsky bills. Currently, Japan and Australia are considering  similar bills and legislation.   Today, we had a very positive conversation with the European Union,  and they are considering the passage of a Global Magnitsky bill. This  would add 27 countries to be covered under the Sergei Magnitsky law.   This is one of the, I think, leading moments for the U.S. Senate and  Congress, where we showed leadership on behalf of speaking out for  those otherwise who would not be heard. As a result of our action, I am  convinced we saved many lives, and we made it clear that in our foreign  policy, we will embed that in the principles that have made this Nation  the great democratic Nation it is, the respect for universal human  rights   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   