 Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank my friend from Idaho  for yielding.   The legislation before us today represents the same failed policies  that have caused recent fire seasons to be some of the worst on record.  Over 1.5 million acres of new wilderness is created by this bill.   Mr. Chairman, a wilderness designation is the most restrictive land  classification that can be levied by the Federal Government. Wilderness  designations such as these greatly hinder Federal and local agencies'  ability to actively manage our forests, which greatly enhances the risk  of catastrophic wildfires.   Just yesterday, I hosted a roundtable with stakeholders from across  the West representing local governments, State governments, animal  conservation groups, and private companies that are developing  groundbreaking technologies to help us fight the threat of catastrophic  fire. Every participant in the panel spoke to the importance of  actively managing our forests.   Wildfire prevention saves money, human lives, and protects vital  wildlife habitats. Passage of this bill puts all of that at risk.   This legislation also represents another attempt by the majority to  legislate in other Members' districts without their support. I  especially want to highlight the provisions in this bill dealing  particularly with Colorado.   The vast majority of the 700,000 acres of new wilderness created by  this bill in Colorado is located in Mr. Tipton's district and Mr.  Lamborn's district. Neither of these Members support this legislation.   This is a continuation of legislation previously taken up by this  House restricting mining in my district that I did not support and  attempts by the other side to restrict mining in northern Minnesota and  oil and gas development in ANWR completely against the wishes of local  Members of Congress as well as people back home.   Legislation like this before us today flies in the face of what  public lands legislation should be. It should be locally driven and  benefit those who live closest to those lands.  [[Page H1063]]    This legislation does none of that. Instead, it applies a top-down  approach to land management, with decrees being levied from Washington,  D.C., without the input of local stakeholders.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this disastrous  legislation.   