 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in opposition to the resolution on the floor today.   We agree that the Community Reinvestment Act is an important historic  piece of legislation; however, my friends across the aisle have  mischaracterized the OCC's rule and the modernization of the CRA.   First, the OCC's rulemaking process has been thorough, inclusive, and  thoughtful. CRA regulations haven't been meaningfully updated since  1995, making this a much-needed effort to ensure that regulations match  the modern state of the banking industry.   The OCC's processes included input from the Federal Reserve, the  FDIC, the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, and the  Treasury Department.   The OCC has also provided ample opportunities for regulated banks and  consumer groups to weigh in.   What is more, 94 percent of the participants in the OCC's advance  notice of proposed rulemaking agreed that the current CRA rules lack  objectivity, transparency, and fairness. These are the central themes  to the OCC's modernization effort.   Second, this update to the CRA is needed now more than ever. One  large bank's CEO recently noted that due to COVID-19, the bank has seen  somewhere between a 17 and 35 percent increase in online banking  activity that normally would have been conducted in the branch.  Americans are turning to online banking resources now more than ever.   The OCC's rule takes steps to be able to ensure that CRA dollars go  into low-to-moderate income communities where banks draw their  deposits, not only where they have bank branches. This change is  forward-looking and should mark significant new opportunities to be  able to invest in underserved communities.   Third, the OCC regularly and meaningfully engaged with critics in the  rulemaking process. The OCC met with community, consumer, and academic  groups to listen to their concerns about the proposal.   These meetings resulted in real changes to the OCC's final rule,  including a raised exemption threshold for community banks, changes to  the treatment of mortgage origination and sale on the secondary market  for purposes of the CRA, and raising the bar for a passing grade in CRA  examinations.   This rule creates greater accountability between banks and the  communities they invest in under the CRA. It adds transparency in what  activity counts towards CRA credit, creates fairer and more timely  examinations, and allows CRA performances to be measured assessment  over assessment and against other banks. It also allows banks to reach  new constituencies with their CRA dollars, most notably disabled,  Tribal, rural, and farm populations.   By increasing regulatory certainty and reducing subjectivity, the OCC  CRA modernization rule can equal greater lending and investment in  underserved communities.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the measure.   