 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I arrived in Washington in November of  2001, after winning a special election to serve the people of the Third  District of Arkansas in the House of Representatives. This was shortly  after 9/11. It was a very anxious time in the Capitol. Every one of my  colleagues sought to find ways to work together to move major pieces of  legislation that helped to return a sense of normalcy that Americans so  desperately sought in the wake of the attacks.   Given all that is at stake right now, for the life of me, I have not  been able to understand why we have been struggling to do the same now.  Thankfully, the partisanship that has dominated these past few days has  subsided. It appears that we can now move forward after this  unnecessary delay. This is vital, as we simply can't afford to wait.   Many small businesses in Arkansas, large cities and small towns  alike, are being forced to close during this crisis, both to protect  the public health and to protect their families, and because of a  shrinking customer base, as customers are urged to stay home to reduce  the spread of the disease. The unexpected closure for small business  owners, through no fault of their own, may prevent many of them from  reopening by the time this is behind us. Those employed at these  operations will be among the hardest hit financially by this crisis.   Entire industries that are so vital to our Nation's economic well- being have been crushed by the pandemic. The markets have taken a huge  hit from the crisis, putting the retirement security of millions of  American in jeopardy. And it certainly is expected that our healthcare  sector, strained to capacity right now by the coronavirus pandemic,  will face substantial challenges moving forward.   Congress's initial responses in the wake of the crisis were  promising. We  [[Page S1990]]  came together to pass a comprehensive package to dramatically increase  efforts to prevent the spread of the disease, treat Americans diagnosed  with COVID-19, and support research to find a vaccine. President Trump  signed this bipartisan, bicameral emergency supplemental appropriations  package that provided a surge in funding throughout the government-- almost $8 billion--to meet the growing challenge that we face. It  promotes a government-wide approach, channeling the collective energy,  knowledge, and talents of Federal, State, and local public health  officials and healthcare professionals to mitigate the spread of the  coronavirus and treat those who have been affected.   After that, the House passed a bipartisan relief bill, the Families  First Coronavirus Response Act, which includes paid emergency leave for  workers, widespread coronavirus testing at no additional cost to  patients, and enhanced food security initiatives. Last week my  colleagues in this Chamber worked together to approve the Families  First Coronavirus Response Act and the President signed it into law.  This was the first step in our efforts to provide economic relief. We  called it phase 2.   There are several aspects of that bill that the Senate would like to  have changed, but for the sake of urgency and building bipartisan  momentum, we passed the bill without a single amendment. We put our  differences aside and did what we believed was in the best interest of  the American people.   Republicans and Democrats alike agree that much more is needed to be  done to help individual Americans negatively affected by this crisis  and to stave off a massive economic disaster. That is what this bill  does.   Phase 1 provided immediate funding to address the public health  crisis. Phase 2, the Families First Coronavirus Response Act, marked  the beginning of our efforts to address the coronavirus's economic  impact. It has a number of helpful provisions in it, but we have to  build upon this effort and provide more relief to the American people  in this time of crisis.   That is phase 3, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security  Act, or the CARES Act, the bill we have been trying to move forward  over the past several days.   The CARES Act would send billions of dollars to hospital and  healthcare providers, the men and women on the frontlines of this  fight. It would send direct checks to millions of American households  to offset the economic impact of the crisis and allow for a much needed  injection of liquidity into our economy. It would expand unemployment  insurance while stabilizing industries to prevent mass layoffs, and it  would provide dramatic relief to the lifeblood of our economy--our  small businesses--which have taken a massive hit as a result of this  unprecedented public health crisis.   We have to create a path to economic recovery. We have told Americans  they can't go to work, and businesses are unable to operate. As a  result of these measures, individuals are not getting a paycheck. We  need to be helping them through this crisis by providing cash payouts,  expanding unemployment benefits, and by ensuring that there will be  jobs for Americans to return to when this is all over.   This is not a stimulus plan. It is an existence plan. We have to pass  this bill. Americans have lost faith in many of their institutions.  This is a defining moment. We have a chance to restore some of the  confidence that is being lost by putting the needs of the Nation over  the wishes of the political class. Americans are looking toward  Washington for leadership right now. This is a true test.   Let's pass this bill and show that we can rise up to the massive  challenge before our Nation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   