 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to make an observation here because  I have been serving for quite some time in the U.S. Senate, and a lot  of the things that are said on the Senate floor are not really all that  significant, and yet the Members who are delivering messages believe  they are or they wouldn't be doing it. This is what it is all about.  This is a deliberative body. Some things are maybe not all that  significant, but what I am about to say is significant, so I would like  to have the attention of anyone who wants to know that in the midst of  all of the problems that we are facing now, some good things are  happening.   I want to mention something that is significant that I don't think  you have thought of, I say to the Presiding Officer; that is, tomorrow  is the 354th day of the year, and that is very significant. That is  December 19. People have not stopped to realize the significant things  that have happened on December 19 throughout our history and the  history of the world, going all the way back to December 19 of the year  1154. That is when Henry II became King of England. We haven't really  thought about what that means to us today, but we will before long.   In 1843, December 19, Charles Dickens wrote ``A Christmas Carol.''  That is the most watched, listened to, and sung event every Christmas.  And it has been for all that time.   In 1932, December 19, the British Broadcasting Corporation--that is  the BBC; we are all familiar with that--but that is when it started. On  December 19, they began transmitting overseas. That was the beginning  of a whole new world of knowledge and understanding.  [[Page S7650]]    In 1950, December 19, NATO named General Dwight D. Eisenhower as  supreme commander of the Western European defense forces.   Then, in 1972, December 19, Apollo 17, the last of the Apollo moon  landings, returned to Earth   Then, in 1984, December 19--I remember this well because I was in  Hong Kong when this happened--that was when China signed an accord  returning Hong Kong to the Chinese sovereignty. A lot of people thought  it was a good idea at the time to accept the people from Hong Kong. I  was there, and look what has happened now after all these years. I  would have to say that created a hysteria that has continued to this  day.   Then, in 1998, December 19, U.S. President Bill Clinton was  impeached. I was there for that one too. That was December 19, 1998.   The event that is more significant by a landslide is what happened on  December 19 of 1959. On December 19, 1959, my wife Kay and I got  married. That makes tomorrow our 61st wedding anniversary. Just look at  all of the beauty that has followed us--20 kids and grandkids, all of  that in a 61-year period of time.   What I want to say is the beautiful life that we are still having  together--and, Kay, I love you more now than I did 61 years ago.   I say to the Senate leadership that you better get this last vote  done by tonight or you will have to do it without me because I am going  to be with Kay on our anniversary on Saturday, our 61st wedding  anniversary.   To everyone else out there, as you celebrate the birth of Christ at  Christmastime, I am going to say to you: Merry Christmas and God bless  you.   I yield the floor.   