 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this morning we have a tale of two  Chambers. The House of Representatives is starting the consideration of  the Justice in Policing Act, led by Senators Booker and Harris in the  Senate and developed in conjunction with the Congressional Black Caucus  and House Democrats. The bill represents comprehensive, strong, and  enduring reform to police departments--the most forceful set of changes  in decades.   This morning in the Senate, Republicans have put forward a separate  proposal, led by the Senator from South Carolina. We have had the bill  for only a few hours and are reviewing it. But what is clear is that  the Senate Republican proposal on policing does not rise to the moment.   The Democratic bill has a ban on no-knock warrants in Federal drug  cases, while the Republican bill only requires data on no-knock  warrants. The Democratic bill has a publicly available nationwide  database on misconduct so that abusive police officers who are fired  can't simply go to another department somewhere else in the country and  get hired. The Republican bill would keep such information almost  entirely shielded from public view.   The Democratic bill bans choke holds and other tactics that have  killed Black Americans. The Republican bill purports to ban choke holds  but only those that restrict air flow and not blood flow and provides  exceptions when deadly force is needed. Who determines when deadly  force is needed? Usually the police themselves, and the courts defer to  their judgment.   The Republican bill is silent on racial profiling and militarization  of local police departments. Perhaps the greatest flaw in the  Republican proposal is that it is missing real, meaningful  accountability for individual officers' misconduct.   There are no reforms to qualified immunity or pattern-and-practice  investigations. This is critically important. Without accountability  measures, we are merely exhorting police departments to do better,  crossing our fingers and hoping for the best. Real change comes with  accountability. As drafted, the Republican bill doesn't provide it.   So we have a tale of two Chambers, a glaring contrast between a  strong, comprehensive Democratic bill in the House and a much narrower  and much less effective Republican bill in the Senate.   I am glad that Leader McConnell has listened to our demands to bring  a police reform bill to the floor before July 4. I have been asking him  to do this for 3 weeks, and he has finally acceded. I am glad  Republicans have finally joined the debate and put a proposal forward  after much pressure from the public, but any final product must be  strong and must make real and lasting changes.   I would note that before we even get to a police reform proposal, the  Republican leader wants to approve a circuit court judge next week--the  same week we are doing police reform--Cory Wilson, who has a record of  hostility toward voting rights, a nominee who advocated baseless claims  of voter fraud and called the concern over voter suppression and  discrimination ``poppycock.''   This is sort of the two-faced approach that we are seeing. On the one  hand, they say ``Let's do something on police reform''; on the other  hand, they put judges who come in exactly the opposite place and take  away voting rights and healthcare rights and other things that affect  African Americans, particularly poor African Americans.   The Senate is a place where you can succeed only if you convince a  substantial majority of the Chamber that you have good legislation. We  expect our Republican colleagues to work with us to make significant  improvement to any legislation in order for it to pass. We take this  very seriously. As we continue to review the Republican legislation, I  will be talking to my caucus about the best way to strengthen it. This  bill will need dramatic improvement.   Let me be clear. This is not letting the perfect be the enemy of the  good. This is about making the ineffective the enemy of the effective.   Let me repeat that. This is not about letting the perfect be the  enemy of the good. This is about replacing what is ineffective with  what is effective, and we must have effective change.   The question is whether legislation will bring the change we so  desperately need or fail to make those necessary changes, fail to stop  more Black Americans from dying at the hands of police. The question  is, Will it work? The Republican bill has a long way to go to meet this  moment.   There has been a lot of talk from the Republican leader about the  ``real challenge'' of getting onto a bill. Frankly, the ``real  challenge'' is whether Senate Republicans will be able to step up to  the plate and rise to the moment and vote for a bill that actually  solves the problem. We Democrats are going to try to get them there   It is important that we get this right. The vast majority of  Americans from both political parties support far-reaching reforms.  More than 75 percent want to allow victims of police misconduct to more  easily sue police departments for damages. More than 80 percent want to  ban choke holds and racial profiling. More than 90 percent support  independent investigations of police departments that show patterns of  misconduct. And more than 90 percent want a Federal requirement that  police wear body cameras. There is no reason to scribble our changes in  the margins or nibble around the edges of this large, difficult, and  persistent problem. The moment calls for bold action, and the American  people are behind it.   Yesterday, we all got a good look at what window dressing looks like  and what we must all strive to avoid. The President celebrated an  Executive order that supposedly was about police reform, but, in  reality, it was a bunch of vague incentives to suggest that police  departments change on their own. The ``ban on choke holds'' wasn't a  ban at all. Even the databases proposed by the Executive order are  voluntary, not mandatory.   Befitting the seriousness of the topic, the President spent the  majority of his press conference demonizing peaceful protesters, airing  unjustified grievances against past administrations, and suggesting  that the same scientific expertise that led to the AIDS vaccine will  lead to a COVID vaccine. Of course, there is no AIDS vaccine.   This was the President's conference on police reform--unbelievable  what he said at this serious moment.   We have to do a much better job here in Congress. The President isn't  going to lead on these issues. He is not going to engage with the  legislation or propose effective reforms. He is too busy threatening to  sue news organizations over unflattering polls.   We, in the Congress, have to take up the mantle, and I am glad we  will be turning to this subject next week. We must all set our sights  on achieving real, strong, effective reforms to police departments in  America.   I yield the floor.   