 First of all, Madam Speaker, I want to thank  Chairman Takano. I give a special thanks to him and the ranking member,  Dr. Roe, for including my bipartisan bill, H.R. 2435, the Accelerating  Veterans Recovery Outdoors Act, into the COMPACT Act that is before the  House today.   Madam Speaker, introduced 17 months ago, I am especially grateful for  the work of my good friend and colleague, Adam Smith from Washington,  the lead Democrat cosponsor, and all 135 cosponsors of this  legislation.    I give special thanks to the veterans service organizations, outdoor  groups, and a big, big shout-out to the Sierra Club for the  groundbreaking work that they have done to advance outdoor recreation  as an extraordinarily effective form of healing for veterans suffering  from PTSD and other psychological consequences from their service.   The legislation requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to  establish an interagency task force on the use of public lands to  provide medical treatment and therapy to veterans through outdoor  recreation. Specifically, the task force duties include, first, to  identify opportunities to formalize coordination between the Department  of Veterans Affairs, public lands agencies, and partner organizations  regarding the use of public lands or other outdoor spaces for health  and wellness for veterans; second, to identify barriers that exist to  providing veterans with opportunities for health and wellness through  the use of outdoor recreation on public lands or other outdoor spaces;  and, third, to develop recommendations to better facilitate the use of  public lands or other outdoor spaces for promoting wellness and  facilitating the delivery of health care and therapy for veterans.   After an exhaustive--hopefully, an exhaustive--analysis, it will  provide recommendations to Congress within a year.   Madam Speaker, research has increasingly shown that outdoor  recreation can be an effective form of treatment and healing for  veterans. While many nonprofit organizations, VSOs, and other private  companies have used the outdoors to help heroes to heal, providing  greater coordination among key Federal agencies will open up new  opportunities for veterans on public lands and other outdoor spaces.   Blake, Madam Speaker, is a combat-wounded veteran who served in Iraq.  By the time he was 20, Blake was suffering severe depression, anxiety,  and post-traumatic stress disorder. He made three visits to the VA  psychiatric wards and a substance abuse rehab. But it was a backpacking  trip led by the Sierra Club Military Outdoors that changed his entire  perspective.   With growing hope, Blake began participating in backpacking trips to  Yosemite, Ansel Adams, and Big Bend. He says the shared experiences in  the outdoors taught him purpose, self-reliance, and the healing powers  of nature. Blake reports that ``in every Texas sunrise in the desert or  a sunset next to an alpine lake, I found more beauty and serenity than  I thought existed. I found camaraderie with other veterans in sharing  our stories on the trail. The darkness of what I had experienced  couldn't compare to the light I saw in watching a trout swim in the  Merced River with Half Dome looming nearby. And when the depression,  anxiety, and everything else that comes with PTSD creeps back into my  life, I know just what to do: Strap on a pack and get outside.''   Madam Speaker, I urge support for the legislation, and I thank my  friends for including it in this bill.   