 Madam Speaker, I look at the nutria, and I  have to disagree with my friend from California. I feel like I see  swamp rats on the floor all the time. But I do appreciate him bringing  the actual species here to help folks understand what it is that we  deal with.   Madam Speaker, I have come on this House floor many times to describe  the coastal challenges that we have in Louisiana. We have lost 2,800  square miles of our coast. And I remind my colleagues that if the State  of Rhode Island lost 2,800 square miles of their coast, we would have  49 States today.   Nutria is part of the problem. It is an invasive species. The  population in my home State is nearly 4.5 million people, yet we have  an estimated 20 million nutria. It is an extraordinary figure.   If we could count them in the Census, we would have an additional 27  Members of Congress. We are having infestation without representation,  and we need to do something about it.   In Louisiana, we have a thing where if you can't beat it, you eat it.  So, we have even tried. We have tried to do nutria fajitas. We have  tried to fry it. We have tried everything. It is not my favorite, Madam  Speaker, but this really is a huge problem.   Very seriously, we have 20 million nutria, and they cause the  destruction and damage of tens of thousands of acres of our coastal  wetlands every single year.   As my friends Mr. McClintock and Mr. Harder from California brought  up, it is things like levees, productive  [[Page H1210]]  estuaries, irrigation canals, and other things that have devastating  consequences.   This legislation does take some of the lessons learned from the  programs in Maryland and Louisiana and expands upon the flexibility of  dollars to actually not just work on eradication efforts but also do  some restoration work.   I thank the subcommittee chairman, Mr. Neguse, my friend from  Colorado; Mr. Harder; as well as the ranking member, Mr. McClintock,  for their work on this. This is a bipartisan bill. It is based upon and  enacts improvements that we have seen as a result of this program being  carried out in Louisiana and Maryland.   I am looking forward to this going over to the Senate, and I strongly  urge adoption of this important bill to help get this invasive species  under control to help protect our communities.   