 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the world today is in the clutches of  a pandemic disease that touches directly or indirectly pretty much  every human being on the face of the planet. It is costing us in lives,  in money, and in immeasurable human pain.   It didn't have to be this way. We could have been better prepared.  President Trump was left a detailed playbook from his predecessor, but  he ignored it. Trump did away with key safety systems like the National  Security Council's pandemic response unit. Once the pandemic struck,  Trump and his team assured us it would all go away in time--no urgency.   It is a cautionary tale, it is a lesson, and it brings me today for  the 270th time to call this Chamber to action on the issue of climate  change. We cannot wait flat-footed for the next foreseeable crisis to  engulf us. Climate change is a foreseeable crisis. It was indeed a  foreseen crisis--indeed, even foreseen by Big Oil--and it is an actual  crisis right now. It is a crisis we maybe can manage if we act swiftly  and decisively, but if we fail to heed the warnings our natural world  is screaming at us, we will be lost.   The fossil fuel industry runs a massive dark-money influence campaign  to foment fake uncertainty about climate change, but the evidence--the  evidence--is overwhelming. We see climate effects in harsher wildfires,  more frequent and intense storms, and more extreme heat waves. Mother  Nature's warnings grow clearer and louder every day. It is the ocean-- the ocean--that signals some of the strongest warnings.   The changes in our marine world are clear. Oceans are acidifying,  oceans are warming, and oceans are rising against our shores. These  changes are measured; they are not hypotheticals. They are measured  with thermometers, with tide gauges, with simple pH tests.   The tide gauges in Rhode Island don't lie about sea level rise. Sea  levels are up nearly a foot over the last century. In other areas of  the globe, sea levels have risen even higher, and the rate of sea level  rise is accelerating.   We just learned more about Greenland, whose melting ice sheet is an  enormous contributor to global sea level rise. Over a fifth of global  sea level rise since 2005 is Greenland ice melt. Last month, Greenland  broke its previous record for ice loss. Again, the pace of the melting  is accelerating.   A team at Ohio State University just released a new study of the  Greenland ice sheet based on 4 years of satellite data. The data showed  that Greenland poured an average of 300 billion tons of melted glacier  into our oceans every year across that period. But over the last two  decades, that rate of melting--that glacial collapse, as the scientists  put it--is up sevenfold from the earliest years they studied. The rate  is accelerating. That means that Greenland's ice is now melting so  quickly that winter snows that typically replenish these glaciers won't  keep up. We are now on course for the entire Greenland ice sheet to  disappear.    ``Glacial retreat has knocked the dynamics of the whole ice sheet  into a constant state of loss,'' said Ohio State's Ian Howat.   Greenland's glacial collapse portends dramatic and destructive sea  level rise. Scientists reckon Greenland holds enough water to raise sea  levels by about 20 feet. That puts my capital city of Providence and  Florida's major cities underwater. Antarctica holds enough ice to melt  and raise sea water levels 60 feet. So it is not hard to see the  problem--total coastal inundation.   But well before total coastal inundation, coastal property values  would plummet. Financial experts have been following the sea level  economic threat for years because a coastal property values crash would  radiate quickly through the rest of the economy. That crash creates  what financial experts call systemic risk--a threat to the entire  economic system. In 2016, the top economists for mortgage giant Freddie  Mac--which is no liberal environmental group--warned that climate- driven flooding along U.S. coasts will lead to economic losses  ``greater . . . than those experienced in the housing crisis and Great  Recession.''   It is not just Rhode Island. Pulitzer Prize-winning outdoors reporter  Bob Marshall has warned of losing essentially all of Louisiana south of  I-10. He said: ``Voting for congressmen who oppose emissions  regulations is a vote to drown this coast.''   It is not even just coasts. A new study out of the University of  Arkansas shows sea level rise could push inland water tables higher,  flooding communities many miles from the sea. We already see this  phenomenon in inland Florida.   Last, there is really no dispute about the data. A tide gauge is a  simple and ancient measure. But we see this and do nothing.   Another alarm bell is ringing in the ocean, and that is temperature.  Oceans are warming, and the warming is accelerating. The rate of ocean  warming has already doubled, and the ocean is projected to absorb up to  five to seven times more heat by 2100. Why? Because the oceans regulate  our planet's temperature by absorbing atmospheric heat. The oceans  indeed have absorbed over 90 percent of the excess atmospheric heat  fossil fuels have caused. If you think things are bad right now, we are  actually only experiencing 10 percent of the global warming we have  caused. The other 90 percent has been absorbed by the ocean. It is a  lot of heat. By one example, our oceans are  [[Page S5542]]  warming at the rate of multiple Hiroshima explosions worth of heat per  second--per second. There is not a lot of dispute here either, unless  you want to argue with a thermometer.   Ocean warming displaces fisheries, disrupts ocean currents, destroys  coral reefs, and depletes the oxygen levels and carrying capacity of  the sea. These are the kinds of changes that usually transpire across  geologic time. They are happening now.   Ocean warming sends its dangers ashore because that ocean heat energy  powers up storm systems. They power up into stronger storms, and they  power up faster. We just watched Tropical Storm Laura spin up into  category 4 Hurricane Laura in less than 24 hours. As Bob Marshall, the  Pulitzer Prize-winning Louisiana writer put it: ``High water  temperature [is] the crystal-meth of hurricane intensity.''   Warmer seas power up stronger storms, and they power up more storms.  The Atlantic has already generated a typical full year's worth of  storms, pumping out about 55 percent more energy than usual into  tropical storms and hurricanes. This year delivered the earliest ever  C-, E-, F-, G-, H-, I-, J-, K-, L-, and M-named storms--every single  one, the earliest of its name.   In 2019, 14 separate billion-dollar disasters struck the United  States, and the majority of them were hurricanes. In 2018 and 2019,  Dorian, Florence, and Michael slammed into our coasts. Year 2017  brought Harvey, the most significant tropical cyclone rainfall event  ever recorded; and Irma, the strongest storm ever recorded outside of  the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean, with sustained winds reaching 185  miles per hour; and Hurricane Maria, killing nearly 3,000 Americans in  Puerto Rico and laying waste to the island.   Ocean warming is altering basic operating systems of our planet.  Physical systems are altered; biological systems are altered; basic  features of the ocean are altered; and the change has just begun. Many  of these changes are oceanic, but some come ashore. We need to buckle  up.   The third ocean alarm bell is acidification. Oceans absorb not just  90 percent of the excess heat; they absorb about 30 percent of the  carbon pollution--the excess carbon dioxide from fossil fuel emissions,  and they have sucked up a lot of excess carbon. Since the Industrial  Revolution, oceans have absorbed about 525 billion tons of  CO2--22 million tons per day. That added carbon dioxide  chemically changes the ocean's pH, making oceans more acidic. It looks  like the oceans are acidifying at their fastest rate in at least 50  million years. As with warming and sea level rise, the rate of  acidification is accelerating. Again, there is no real dispute; pH  testing is pretty reliable stuff.   A new Texas A&M study shows carbon dioxide levels rising at alarming  rates in the Gulf of Mexico--bad news for shrimp, coral, and other  marine life that are highly sensitive to acidity. Texas A&M warns of  the acidification threat to the gulf's commercial fisheries, worth  roughly $1 billion per year.   The Woods Hole Institute made startling findings about acidification  of coral reefs triggering a kind of osteoporosis for coral, hampering  the organism's ability to grow skeletons. Reefs, of course, are the  nurseries of the sea. Without coral reefs, marine biodiversity plummets  and our oceans become unrecognizable.   The University of Alaska has an entire ocean acidification research  center because of the dangers to Alaskan fisheries. The lowly pteropod  is a base species along the northern Pacific coast. It is damaged in  acidified seas, and no one quite knows what becomes of that ocean food  chain when a foundation species like the pteropod collapses. We know it  is not good.   All of these warnings are stark. Our oceans are in crisis. Our  natural world hurdles toward a point of no return. Meanwhile, the  fossil fuel industry keeps deploying lies and political influence in a  carefully orchestrated covert operation run against our own government.   The fossil fuel industry's menacing climate denial apparatus has  captured one of America's major political parties. In the wake of  Citizens United, fossil fuel dark money has so thoroughly corrupted  American politics that Congress has lost an entire decade--the lost  decade--to industry mischief. Even today, we still fritter and dawdle.   Eventually, we will see the full contours of the covert operation the  fossil fuel industry has run against us as if we were an enemy nation.  One day will come a full accounting of this industry's wanton deception  of the American people. One day we will see just how much money this  industry paid for its malign influence and who accepted that money and  denied the science and ignored the problem. History will judge those  involved harshly, and deservedly so. It is a crime in progress against  our own children and the world they will inhabit.   After the lost decade of Citizens United, time is short to heed the  warnings of our oceans and end the fossil fuel pollution that threatens  them. It is truly getting to be now or never.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   