 Mr. President, a few weeks ago, on August 27, Louisiana  and southeastern Texas were hit by Hurricane Laura.   I say ``Louisiana'' because if you look at some of the press reports,  they say ``Southwest Louisiana,'' but the impact of Hurricane Laura in  Louisiana was much greater.   The storm came onshore in Southwest Louisiana in Cameron Parish. It  headed north, then moved northeast, and finished in the northeastern  part of our State.   I have seen the damage from the air and on the ground. I have never  seen a hurricane do this kind of damage in any State, much less  Louisiana.   The path of destruction is about 60 miles wide, starting in Southwest  Louisiana, running north, bending to the northeast, and it is about 200  miles long. We took it full in the face.   When you see devastation like this, when you go through something  like this, you start to understand that we human beings are a vain lot.  We think we can control nature, but nature controls us.   Our entire electrical system went down. Our water system went down.  Our internet went down. Our cable TV went down. It was a category 4  storm with winds of up to 150 miles an hour.   This storm was unusual in that winds were sustained and did not  dissipate as it got further inland. We took it full in the face.   Now, it doesn't do any good to complain. Louisianans are resilient  people. We live by the old Japanese proverb: ``Fall down seven times,  stand up eight.'' We are standing back up.   About 60 percent of our electrical power has been restored. We now  have water back. In some cases, there are still some boil orders  because the water is not clean. But we are deficient in one area, and  that is cable TV and internet, with an emphasis on internet.   I want you to understand I am not talking here about a mere  inconvenience. I am not talking about people missing their favorite  television shows. I am talking about kids' education; I am talking  about the ability to deliver healthcare; and I am talking about the  ability to conduct commerce. None of those things can be done in  today's world without the internet. The internet, particularly in  Southwest Louisiana, is provided by a company called Suddenlink.    (Ms. MURKOWSKI assumed the Chair.)   Suddenlink is owned--it was purchased by a company called Altice USA.  Its CEO is a gentleman whom I have not had the pleasure of meeting, Mr.  Dexter Goei, and I am here today to plead with Suddenlink to please get  our internet restored. Suddenlink has done such an abysmal job that  Suddenlink needs to change its name to Neverlink.   Suddenlink provides internet service to 150,000 Louisianans. I  haven't studied their financials, but let's say at $150 a month, if you  include the cable television part, Louisianans pay Suddenlink--soon to  be named Neverlink if they don't do a better job--about $23 million a  month.   Now, all of our public utilities have been working very hard.   Entergy has worked hard. AT&T has worked hard. CenterPoint Energy has  worked hard to get our utilities restored so that we can start  recovering.   Suddenlink has not worked hard. At one point, we had 29,000 people on  the ground helping us to restore our water system, helping us to  restore our electric power, helping us to cut trees, helping us to get  tarps on roofs. We had at most 300 representatives from Suddenlink--300  representatives to handle restoring internet for 150,000 Louisianans.   Suddenlink should be ashamed of itself. We have restored about 60  percent of our electrical power. We have restored about 16 percent of  our internet.   Once again, I am not talking about someone missing their favorite  television program. As the Presiding Officer knows, because you have  the same situation in Alaska, all of our public schools are not open,  all of our private schools are not open because of the virus. Many of  our kids are having to learn remotely, and they can't do it without the  internet. They can't.   The Presiding Officer is also aware of how the internet is integral  to the ability to deliver healthcare. I don't know a single business  today that can operate without the internet. Many of our businesses,  including our small businesses, because they can't have customers  coming into their shops, are doing a lot of their commerce over the  internet. There is just one problem in Louisiana. Because of Suddenlink  dragging its feet, we don't have internet, and we can't recover without  it.   I don't mean to be overly critical, but this has just gotten out of  hand. Every one of our public utilities has done a yeoman's work--has  done an extraordinary job--except the one--except the one. If Mr.  Dexter Goei is listening tonight--and again, I don't mean to be overly  critical. I plan to visit with him in the next couple of days. I think  he has finally agreed to come visit Louisiana.   We have three requests. First of all, we need workers on the ground.  You can't restore the internet service without people working to  restore the internet service, and let me say it again. Entergy, just to  pick one of our utility companies, has over 10,000 workers restoring  the power. Suddenlink, which provides internet for 150,000 people, has  a grand total of 300 people. It can't be done. We are currently not a  priority, even though 150,000 of my people write a monthly check to  Suddenlink.   No. 1, Suddenlink, respectfully, put some people on the ground to get  our internet restored.   No. 2, we need a local office for Suddenlink. They don't even have  one. Maybe it is because they don't have internet, but many people lost  their homes. At a minimum, they lost their roofs. They don't have cable  boxes.  [[Page S5730]]  They have to have somebody they can go to and say: Here is my old box.  Give me a new box. But Suddenlink doesn't even have a local office.   No. 3, I am going to ask Mr. Goei to please commit to our State  leadership to start giving us a daily update on restoring the service-- how many homes and businesses have been added each day.   Again, I know I am repeating myself, I don't mean to be overly  critical and we have been very patient in Louisiana, but the time has  come to call it like it is and say it like it is. At the rate they are  going, Suddenlink needs to change its name to Neverlink in Louisiana.  We cannot recover without internet--we can't do it--and Suddenlink link  has let us down.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   