 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member from Texas (Ms.  Granger) for yielding.   This amendment would increase, by 100,000, the funding to combat the  prevalence of female genital mutilation, FGM, around the world.   FGM represents a grave moral evil, irreparably compromising the  health and well-being of every woman and girl subjected to it.   The practice of FGM occurs in 30 countries, in particular, Egypt,  Indonesia, and Ethiopia, and has been performed on more than 200  million women and girls to date. Every year, 3 million more girls are  placed at risk, with most of the victims below the age of 15.   The long-term effects of FGM are wide ranging, including post- traumatic stress disorder, depression, flashbacks, self-harm, and  severe difficulties during labor.   In February, an Egyptian doctor was arrested for performing FGM on a  12-year-old girl, resulting in her death, at the instruction of the  girl's parents. The doctor conducted the practice without any  anesthesia and without having the appropriate surgeon qualifications.   To be clear, this is not an isolated case.   Egypt has banned the practice of FGM since 2008 and criminalized it  in 2016. The fact that it still happens to an overwhelming number of  young girls in that country, despite the strict legal measures,  illustrates the massive scope of this problem and the immense work  remaining for each of us   The U.S. must be unequivocal in condemning this disgusting, horrific  practice and lead the world in calling for it to end, and I urge my  colleagues to support this amendment.    Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Ms. Granger  from Texas.   I have three amendments included in this en bloc amendment.   The first one prohibits any funds in the State and Foreign Ops  Division from being provided to the United Nations Relief and Works  Agency, UNRWA.   In 2018, President Trump made the correct decision to defund UNRWA.  Unfortunately, this bill seeks to reverse course and provide funding to  this organization.   I remind everybody, this organization, rather than pursuing its  mission, chooses to foster and promote and anti-Semitism and violence  against Israelis. In spite of repeated demands by the U.S., UNRWA  continues this kind of abhorrent behavior.   The second amendment prohibits the EPA from using funds in this bill  to take retaliatory actions against States that fall short of the EPA- mandated Chesapeake Bay TMDL.   In 2010, the EPA seized the States' authority to determine their own  method of compliance and threatened to take over the water quality  plans if the States failed to comply.   These coercive measures have been tried and have failed. Water  quality has not improved since the federalization of the Bay clean-up  efforts. Preventing EPA from taking retaliatory action is imperative to  the success of these efforts.   The final one prohibits the EPA from using funds pursuant to Section  115 of the Clean Air Act.   Section 115 of the Clean Air Act allows the EPA to mandate State  emissions levels to whatever level the agency deems appropriate: if  they find emissions endanger a foreign nation; and the endangered  nation has a reciprocal agreement to prevent or control these emissions  in their own nation.   I urge adoption of these amendments.   