 Mr. President, I thank my colleagues who are here and for  all of the work that has been done around the Equality Act, not just  here in the Senate but also in the House of Representatives.   I want to make this very clear. You look at history, and you see that  the fundamental equality of all Americans has been denied for so many  generations--for women who fought for equality under the law and the  right to vote; for African Americans, who fought for equality under the  law. We have seen from our founding they have struggled to make real  the promise of this Nation--a promise of an ideal that we are all equal  under the law.   Our Founders--these imperfect geniuses--enshrined these ideals. This  Nation was not founded in perfection but in aspiration. The very  Founders themselves referred to Native Americans as savages. They  talked about women as not being equal citizens. They denied African  Americans full and equal citizenship. Yet these aspirational documents  were so profound that every generation of Americans has called to our  founding ideals to overcome the inequality that has been inherent in  our country.   Susan B. Anthony called to the founding documents for her equality  and the equality of women. Martin Luther King, on The Mall, called to  that check--to that promissory note--that it was time. Yet here we are,  in the year 2020, still calling for the full equality of all American  citizens when it comes to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender  Americans.   I think back to my own family--to my grandparents and great- grandmother--who talked about the excuses that were used to deny them  equality. There were religious excuses. I am a big believer in  religious freedom, but people sought to deny Blacks and Whites from  marrying. In fact, when Loving v. Virginia passed, the majority of  Americans were still against interracial marriage in this country.  Somehow, people were using religion as a shield from establishing the  fundamental ideals of this country. We overcame that.   These types of reasons were given for the dehumanizing treatment of  Native Americans, and these kinds of excuses were used to justify the  segregation of African Americans. In every generation, we fought and we  struggled and we came together--multiracial, multiethnic, diverse  coalitions--to overcome this.   This week, I was so grateful to see the decision of the Supreme  Court, but I was of mixed feelings about it. Why would it take an  action of the Supreme Court to justify what already is--equal humanity?  equal dignity? Why would it take so long for a country to say: ``In  this Nation, a majority of States cannot discriminate against you. You  cannot be fired just because of who you are''?   I hear the echoes of my own ancestry growing up in a country in which  children were told and saw clearly before them laws enshrined that were  bigoted and biased; that they were not equal citizens, and even though,  when we stand up in our grade schools, we have to say those words  ``liberty and justice for all,'' what does it mean to a child who is  denied those things?   I see us in a country now in which we are raising children who are in  danger. LGBTQ kids are almost five times as likely as their straight  peers to attempt suicide. LGBTQ kids--about 30 percent--admit to  missing school because of being in fear for their safety. This is in  America in 2020. Black trans women are dying at unacceptable,  unconscionable rates. I say dying. They are being murdered. There have  been 15 transgender or gender nonconforming people who have been  murdered, and last week alone, two transgender women were killed-- Dominique Fells and Riah Milton.   We have work to do in this country to establish the fundamental  ideals that have been said from the founding of this country that we  will all be equal under the law, the fundamental ideals from the  founding of this country that we are a nation of liberty and justice  for all.   Here we are at the crossroads of history, forcing our fellow  Americans to come and ask for what is fundamentally theirs already-- equal dignity, equal rights. The Equality Act is too late already. It  is too late to do what was preordained by the very founding of this  Nation. We are too late already to save the lives of children who have  been forced to live in a nation that doesn't recognize their equal  dignity. We are too late already to protect the shame of people who  have been fired just because they are gay, who have been denied  accommodation just because they are gay--the humiliation of which, I  dare say, so many in this body know from their families' stories.   So we come here to the floor to ask for what is overdue, to ask for  us to establish in law what is true in the spirit of this Nation, and  to echo the words of our ancestors, great suffragettes, great civil  rights leaders, great Native Americans, who have all come to this  Capitol to say: This is who we are--equal citizens under the law.   To my colleagues who are with me today, I tell you that, no matter  what happens with this unanimous consent, justice will come to this  country. No matter who stands against this Equality Act, they stand on  the wrong side of history, on the arc of the moral universe, but it  bends toward justice. Well, it never bends automatically. We need some  arc benders. For too many people in this country, justice delayed is  justice denied. So we will not give up. We will not yield. We will not  equivocate. We will not retreat. This will become the law of the land.   We have made some steps in the right direction of justice, but we are  still in the foothills. We have a mountain to climb, but I know we will  make it to the mountaintop. I know that this Nation will fulfill its  promise to all of its people and, indeed, become the promised land.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss the Confederate  monuments that are in our hallowed Halls of Congress. I would like to  make a live UC request, but preceding that request, I want to make just  a few very brief remarks.   The National Statuary Hall, where these Confederate statues are in  the Capitol, is intended to honor the highest ideals of our Nation. It  is intended to honor the spirit of our country and those who exhibited  this spirit with heroism, with courage, and with distinction.   It is a rare honor that every State gets to pick two people, out of  the entire history of the country, who so exemplify the values, the  spirit, and the honor of America. There are only 100 statues--just 100  statues--two from every State.   Between 1901 and 1931, 12--12--Confederate statues were placed in the  National Statuary Hall, that hallowed hall. During the vast majority of  that same period, from 1901 through 1929, after a vicious period of  voter suppression and violence against African-American voters and a  stripping de facto of their rights, and often de jure, not a single  African American served in either of the Congress. In fact, the exact  same year the first Confederate statue was placed in the Capitol, 1901,  was also the year that the last African-American person would serve in  Congress for almost 30 years--almost 70 from just the South.   This is a period that we don't teach enough about in our country. It  is a period of untold violence of domestic terrorism, of the rise of  the Klan and other White supremacist organizations in which, from the  late 1800s to about 1950, literally thousands of Americans--about 4,400  well-documented cases--were lynched in this country.   We cannot separate the Confederate statues from this history and  legacy of White supremacy in this country. Indeed, in the vast history  of our Nation, those Confederate statues represent 4 years--roughly 4  years--of the Confederacy. The entire history of our country hails as  heroes people who took up arms against their own Nation, people who  sought to keep and sustain that vile institution of slavery, who led us  into the bloodiest war of our country's history, who lost battle after  battle until they were defeated soundly. The relics of that 4-plus year  period, giving this sacred space to these traders upon our Nation, is  not just an assault to the ideals of America as a whole, but they are a  painful, insulting, difficult injury being compounded to so many  American citizens who understand the very desire to put people who  represented 4-plus years of treason, the very desire to put them there  in an era of vast terrorism, was yet another attempt at the suppression  of some of our citizens in this country.   The continued presence of these statues in the halls is an affront to  African Americans and the ideals of our Nation. When we proclaim this  not just to be a place of liberty and justice for all, but as we seek  to be a more beloved nation, a kinder nation, a nation of equal respect  and equal dignity, it is an assault on all of those ideals.   I would like to ask for unanimous consent, but before I do so, I  would like to yield to the Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer    Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Rules Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 3957 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I further ask that the bill be read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, if I could just respond--I know how busy  my colleague is. He has a well-earned reputation on both sides of this  body for his sincerity, for his decency, and for his honor. I take to  heart his words that this is often not a good forum in which to try to  push a piece of legislation that might have controversy on both sides.  I understand his sincere concerns with that.   I guess he also understands the sincerity with which I bring this up:  the hurt and the pain that these statues represent in a place where  millions of Americans come to the Capitol and see this as their body.   I say to the Senator, because there are complications in this and  there are issues we would have to work through as a Senate, I guess the  one last appeal to your more senior status and maybe your friendship is  this: Will you join me, at least, on a letter to the appropriate  committee, asking them to at least have a hearing on this issue so that  we could have a full vetting of all of the complexities and have a real  discussion on something that is a pressing concern? I note that you  know it is a pressing concern because some States are already taking  action.   You see this action being taken across various parts of our country.  You see this issue being pushed into the national consciousness. You  see Republicans and Democrats, from Nikki Haley to my dear friend, the  former mayor of New Orleans, Mayor Landrieu--I think it would be just  and right that, perhaps, you and I, in a show of bipartisan concern and  sincere awareness of the complexity of this issue, could just join--the  two of us--in a letter asking the committee to take up this issue in  due time so that we can have an appropriate discussion from all  perspectives on this issue.    Of course.    Thank you, sir.   If I may, I will make a personal appeal for a hearing on these  matters. I hope that we can do that in due time. I know the pace at  which the Senate often works, but I am grateful for this open dialogue  and I know you had to adjust your schedule so I am grateful for your  time and generosity.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   