 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  5472, the Jimmy Carter National Historical Park Redesignation Act.   The legislation would change the name of the Jimmy Carter National  Historic Site in Plains, Georgia, to the Jimmy Carter National  Historical Park, thereby ensuring that its nomenclature conforms to  other noncontiguous sites within the National Park System.   It would also honor the wishes of our Nation's 39th President, who is  a dear friend of mine, as well as my constituent.   On March 22, 2019, President Carter also became our Nation's longest- living President, surpassing the lifespan of George H.W. Bush. In  October, he celebrated his 96th birthday.   As many of you are aware, President Carter has had a number of health  challenges recently, which has created a sense of urgency around this  legislation and the rich legacy that he and Mrs. Rosalynn Carter want  to leave for their longtime home in Plains, Georgia.   After the Carters left the White House, the Carters and Plains  community took the initiative to preserve and protect the history of  this small, rural, agricultural community.   In 1987, Congress established the Jimmy Carter National Historic  Site. As you have heard, it consists of the Plains Railroad Depot,  which served as Jimmy Carter's campaign headquarters during the 1976  Presidential campaign; Jimmy Carter's boyhood farm; Plains High School,  which the Carters both attended, and which now serves as the visitor  center and museum; and the Carter home and compound, where the Carters  currently live, which is now closed to the public.   In fact, the Jimmy Carter National Historic Site is the only site in  the National Park System, aside from the White House, that is still an  active Presidential home. I have taken my entire staff there on a  number of occasions so that they could get a better feel and  understanding of the values that shaped this great Georgian.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 5472 enjoys the bipartisan support of the entire  Georgia congressional delegation, as well as the Plains community.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Grijalva and Ranking Member  Bishop on the full committee, and Chairwoman Haaland and Ranking Member  Young on the National Park Subcommittee. I thank Mr. Gallego and his  able staff members, Brandon Bragato and Lily Wang, for all of their  help in bringing this legislation to the House today under suspension  of the rules.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure.   