 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is my pleasure to honor my good friend  and my colleague Senator Cory Gardner. Cory and I were friends in the  House of Representatives. Our friendship deepened in the Senate,  especially after he took the reins as chair and I as the ranking member  of the Subcommittee on East Asia of the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee in the 115th Congress.   We were unlikely partners in a lot of ways. He is a conservative  Republican and I am a liberal Democrat. I know that Tom Brady is the  best quarterback ever. He just might say that it is John Elway.   But like me, Cory is a pragmatist, and we did find common ground. In  fact, we were a two-man legislative wrecking crew, with several credits  to our names.   Gardner-Markey collaborated on such hits as the Asia Reassurance  Initiative Act, ARIA, sweeping Asia-focused legislation to reorient our  Indo-Pacific strategy around alliances, common values, and mutual  security; the Cambodia Democracy Act, to stand up for civil society the  rights of a political opposition; the Taiwan International  Participation Act of 2018, to signal both our commitment to the island  nation and our displeasure with China's efforts to shut it out of  international organizations; and the Leverage to Enhance Effective  Diplomacy Act, to build the conditions for a future North Korea that no  longer threatens its neighbors and the world with nuclear weapons.   With Cory as chair and myself as ranking member, we convened  hearings, drafted broad legislation, hosted  [[Page S7571]]  foreign leaders. As the foreign policy gravitational pull rightly moved  to the Indo-Pacific in recent years, Cory brought the top policymakers,  human rights defenders, and government witnesses to the fourth floor of  the Dirksen Senate Office Building--not exactly the Diplomatic Room of  the White House.   In the 115th Congress, we held 11 hearings. It was a constant beat of  meetings and hearings that Cory would be leading. I was always honored  to be partnered with him in organizing those efforts.   Cory grew up on a farm, so it is no wonder that he is a workhorse.  Each time he gaveled in a hearing, he was professional, prepared, good- humored. And he, on more than a few occasions, allowed particularly  verbose Senators to blow past their allotted time.   Nowhere did I enjoy our work together more than in the drafting and  the ultimate passage of the landmark Asia Reassurance Initiative Act.  Our bill, which is now the law of the land, adopts a long-term U.S.  strategy for the most consequential region in the world, the Indo- Pacific. It was a credit to our foreign policy staffs--led by Igor in  Cory's staff and Zack in mine--that we were able to get it past the  finish line.   A fully resourced ARIA will ensure that the United States will remain  a Pacific power. Investments through ARIA offer a critical  counterweight to China by helping our partners in the region build  defenses and defend democracy and the rule of law.   But Cory understood passage of a law alone does not equate to the  implementation of policy. When ARIA was signed into law, he and I  convened a series of hearings to ensure the Departments of Defense and  State and the USAID were putting resources to the challenge.   The Asia-Pacific is home to 60 percent of the world's population.  This fact and the wide geographic scope of the region means that we  need to respond nimbly to the latest international crisis of the day.   When North Korea policy vacillated between ``fire and fury'' and  detente, he used the subcommittee to provide critical oversight.   When China and Hong Kong authorities turned to batons and tear gas in  a futile attempt to end democratic protests, he hosted one of the  architects of the student-powered Umbrella Movement, Nathan Law.   When just this past year, some wished to shake down our Japanese and  South Korean allies, we partnered on two resolutions, which reaffirmed  our ironclad relationships to both allies.   In his farewell address, Cory said that the pillars of the Senate  Chamber are principles shared by all Americans. They are immutable.  Cory, it was a pleasure to work with you these past years to also  strengthen the pillars of U.S. foreign policy, standing up for human  rights, our allies, and the rule of law around the world.   I hope that this son of Yuma, CO, is not finished with public service  yet. I am grateful for what we accomplished together on the Asia  Subcommittee and even more grateful for our friendship.   My best to Jaime and your wonderful family and to you, my friend.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   