 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Johnson, Task Force  Chairman Gianforte, and my colleagues at RSC for their leadership on  this task force and putting together a document that has answers if we  are willing to accept them and move them forward. Moving them forward  will make an impact for the better of this country and its taxpayers.   Making government more efficient and accountable to the people is  something we all should be able to rally behind. It shouldn't be a  partisan issue. After all, we are a government of, by, and for the  people.   We are here today to talk about a series of commonsense solutions  that will return power to the folks back home. I am proud that one of  them is my bill, H.R. 3830, the Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act, which  unanimously passed the House last week and now is over in the Senate.  It is a pretty simple bill.   American taxpayers deserve to know where, when, why, and how the  government is spending their hard-earned dollars, and they deserve to  have those dollars spent in an efficient, smart manner.   My bipartisan legislation requires Federal agencies to supply online  accounting of their program activities in an easily searchable  inventory so that Americans can keep tabs on where and how their tax  dollars are being spent. All of the information provided for the  inventory will be updated regularly to provide for a more realtime  accounting of Federal programs and dollars.   The Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act will help cut down on waste, fraud,  and abuse in the Federal Government by allowing policymakers to better  identify areas where any programs duplicate and put a stop to it.   Congress needs to do more to lighten the load for the next  generation. We need to streamline efficiencies, increase effectiveness,  institute more transparency, and provide better accounting across the  Federal Government.   Madam Speaker, I applaud the GEAR Task Force for highlighting these  proposals and working to make our government better serve the people we  represent.   