 Mr. Speaker, I deeply regret that I was unable to be  present at today's vote, and so submit this statement in order to  officially express my support for the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and  Economic Security (CARES) Act. Had I not been under physician orders to  self-quarantine, after coming into contact with an individual who  tested positive for COVID-19, I would have proudly cast my vote in  favor of this legislation. From the very start of this unprecedented  public health and economic emergency, my number-one priority has been  to put relief for our nation's workers, families, and seniors first.  After intense negotiation, this historic $2 trillion stimulus now takes  a monumental step in that direction.   As the coronavirus continues to gain a foothold in the United States,  workers face increasing uncertainty. Last week, the number of  unemployment claims filed reached a record high, and those numbers are  expected to only grow. The legislation that the House passed today  offers much needed stability and peace of mind for American workers, by  dramatically expanding our unemployment insurance program. As a result,  jobless workers will see an increase of $600 per week in their  unemployment benefits for a period of four months, as well as an  extension of regular unemployment benefits by 13 weeks. Moreover, for  the first time in history, independent contractors, gig workers, and  self-employed individuals will be universally eligible to collect  unemployment benefits.   As with our public health response, Congress recognizes the  centrality of prevention to our nation's economic response. Blunting  the impact of this pandemic and necessary social distancing on workers  will require not only that we strengthen the social safety net, but  that we also provide robust assistance to America's economic backbone:  small businesses. Over the past week, Democrats have fiercely  negotiated for enhanced relief for small businesses, and in the end we  were able to secure $377 billion in funding. These loans and grants  will help small businesses continue to make payroll and rent payments,  and ultimately, keep workers employed.   From day one, we've understood that limiting economic fallout from  coronavirus requires a multi-pronged approach. The direct payments,  under this bill, will quickly inject cash into the pockets of American  workers, families, and seniors, so that they can continue to make ends  meet. While I would have liked to have seen even more generous payments  go to our low- and middle-income Americans, I am nevertheless pleased  with this start.   Finally, I am extremely grateful that Democrats and Republicans were  able to come together to direct more than $150 billion to our hospitals  and health care system. Anything less would have been shortsighted, and  would have represented a grave failing on Congress's part. Now,  hospitals will have the resources needed to increase surge capacity. In  addition, these funds will go towards supporting COVID-19 medical  research and providing frontline health care workers with personal  protective equipment, ventilators, and other critically-needed medical  supplies. If we hope to slow the spread of this virus, save American  lives--including those of our heroic frontline health care workers--and  help restore normalcy to our lives and economy, we must equip our  health care system with the resources it needs to operate effectively.  Over the coming months, it will be imperative that Congress continues  to invest in the health care infrastructure.   Like any compromise, this bill is far from perfect. Still, the  investments that the House has made today will go a long way toward  delivering swift, meaningful relief to Americans, during this  challenging time. Going forward, I will continue to push for further  investment in our hard-hit communities. I am under no misconceptions  that our work combating this pandemic is done. In the meantime,  particularly in this era of sharp partisan division, I hope today's  uniquely bipartisan effort will serve as a comforting reminder to the  American people of their government's ability to come together in times  of crisis to put them first.   