 Mr. Speaker, we ought to come together, we ought to reason  together, and we would get a better product in the legislative process.  Sadly, our friends in the United States Senate don't always do that.  Sadly, when my friend's party was in the leadership, it didn't always  do that. And, yes, from time to time, we didn't do that.   This is an issue of critical, immediate concern, and there is a way  to get to where the gentleman from Texas suggested: pass legislation in  the Senate; pass legislation here; we will go to conference; and we  will try to resolve our differences so we can pass a bill.   I have talked to the gentlewoman from California, the former speaker  of the California Assembly, and she has told me that she doesn't want a  message; she wants a law. And I am absolutely convinced that is true.  She understands the legislative process very well. But in order to  initiate that process, we need to pass a bill. Of course,  unfortunately, we have some constraints here on amendments because of  the coronavirus.   Having said that, I hope that we pass this bill, and I hope the  Senate passes a bill. Now, unfortunately, they will have to come to  agreement and get 60 votes. I say ``unfortunately'' because Mr.  McConnell is not prepared to get to 60 votes. We don't have to get to  60 votes. Here, the majority rules. The majority will rule today, and  the majority sponsored this bill.   Mr. Speaker, on the rostrum in front of me there are inscribed five  words: ``union,'' ``justice,'' ``tolerance,'' ``peace,'' and  ``liberty.'' It is our individual and collective responsibility as  Members of this House, the people's House, to ensure that all of these  virtues are upheld in the United States.   There is justifiable anger in this country because justice is not  being upheld. That does not mean it has never been upheld, but it ought  to be always upheld.   There is a deep frustration because some of those charged with  enforcing our laws are doing so without tolerance and in a way that  disregards the rights and welfare of victims without just cause. That  does not damn all members of the police--in fact, not the majority--but  it does damn actions that are inconsistent with justice, peace,  tolerance, and liberty.   Many of our people will never see the full light of liberty because  of the color of their skin. The result has been a broken union and a  broken peace. That is why this House must act. We must act to make it  clear, beyond any doubt to every person in this country, that Black  lives matter.   For far, far too long in America, Black lives did not matter. Too  many people who lived in America were chattels. Their lives were  counted in the dollars, by what that property was worth, not in their  human value. For far, far too long, Mr. Speaker, that has been a  reality and a legacy of slavery, segregation, and prejudice.   We must act to ensure that law enforcement in every jurisdiction  understands that each human being is entitled to equal justice under  the law and to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   We must act to ensure that no longer will we see horrific images and  videos of unarmed Black men and women being killed by those who were  sworn to uphold the law and keep the peace.   The bill we are voting on today is long overdue. I congratulate the  Congressional Black Caucus, Ms. Bass, Senator Harris, and Senator  Booker.   This bill will ban chokeholds like the kind that killed George Floyd  last month, in whose memory this bill is named.   I knelt on the marble floor. My knee rejected that as something that  it didn't want to do. It was not only painful, but it was a long time:  8 minutes and 46 seconds. That was not to restrain George Floyd. He was  restrained.   It would also ban no-knock warrants of the kind that led to the  murder of Breonna Taylor in her own home that was mistakenly broken  into by the police, and it would condition Federal funding to State and  local governments on their banning racial profiling and adopting best  practices for police training as identified by the Obama  administration's Task Force on 21st Century Policing.   Moreover, this bill would facilitate, under appropriate  circumstances, the ability of victims to be compensated for their loss.  A right without a remedy is no right at all.   I want to thank Chairwoman Bass and the Congressional Black Caucus  for introducing this bill of which I am proud to be a sponsor, and I  would like to thank, as well, Chairman Nadler and the Judiciary  Committee for moving swiftly to mark up this legislation so we can have  it on the floor today.   I said ``swiftly.'' It has been centuries that the dark blot of  slavery and the dehumanization of some of our fellow Americans has been  a reality.   Senator McConnell has already said that the Republican-led Senate  will not even consider this bill. That is not surprising. There are 275  bills, all of which have Republican votes, sitting on Senator  McConnell's desk--or maybe wastebasket--so it is not surprising that he  won't consider this bill either, any more than he considered Justice  Garland by a President who had 11 months left on his term. We will see  [[Page H2477]]  what the people say in a few short months.   If we do not consider this bill, it will be an egregious mistake and  a failure to honor one of the most sacred of our Nation's precepts:  that we are all created equal and we should be judged not by the color  of our skin--which happens too often, too frequently, and too  regularly--not by the color of our skin, but by the content of our  character and the caliber of our conduct.   By ignoring this bill, Senator McConnell is ignoring the cries for  justice from Blacks, from Whites, and from Americans of all different  colors and of all different religions, all who were distinguished by  one facet or another, but they have in common that they are Americans  governed by a Constitution and laws of our country. Senator McConnell  will be ignoring the history and legacy of slavery and segregation that  has led to these acts.   My colleague mentioned Montgomery, Alabama, and a number of the  museums. Bryan Stevenson has a museum, and he says the first thing you  do when you discriminate against people is you dehumanize them. It  should not be a surprise, if we have, for centuries, dehumanized people  of color that, from time to time and too often, they are not treated as  human beings.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle:   Vote for this bill.   Vote for this bill even if you don't think it is perfect.   Vote for this bill because you want to say that we want justice for  every American.   Vote for this bill because you want to say that we want a remedy for  wrongs.   Vote for this bill to restore justice.   Vote for this bill to protect liberty.   Vote for this bill to promote tolerance.   Vote for this bill to restore peace to the families of victims and  entire communities that live in fear.   And vote for this bill to prove our Union is not only a union of  States, but a nation of free people united in our common pursuit of  justice and opportunity for all.   The people's House needs to do its job for all the people.   This is not an antipolice bill. It is a bill that cries out--whatever  our discipline, including Members of Congress--that we act consistent  with the law, consistent with the Constitution, and consistent with our  moral values. We will not leave these words to only be inscribed in  wood, but enshrined in our hearts and in our laws: union, justice,  tolerance, peace, and liberty not for some, but for all.   These are neither Democratic principles nor Republican ones. These  are American principles. These are, in many ways, unique principles  honored by this country in its rhetoric. This bill is to honor those in  its reality. That is why all who believe in these principles should  vote for this bill.   