 Madam Speaker, approaching July Fourth, we should be  celebrating the greatness of our country. Instead, we are mired in a  pandemic when we have more people infected and more deaths from this  pandemic than any country in the entire world--with President Trump  floundering and whining.   His approach to this pandemic--denial, delay, and ongoing deception-- has been exposed for the fraud that it is. And because of his multiple  failures, now is a time when more Americans desperately need the  opportunity to enroll in health insurance, not the junk insurance that  he has been promoting. Instead, he seeks to eliminate--as do our  Republican colleagues--the Affordable Care Act and the coverage that it  has today for millions of our citizens.   Madam Speaker, today's bill offers a reaffirmation that the  Affordable Care Act should be strengthened, not destroyed.  Strengthening that would have been occurring long ago but for the  fanatic decade of our Republican colleagues in trying to destroy the  Affordable Care Act. Next year, however, we have to do much more for  healthcare than simply to return where it should have been. Millions of  Americans, particularly in a State like  [[Page H2626]]  Texas, which has more uninsured children than any State in America,  they are still likely to be excluded because of obstructionist  Republican State leaders. And even those who have insurance, are still  often the victims of prescription price gouging.   Madam Speaker, the exceedingly modest pharmaceutical provision in  today's bill excludes the uninsured and falls well short of what is  needed to prevent monopoly prices for drugs developed at taxpayer  expense. This bill pours more billions into pharmaceutical development  with no assurance that the prices or the resulting cures will be  affordable. We see only today with the pricing of remdesivir, a drug  that would have been left in the scrap heap of failures but for  taxpayer funding, that the same taxpayers that developed the drugs will  be charged billions to get them.   Let's look forward to a day when we have a competent and committed  President to bring healthcare for all.   