 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation.   Right now, Medicare Advantage is an extremely popular program for  seniors in the country, with a 99 percent satisfaction rate. Many in  Kansas and across the United States rely on this program for quality,  affordable healthcare.   It is critical that we work together to find solutions to strengthen  and improve Medicare Advantage. The Provide Accurate Information  Directly Act, or the PAID Act, does exactly that.   At a time when partisan bickering seems to be louder than the needs  of Americans here in Washington, this bipartisan solution will improve  healthcare processes for thousands of seniors. The PAID Act ensures  that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, is  properly reimbursed for Medicare Advantage and Medicare part D costs  that are covered by another settling party.   To better understand how this bill works for Medicare Advantage and  its beneficiaries, let me offer you this scenario:   A 75-year-old Medicare beneficiary is crossing the street when she is  hit by a car. She is taken to the hospital to be treated for her  injuries where her care, subsequent physician visits, and prescription  drugs are covered by her Medicare Advantage plan.   Following this, she files a claim with the auto insurer of the driver  who accidentally hit her with his vehicle. Since her Medicare Advantage  program paid for her hospital and follow-up care, the plan is entitled  to seek reimbursement from the driver's auto insurer for healthcare  costs resulting from this accident.   Due to the current reporting system, her Medicare Advantage plan or  Medicare part D plan may never be reimbursed. This legislation would  correct this issue, allowing Medicare to better share this information  to determine if a claimant is a Medicare beneficiary and, if so, how  much is owed on that beneficiary's behalf.   This information sharing is not new. Currently, Medicare parts A and  B already share this information. Information of the related parties  will only be shared once a request is filed and will protect the  beneficiary's private medical information.   For too long, Medicare Advantage has been unable to receive proper  reimbursement for the services they ensure are provided to our seniors.  This bill is not only a significant process improvement, but it  increases the longevity of this vital program.   Congress has not made any meaningful improvements to the process  since 2007, when this body enacted reforms that allowed Medicare parts  A and B to streamline this process. After 13 years of leaving other  plans in the dark, this plan would provide a win for Medicare Advantage  beneficiaries, settling parties so that they can close out claims on  time, CMS so they are allowed to recoup medical expenses, and,  ultimately, the American taxpayer.   As the Representative for Kansas' Fourth District, strengthening and  improving healthcare, especially Medicare Advantage, has been some of  the most valuable representation I can provide to my constituents. I am  sure many colleagues can say the same.   Currently, more than 28,000 of my constituents rely on Medicare  Advantage because it still allows them to benefit from private-sector  innovation. It is truly the best way to give seniors the care they need  without sacrificing quality and while maintaining fiscal  responsibility.   Of all the process improvements that Congress can provide for this  program in 2020, the PAID Act makes significant strides to ensure that  our seniors and future generations can benefit from this program.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in  supporting this bipartisan legislation at a time when bipartisan  solutions are seemingly scarce. Together, we can build on reforms like  this to continue to improve our healthcare, rebuild our economy, and  deliver meaningful relief to Americans looking to Congress for  leadership through the challenges our country is facing.  [[Page H6993]]    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Bilirakis), who is one of the sponsors of this bill.    Madam Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield  myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, at a time when bipartisan solutions are becoming  rarer, the PAID Act is a meaningful, commonsense measure that will  provide financial stability and longevity to Medicare Advantage.   Medicare Advantage is the best way to give seniors the care they need  without sacrificing quality and maintaining fiscal responsibility. I  urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan measure to  allow this program to continue serving our seniors.   America is looking toward Congress for leadership through all of the  new challenges we face. Throughout our history, the United States has  rarely needed bipartisanship more than it does now. We must work  together to improve healthcare, rebuild our economy, and deliver  meaningful relief to our Nation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   