 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman  from New York's amendment.   The amendment being considered today is a new small business mandate  on the smallest businesses in America. It will require some of the  smallest businesses in this country, those with fewer than 20 employees  and those with less than $5 million in receipts, to file annually a  list of all of their owners with the Financial Crimes Enforcement  Network, or FinCEN.   But who or what is FinCEN? I bet most of America has never heard of  FinCEN, let alone those in the House office buildings.   It is a little-known agency here in Washington that deals with  financial crimes, in the Treasury Department.   Now, imagine you are a small business owner. You are getting a notice  from the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network mandating that you  disclose the owners of your entity. This would be the first consumer- facing intelligence bureau that we would have in the Federal  Government.   This amendment would require small business owners and small business  investors to submit their personal information to a new Federal  database without adequate privacy protections. This new Federal  database will be accessible to law enforcement without a warrant and  without a subpoena, a disturbing violation of due process, in my view.   This new Federal database has the fewest civil liberties protections  of any Federal intelligence bureau database. It is a lower standard of  accountability than what Congress provides in the PATRIOT Act, which  largely targets foreign actors.   In addition, according to the National Federation of Independent  Business, this amendment would also add more than $5.7 billion in new  regulatory costs for America's small businesses. At a time when small  businesses are struggling to stay afloat, this amendment would only add  to America's small business burdens.   Supporters of the amendment are calling for these changes without any  direct evidence to justify the mandate. There is plenty of anecdote,  but no data.   In the months leading up to the House's consideration of this bill  last October, I sought data from the intelligence bureau called FinCEN  and from the Treasury Department, along with the Department of Justice,  to better understand the need for this legislation. They provided none.   They gave anecdotes of very scary stories to try to compel me as a  legislator to vote for what is a very specific threshold in law and a  very specific new small business mandate.   I refused then to legislate based off of anecdotes. I refuse now to  legislate off of anecdotes. I would like to have hard data. My  questions have not been answered by FinCEN, the Treasury Department, or  the Department of Justice.   We have no information on how beneficial ownership information will  be protected. We do not have information on how the privacy of small  businesses will be preserved.   We don't have information on how many law enforcement agencies will  have access to the database, how many financial institutions will have  access to the database, or what threshold for amount of sales and the  number of employees will yield the most effective outcome.   Like H.R. 2513, this amendment has a threshold of $5 million of  revenue and under, and 20 employees and under. We have no data to  understand whether this is the right threshold for either the dollar  amount or the number of employees.   We will have stories, and we will have Members come to the House  floor telling us stories of bad actors, but that is anecdote. That is  not data to provide for this threshold. If we are going to have such an  encroachment on America's personally identifiable information of small  businesses across this country, shouldn't we have solid data? I believe  so.   I believe we have a number of issues that need to be dealt with to  make this amendment sustainable and provide protections for civil  liberties.   I believe that combating illicit finance is a nonpartisan issue that  all Members want to address. Yet, our actions must be thoughtful and  data-driven.   A strong example of this is H.R. 2514, the COUNTER Act, which is  included in this amendment. In committee, we came together in support  of H.R. 2514, which was introduced by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr.  Cleaver) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Stivers).   H.R. 2514 is a compilation of bipartisan policies that modernize and  reform the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering regimes. It  balances security and privacy. It was a strong bipartisan bill. It  provides the Treasury Department and other Federal agencies with the  resources they need to help catch bad actors.   It's disappointing though that Democrats chose to combine these two  bills for the sole purpose of driving up votes for their new mandate  impacting millions of small businesses and jeopardizing civil  liberties.   I would be remiss if I did not thank my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle for listening to some of our concerns on the Republican  side of the aisle. We will have some Republican Members who vote for  this amendment. I, however, will not.   The encroachment on the question of civil liberties, the lack of  separation of powers, the lack of the use of a subpoena, and the lack  of regulatory relief for those who are collecting this data, both in  terms of small businesses and financial institutions, has not been  fixed nor dealt with in this amendment.   In particular, prior to floor consideration of H.R. 2513 last  October, I filed an amendment with the Rules Committee that would  provide greater certainty for small businesses and for community banks  by repealing the customer due diligence rule. The CDD rule requires  financial institutions to collect similar data that is being required  in this bill. Moreover, the Republican motion to recommit offered to  H.R. 2513 would have required law enforcement to obtain a subpoena.  Both attempts to strengthen the bill at the time were rejected.   The amendment that we are considering today to H.R. 6395 contains the  same flaws as H.R. 2513.   To that end, I believe these issues still merit a more thoughtful  solution that doesn't treat legitimate small businesses as collateral  damage, like the bill and this amendment does.   I will continue trying to work with the amendment's sponsor to fix  these issues.   Until then, I am opposed to this amendment.   