 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today in support of the fiscal  year 2021 National Defense Authorization Act.   Congress has a constitutional duty under article I, section 8, to  provide for the common defense, and the NDAA is one of the key tools  that we have to ensure that the United States is capable of defending  ourselves and our interests.  [[Page S4257]]    This is, hopefully, the 60th consecutive year that Congress will pass  the NDAA. In a time of intense partisanship and national division, it  is a true testament to the significance of this responsibility and the  fact that we have been able to come together in support of the U.S.  military for decades, even when the spirit of bipartisanship and  compromise is elusive in many other areas.   We all want to ensure that America's servicemembers have the tools  and resources they need to perform their duty and to protect our  Nation. As we are all aware, threats against the United States, our  allies, and interests persist. At a time of increasing risk and  dangerous challenges to global security, the United States must lead in  creating stability through a strong and modernized military.   Peace through strength is a proven concept that reinforces American  deterrence and produces greater global security. That is why it is so  important to, yet again, come together and advance this important bill,  the NDAA.   We need to strengthen our military posture, enact policies that  encourage deterrence, project leadership, and deploy innovative  strategies to maximize advantages that serve our national security,  reassure our allies, and help defend our freedoms and ideals at home  and abroad.   The fiscal year 2021 NDAA does this by strengthening American  deterrence through investing in greater capabilities in support of  priorities listed in the national defense strategy and ensuring  America's servicemembers are ready so, when challenged, they will  prevail in any conflict.   This NDAA maintains readiness gains made over the previous years,  while making significant investments in modernization and enhancing  resources to better support and care for servicemembers and their  families. It provides a 3-percent pay raise for our troops and  reemphasizes a focus on training to ensure that our servicemembers can  conduct missions safely.   It also serves the interests of our military at a time when they need  vital support and assistance. I am especially pleased that the  legislation continues a push I have made related to military spousal  employment and also provides another step in the right direction to  ensure servicemembers' families have options for high-quality and  accessible childcare.   The continued commitment to reforms in the military's privatized  housing and health systems reflected in this legislation are also wins  for our servicemembers and their loved ones.   Additionally, this year's NDAA goes further to increase manning  levels in order to better support the demand for our forces around the  world.   I am pleased this bill includes a few of my priorities aimed at  supporting our deployed servicemembers in the State of Arkansas.   After my recent oversight visit to Iraq, I worked to ensure that the  Army has a plan to evaluate and deploy all resources to protect our  servicemembers in the theater from any kind of attack. Some of this  capability is also built in my home State. I thank my colleagues for  including my measure, which I believe will bring many benefits to our  warfighters in the defense industry in Arkansas.   Additionally, after meeting with leaders from the 188th Air Wing at  Fort Smith, it was clear to me that our servicemembers need more  support when it comes to options for childcare and assistance. That is  why I have worked on a provision to direct the Department of Defense to  research, report, and provide recommendations to Congress on how to  provide 24-hour childcare to military families who are assigned to  around-the-clock rotational units at home.   I welcome the inclusion of this initiative in this year's NDAA and am  grateful to the Armed Services Committee, which also recognizes its  real and urgent need for our military families.   I have also filed an amendment to this year's NDAA focused on meeting  the needs of our servicemembers who are undergoing routine quarantines  due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Many of our servicemembers are required  to quarantine when they are relocated to another military installation,  leaving them with days to weeks of inactivity and isolation.   My amendment requires the Department of Defense to develop measures  to ensure personal and professional development of our servicemembers  while in quarantine, including physical activity and educational  resources.   Defending our Nation, allies, and interests means providing the  Department of Defense with the tools and authorities it needs to carry  out that mission. This is the Federal Government's most basic function  and responsibility.   It is important to get this work done in a bipartisan way and with  broad agreement. My colleagues on the Armed Services Committee, under  the leadership of Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed, have  provided a great example in sending this bill out of committee with an  overwhelming vote of support. Their work has helped to ensure that the  fiscal year 2021 NDAA establishes and builds on policies that  strengthen the ability of the United States to safeguard the Nation and  provide the support and assistance that our allies have come to depend  on. Doing so helps make us and the rest of the world safer.   The fiscal year 2021 NDAA supports the national defense strategy, our  servicemembers, and the broader military community. It deserves wide  support in this body, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in  approving the NDAA and building on the U.S. legacy of unmatched  military leadership, capability, and superiority.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   