 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I serve on the Transportation Committee as well as the Rules  Committee, Mr. Speaker, so I always get excited when there is a  transportation bill that is coming to the floor. I am less excited  today.   My friend from New York is a wonderful leader for his constituents  and a wonderful bipartisan leader in this institution. I look forward  to his time when we get to question witnesses in the Rules Committee  because invariably he asks a question that I might have asked or should  have asked, and invariably I learn something from the gentleman and his  line of questions that I believe is going to benefit this institution  and benefit the Nation.   And, candidly, as you know, Mr. Speaker, that is not always the way  it is. Some folks are asking questions to get their next 30-second film  clip so they can send it out on social media for purposes that perhaps  are less valuable to the institution and to the Nation. And so I look  forward to an opportunity to be down here and talk about a partnership  issue, like transportation, with the gentleman from New York.   He mentioned that this bill is designed to be a partnership between  the Federal Government and the States and localities. Sadly, I must  tell you that is where any suspicion of partnership ends.   I went back and pulled the video from 2015 when we did our last  transportation bill. As the gentleman from New York knows, we are  assigned, so often, our Rules Committee legislation based on our other  authorizing committee assignments, so I got to carry that bill back in  2015. I was reminded how long it has been since I got to tell the  Speaker that I will, by order of the Committee on Rules, call up a  resolution. I miss that opportunity. I hope to get that back in  January.   But I had this big smile on my face, Mr. Speaker, because the speech  that I got to deliver that day in 2015 was that the House was bringing  the most open Transportation Committee bill in decades to the House  floor. The bill I got to bring that day, Mr. Speaker, talked about how  the bill passed out of committee on a voice vote, a voice vote, because  Republicans and Democrats, as is so often true on the Transportation  Committee, were arm-in-arm moving forward on an issue that is important  to all of our constituencies.   I had not even finished my Rules debate time, these 30 minutes,  before I had to offer an amendment to the rule to make even more  amendments in order than the amendments we had already made in order.  And then we came back the next day and made even more amendments in  order. At that time, Mr. Speaker, having had a bill that was worked  through the process in a bipartisan way, that passed out of committee  on a voice vote, we then brought rules to the floor that made in order  about equal number of Republican amendments, Democratic amendments, and  bipartisan amendments. To be precise, it was 45 Democratic amendments,  47 Republican amendments, and 34 bipartisan amendments after the  process had been worked in a bipartisan way already, after the bill had  passed out of committee on a voice vote already.    Today, that is not the kind of rule we are bringing. And I recognize  that COVID has made our voting requirements different today. But this  bill didn't pass out of committee, the committee on which I sit, the  Transportation Committee, on a voice vote with everybody in agreement.  This bill passed out of committee on a strictly party line vote,  because this bill, unlike the bill that had been worked through in a  bipartisan way when last we reauthorized service transportation, this  bill had been worked in a purely partisan way.   Mr. Speaker, I mentioned that at that time we made in order, roughly,  a number of Republican amendments and Democratic amendments and  bipartisan amendments. The rule before us today makes in order a  roughly equal number of bipartisan amendments and Republican  amendments, 17 bipartisan amendments and 19 Republican amendments. Less  than half the number that we had made in order when last we worked this  bill when we did in it in a partnership way.   But while the bill makes in order an equal number of Republican  amendments and bipartisan amendments, again, 19 Republican amendments,  17 bipartisan amendments, it makes in order 134 Democratic amendments.  Now, mind you, Mr. Speaker, I tell you that this process has been a  partisan process from the beginning in the Transportation Committee,  meaning, it was worked entirely through on the Democratic side of the  aisle. So as Republicans come to the floor, those Republicans who don't  serve on the Transportation Committee for their only opportunity to  influence this process, and I said it, and the gentleman from New York  knows it to be true.   Back in 2015, I said what is wonderful about opening up the process  is that every single one of us has something to contribute. The more  than 700,000 people that sent each one of us here have something to  contribute. The wonder and uniqueness of this institution comes from  the variety of Members who come here to serve and the varied  experiences that they bring.   Seventeen bipartisan amendments, 19 Republican amendments, and 134  Democratic amendments made in order by this rule. Even the Democrats  were shut out of the partnership process, because any serious  legislator on Capitol Hill knows the right time to get your language  included isn't in an amendment on the House floor, it is by going to  your chairman or your ranking member.   If I want to get something done on the Transportation Committee, I go  to my ranking member, Sam Graves, and I talk to him about it, and he  talks to the chairman about it, and then we get it done together  because that is the partnership in which the committee works, or at  least the way that it used to work.   It is unbelievable to me that in a time of great national distress  that one  [[Page H2685]]  of the sole remaining vestiges of bipartisanship on Capitol Hill, the  Transportation Committee, and one of the primary vehicles for moving  those partnership ideas, the highway transportation bill, has devolved  into the partisan exercise that we find ourselves in today. It is not  too late to fix that.   Mr. Speaker, I will be urging defeat of this rule. If you listen to  the reading clerk read it, you will know that if you have been watching  this institution for any period of time, 2 years, 4 years, 8 years, 10  years, 20 years, 30 years, you have never heard a reading clerk read a  rule that looks like this. We have just never seen one that looks like  this.   So partisan have things become, Mr. Speaker, that the Rules Committee  historically has offered en bloc authority to the chairman, because the  chairman has been working in partnership with the ranking member.  Because the way to dispose of amendments on the floor of the House in  an expeditious manner, which we absolutely positively need in a COVID- 19 environment, is through partnership. In this case the partnership  never started.   I would like to tell you the partnership eroded, but that is just not  true, the partnership never began. There was never an opportunity for  erosion, and thus, we have the kind of en bloc authority that you see  today, not designated to the chairman to enact, but created by the  Rules Committee, and the chairman has an opportunity to oppose it if he  would like.   Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed. But for my colleagues who are also  disappointed, this doesn't have to be the end of the conversation. My  ranking member--I haven't talked to him in the last 2 or 3 days, but  when last I heard him speak--said he was still committed to working in  a partnership way. That he was absolutely available. From day one, he  said, make me a part of this conversation, don't rule anything out. In  fact, the chairman said exactly that last night, that the ranking  member approached him early on in the process, and said, don't count us  out for anything, we want to work in a partnership fashion.   Mr. Speaker, we can defeat this rule. And defeating this rule isn't  going to slow down surface transportation. Anybody who believes this  bill is going anywhere is kidding themselves. This is a partisan  messaging exercise. This is not legislating that we are doing here  today, but we can move on to legislating. We can defeat this rule, and  we can go back and--you know, just one crazy idea--we can make the  Transportation Committee the partnership place it has always been.   We can make infrastructure the partnership issue it has always been.  We can make a difference, instead of just making a point.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I think my friend from New York is right that in the time of a  healthcare pandemic that having a closed rule could have been a  possibility. In fact, I  [[Page H2686]]  have no doubt that the only reason we have any amendments at all  available on the floor of the House today is because my friend from New  York, and particularly my chairman from Massachusetts, fought on behalf  of having a more open process.   I have no doubt that there are folks all across this institution who  would have loved to have shut out all the voices altogether. And had we  moved this bill out of committee with my ranking member's consent on a  voice vote the way we did it last time, I would have supported the  majority in trying to be more expeditious on the floor, because when  you move things in a bipartisan way you get bipartisan partnership to  get them across the finish line. But that is not the way this bill has  moved.   It is a valuable thing to be the chairman of a bipartisan committee,  Mr. Speaker, and I would tell you it comes with a stewardship  obligation to make sure it remains so.   I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Graves), who  will be the next chairman of the Transportation Committee, the current  ranking member.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   My friend from New York is absolutely right. There are 17 bipartisan  amendments made in order to this bill that moved through committee in a  completely partisan fashion.   When we did this bill last time around, the bill that passed on a  voice vote because of its bipartisan nature coming out of committee, we  made 34 bipartisan amendments in order to improve it further. The now  chairman of the Transportation Committee, then the ranking member, said  this about the rule as I was presenting it: ``Mr. Speaker, in terms of  what the gentleman from Georgia just said, I appreciate the fact that  we are debating so many policy amendments. This is the way the process  should work, both sides of the aisle contribute, and this is great.''  Stark contrast from what you heard from our ranking member today about  the process.   At that time, the ranking member, now chairman, said: ``I was willing  to stay here later last night and stay here later tonight so that  everybody who wanted an amendment could have a chance.'' That is not  the process we have this year as voices are shut out one right after  another, primarily Republican voices and bipartisan voices.  [[Page H2689]]    I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Mrs. Rodgers), a great conservative leader in our  conference who has never been afraid to reach across the aisle to get  the work done, and she has done it successfully.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I encouraged my colleagues to defeat the rule so we  could have a bipartisan process here, but if we defeat the previous  question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to make in order H.  Res. 1031.   The resolution expresses a sense of the House of Representatives  condemning the cyberattacks perpetrated by China and other rogue states  on American institutions in an effort to disrupt our response to COVID- 19 by stealing our economic property that could be used for treatments  and vaccines.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment into the Congressional Record immediately prior to the vote  on the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, we have talked so much about  bipartisanship. This is a chance to actually do something in a  bipartisan way.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  McCaul), the former chairman of the Homeland Security Committee and the  current ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, to discuss the  amendment.     Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, to be fair, this bill is not about us investing in the  future; it is about us borrowing money from our children to invest in  the future.   I will read from the current chairman of the Transportation  Committee. These were his comments during our last reauthorization. He  says: `` . . . the biggest and most glaring omission by the Rules  Committee is of not allowing any attempt by this House to fund the  bill.''   At that time, you remember, Mr. Speaker, we only provided 3 years of  funding for a 6-year bill. We went back and found the remaining 3 years  later.   He goes on to say: ``The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports an  increase in the user fee.'' That is the gas tax. ``The American  Trucking Association supports an increase in the user fee. We are  virtually being begged by interest groups out there representing  consumers and commercial users of the system to do something, vote on  something.''   I talked about all of the differences between the way we handled the  process last time and the way we handled the process this time, Mr.  Speaker. I will note that there are also differences in the way that  the chairman wanted to handle the process last time, which is voting to  fund this bill. When we funded half of it, he wanted to fund all of it.  This time we are funding none of it, Mr. Speaker. That is the heavy  lifting that needs to be done, and it can only be done in a bipartisan  way.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I share with my friend from New York that I  don't have any speakers remaining, and I am prepared to close.   Can I ask how much time is remaining, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.    Mr. Speaker, I am a positive guy. I love coming down here and talking  about the great things we are doing as a country, the amazing steps  forward that we are making, the way we are exceeding the expectation of  our constituents, and that was the speech I got to give when  Republicans were in the majority and I got to bring the bipartisan  package.   At that time, Janet was sitting to my left and Caitlin would have  been sitting right behind Mr. McGovern. A lot of things haven't changed  much since that time. But some things have.   One of the things that has changed is COVID-19 is ravaging the  Nation, and I want to say to my Rules Committee friends, because we  have got a lot of work left to do in this cycle, I recognize that there  is an inclination among some in leadership in this House to shut down  this process, to keep folks off the floor, to keep votes from happening  with great frequency, all in the name of public health.   I would tell you that may protect the health of the Members  generally, but it undermines the health of the institution  specifically. And I am grateful to my friends on the Rules Committee  for fighting those urges and advocating for a more open process on the  floor of the House.   Again, I know I can attribute that sentiment to my friend from New  York, and I know I can attribute that sentiment to the chairman, the  gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern).   But the transportation bill, Mr. Speaker, is different from most of  what we do. I hope we will have an opportunity to bring a bipartisan  bill to the floor, and then we can have that bipartisan conversation  about limiting debate so that we can move the bipartisan idea forward  so that we can get a signature on the President's desk.   Mr. Speaker, every good thing you heard mentioned that this bill does  on the other side of the aisle today, every good thing you have heard  mentioned, I want to stipulate that the bill absolutely does that. And  I ask my friends to stipulate that the bill has absolutely no chance of  ever becoming the law of the land, so none of those things are ever  going to happen.   Hear me, Mr. Speaker, it does every single one of those things if it  becomes law, but because it is moved in a partisan process when we have  bipartisan government, it will never become law and it will never  happen. Not one of those things that my colleagues earnestly believe  their constituencies need and are demanding is going to be delivered.   Mr. Speaker, I don't want to make the point. I do want to make the  difference. I recognize that in divided government sometimes you have  to put out the party line. Sometimes you have to stand up and say,  ``This is where I am; now let's figure out where you are,'' and then  the negotiation happens later.   That happens on a lot of bills in this institution. It doesn't  usually happen on transportation, it doesn't usually happen on  infrastructure, because the way transportation and infrastructure  usually happen is we partner from day one.   In the last Congress, Mr. Speaker, last time we moved this bill,  roughly an equal number of Republican ideas, Democratic ideas, and  bipartisan ideas were considered to improve the bill. This time around,  Mr. Speaker, we will consider 17 bipartisan amendments, 19 Republican  amendments, and 134 Democratic amendments. Last time around, roughly  one to one; this time around, seven Democratic ideas for every one  Republican idea.   Last time around, the bill was crafted in a partnership way so that  more ideas and everyone was included in the beginning. This time  around, the bill moved in a strict party-line vote.   I understand we can't be the best version of ourselves as an  institution every day of the week, Mr. Speaker. I recognize that. And  it is not even our goal every day of the week. Sometimes we have a  partisan priority, an itch that needs to be scratched. But good habits  are hard to keep; bad habits are easy to make.   There is a reason the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is  special. There is a reason Mr. DeFazio stood in line so long waiting on  his opportunity to lead. It is a special place where you can make a  huge difference on behalf of not just your community, but your country.   We are squandering that opportunity today. There were lots of good  ideas that we could have moved forward in a partnership way.   I hope that the extraordinary partisanship that represents a dramatic  change from anything that we have ever done in this transportation  environment before is the aberration, and that as soon as that partisan  itch gets scratched, my colleagues will then turn their attention to  being able to get  [[Page H2692]]  something done. Because when my friends talked about road safety and  the needs America has, they were right. When my friends talked about  crumbling infrastructure and the needs America has, they were right.  When my friends talked about investing in us as a nation, my friends  were right.    I want to join with them to make those things happen; but today, Mr.  Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question and to vote ``no'' on the rule.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   