 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the chairman of the  Education and Labor Committee, Mr.  Bobby Scott, for yielding. He has  done such an extraordinary job through the years in the minority and in  the majority watching out for workers and creating jobs and security  for our workers.   I rise in strong support of this legislation.   Two weeks ago, Mr. Speaker, we saw deep divisions within our country,  divisions that we must heal.   Part of that division, I believe, comes from a broad lack of faith in  government to deliver on what the American people need to get ahead in  our economy.   Americans, in my view, want their elected officials to focus on  reaching consensus on broadly popular initiatives that expand  opportunity and connect people with good careers.   This legislation, Mr. Speaker, that we are considering today, falls  within the scope of the Make It In America plan that I have been proud  to lead since 2010.   That plan seeks to make our workers and businesses more competitive  by legislating in the three key areas of education and skills training,  infrastructure, and entrepreneurship. It is based on bipartisan ideas  that most Americans support.   One of those ideas is reauthorizing enhancing the National  Apprenticeship  [[Page H5967]]  Act for the 21st century in order to help more of our people reach for  the opportunities that enable them to make it in America.   This bill would have been, Mr. Speaker, and should have been,  bipartisan, were it not for the Trump administration's insistence on  including unaccredited and unproven apprenticeship programs that do not  have adequate worker protections or quality standards.   That is a shame. And I hope we can revisit this effort and make it  truly bipartisan once President-elect Biden has taken office.   At a moment when our economy is in crisis as a result of the COVID-19  pandemic, many Americans are out of work and looking for new ways to  get back into the workforce.   They recognize that this moment presents an opportunity to gain new  skills and move up in their careers, as Mr. Scott has pointed out.   That is why, Mr. Speaker, congressional support for apprenticeship  programs is so important.   According to the Labor Department, 94 percent of participants in  registered apprenticeships are employed upon completion with an average  salary of $70,000.   This bill would permanently authorize the Labor Department's office  of apprenticeship and direct it to promote new partnerships among  labor, industry, and educational institutions to create new  apprenticeship tracks.   It will also codify standards, Mr. Speaker, for registered  apprenticeships, youth apprenticeships, and preapprenticeship programs.   This legislation would invest more than $3 billion in the National  Apprenticeship System, an investment that will pay off geometrically to  our country and to our families and to our workers. That will be spent  over the next 5 years in order to create nearly one million additional  apprenticeship opportunities by 2025.   For those worried about the cost of this legislation, here is another  figure to consider: The $10.6 billion in increased tax revenues and  decreased spending on public assistance programs and unemployment  insurance that will be saved. Let me reiterate that. $10.6 billion in  increased tax revenue as a result of the success of the apprenticeship  program.   At the same time, this bill includes measures to promote greater  diversity among those accessing apprenticeship programs. This is  critical at a moment when the pandemic has led women's workforce  participation to fall to a level unseen since 1988.   Right now, only 10 percent of apprenticeships are held by women.   By promoting greater diversity of access, we can increase that  percentage dramatically and help millions of women jump-start their  return to the workforce while helping them get ahead in their careers.  Good for them, good for their families, good for America.   I want to thank Representative Susan Davis of California for her  leadership over the years and for sponsoring this bill. She has been a  champion for workers and apprenticeship opportunities for decades. She  will be leaving the Congress, and she will be sorely missed. She will  be leaving voluntarily, I may add. But she will be sorely missed,  because, not only in the civilian sector but on the defense side, she  has looked at personnel and how to enhance work opportunities, worker  skills, and their success.    I also thank Chairman Scott of the Education and Labor Committee for  his work moving this bill through committee.   I also want to thank the ranking member because I believe that, in  fact, what she said is she is interested in apprenticeship programs,  and I am hopeful that Mr. Scott and Ms. Foxx and others on both sides  of the aisle continue to work to expand apprenticeship opportunities.  We do not want to constrict opportunities; we want to expand them.   In spite of the Trump Administration's attempts to sabotage it, I  hope this legislation will pass with the kind of strong bipartisan  support it deserves.   I urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for a bill that will  give all of our people faith that Washington is united in our  determination to help them get through this crisis and build back  better in the future.   