 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. It  has been a great experience to work with Representatives Roe and Takano  to improve the lives of our heroes.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 80, which will  approve the VA secretary's request for a waiver under the MISSION Act,  allowing for innovative collaborations to expand dental care for  veterans.   As a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I was proud to be a  strong advocate in support of the VA MISSION Act last Congress. One of  the provisions of this new law established the VA Center for Innovation  for Care and Payment, allowing the VA to create pilot programs that  test innovative approaches to payment and service delivery models to  improve the quality of care at the VA subject to congressional  approval.   Many studies suggest that regular dental care, as the good doctor  said, equates to lower overall healthcare cost and better health  outcomes. Earlier this year I introduced H.R. 2628, the VET CARE Act,  designed to determine the potential health benefits to veterans and  potential cost savings to the VA associated with periodontal care. One  provision specifically authorizes the VA to provide administrative  support to local providers who agree to furnish dental care at low to  no cost, including information about the VA Dental Insurance Program,  which provides a discounted low-cost insurance plan provided by private  insurers. At a legislative hearing on my bill, the VA testified its  strong support for this particular section.   Currently, the VA only provides outpatient dental services to a  limited number of the disabled veteran population. Some may be eligible  to sign up for the VADIP, but I believe we can do more to move this  issue forward and I am glad to see that the VA agrees with me on this  particular issue.   Last month, the VA finalized a rule requesting congressional approval  to allow coordination of care between veterans and dental providers in  the community.   I applaud VA for recognizing the need to increase access and  coordination of care to dental providers and educate veterans on the  potential opportunities available to them in the local community.   I thank Dr. Roe for sponsoring this joint resolution, and I urge the  Senate to take this up as soon as possible so that the VA can get to  implementing this pilot program and better providing access to much- needed dental care our veterans have earned and deserve.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this joint resolution.   