 Madam President, the most recent count of confirmed  Americans who have died as a result of COVID-19 is 157,551 souls. In my  State of Maryland, that confirmed number is 3,402. Those are the  confirmed deaths. We believe the deaths are even higher.   Although the United States represents only 4.3 percent of the world's  population, we represent over 26 percent of the COVID-19 infections and  almost 23 percent of fatalities. These numbers are continuing to grow  every day.   The Trump administration was ill-prepared, inadequate in its  response, misleading and inconsistent in its messaging, missing in the  international leadership to deal with this global pandemic, and denied  the consequences of the pandemic on our own constituents.   Congress took on its responsibility by passing major legislation. The  passage of the CARES Act--which was passed in March--was the right  response at that time to do what we needed to deal with the pandemic.  But we knew by May that COVID-19 would have a much longer impact on our  country, would be more difficult to control, and we had to take  additional steps in Congress in order to protect our Nation.   The House did the right thing in passing the Heroes Act on May 15. It  has been almost 3 months, and the Republican leadership in the Senate  has failed to respond. We need to take action that is equivalent to the  challenge--this incredible challenge.   This is the worst pandemic we have seen since the 1918 influenza  pandemic, over 100 years ago. This is the greatest economic challenge  that we have faced since the Great Depression. This requires bold  action in order to protect the people of our country.   The help provided by the CARES Act has ended. Unemployment benefits  have terminated. State and local governments are out of resources. The  small business tools have already been used by the small businesses.  American families need additional help. The unemployed need help. State  and local governments need help. Our businesses need help. We need to  act now and pass a comprehensive package to deal with this pandemic.   What should be included in a comprehensive package? Let me start  first with the health challenge. I was pleased that the CARES Act  provided for a Marshall Plan to deal with the health pandemic. But we  have since learned that this health challenge has been different in  different communities. There are disturbing facts about the health  disparities on the communities that have been particularly hard-hit.  Communities of color have had higher infection rates, higher  hospitalization rates, higher deaths. We know that this is in part  because of systemic discrimination that we have seen in our system of  healthcare. We need to take action.   Let me give you a few things we could do in this next round that  could help deal with the disparities in the health impact. The FMAP,  the payment for Medicaid by the Federal Government to the States--you  see, it has been estimated that 12 million Americans have additionally  needed to rely on Medicaid as a result of COVID-19. The States are  unable to act because their budgets have been so badly hurt.   There is a risk factor that they will, in fact, even cut back  benefits because they don't have the funds to maintain the current  benefits before COVID-19, let alone the additional number of people who  have been thrown into the need for Medicaid. We need to take steps and  improve the FMAP by the Federal Government.   Telehealth has proven to be a very effective tool in dealing with  COVID-19. We know that people cannot travel, cannot go to offices as  easily as they could, and we have seen a natural desire to do as much  telehealth as possible. We have passed legislation to expand the types  of services and geography that can use telehealth services. It is very  important for rural America, very important for the underserved  community, and very important for the transportation-challenged  community. We need to make those provisions permanent.    I have introduced two pieces of legislation with my colleagues: the  REACH Act, with Senator Tim Scott, and the COVID-19 Health Disparities  Act, with Senator Menendez. These bills work on fundamental problems of  why COVID-19 has had a disparate impact on communities of color.   We want to make sure we have a workforce that represents our  communities. We want to make sure there is adequate funding. We want to  make sure testing is done, targeted to those communities that are most  vulnerable. We want to make sure the vaccine, when it is developed, is  fairly shared. We want to make sure we have outreach and education in  all communities. These bills deal with those issues.   The health challenge, as it relates to health disparities, needs to  be part of the legislation that I hope we will be considering in the  very, very near future.   The legislation needs to include an extension of unemployment  insurance benefits, which is a lifeline for individuals and our  economy. Individuals desperately need these funds in order to take care  of basic needs for their families. But our economy needs the influx of  these resources in order to keep our economy afloat during COVID-19.   The Heroes Act, which, again, was passed almost 3 months ago, extends  the $600-a-week payment through the end of January; whereas the  McConnell bill, the HEALS Act, cuts it back to $200 and only through  October and sets up a test for local--on the percentage of your  previous salary that UI, unemployment insurance, administrators in the  States tell us is not administrable, making a roadblock for those even  to get the money provided in the HEALS Act, the bill introduced by  Senator McConnell.   We need to act boldly. The impact on our economy is here today and is  showing no letup. We need to extend the $600, and we need to do it  through at least January of next year.   The impact of COVID-19 has been cruel to families meeting their basic  obligations, including housing for both  [[Page S5238]]  renters and homeowners. The moratorium on eviction and foreclosure has  now expired. The protection is not there. It has been estimated that  $12.3 million American households are now at risk of eviction.   We need to act now. We need to provide help against eviction and  foreclosure, including direct assistance to renters and homeowners. It  will not only be, again, the right thing to protect American families  during this pandemic, but it will also help deal with stability in the  real estate market, making sure we can maintain financial viability for  that critically important industry. It is a win-win situation.   But look at the contrast between what was done in the House and what  we are asking--the Democrats are asking--to be considered on the Senate  floor. The Heroes Act provides $100 billion to assist renters and $75  billion to assist homeowners. The legislation offered by Senator  McConnell, the HEALS Act, provides zero assistance.   We need to do what is right for American families and make sure that  they have a roof over their heads. That needs to be part of our  comprehensive response.   State and local governments are in desperate need. You see, they have  balanced budget requirements. They have to balance their budgets, and  now they are juggling 2 fiscal years--one for most States that ended on  June 30 and another that started on July 1. In both of those fiscal  years, they are projecting large deficits.   I can tell you, in Maryland alone, the fiscal year June 30 deficit is  now projected to grow by $1 billion.   Here is the challenge. It is up to our State and local governments to  fund things such as first responders and public safety and schools and  public health and critical, essential services, but they don't have the  resources to do it. Without help from the Federal Government, without  help in this round, we are going to see additional layoffs and services  that are essential in our community not being carried out. The CARES  Act helped, but the CARES Act did not deal with the loss of revenue  sustained by State and local governments.   Let's just use our common sense here. What do you think our State and  local governments are looking at in sales tax revenues with so much  consumer activity that has not taken place?   Let's take a look at our income tax revenues by our State and local  governments. With income being so severely restricted, those revenues  are dramatically reduced. In recent years, we have seen the State and  local governments rely more and more on specific taxes, generally with  hospitality--dealing with hotels and car rentals and parking. Those  revenues are nonexistent.   We need to act. It was for good reason that Governor Hogan, the  Republican chair of the National Governors Association for Maryland,  and Governor Cuomo, the vice chair--the Democratic Governor from New  York--came together with all of our Governors, saying: You need to help  us so that we can help our constituents.   By the way, their constituents are our constituents; the same  individuals are served by State and local governments and by us in the  Congress.   The Heroes Act, once again, provided robust help, recognizing that  this pandemic will have an impact not only on the fiscal year that  ended June 30 but the fiscal year that began July 1. They provide $900  billion of help to State and local governments, providing for its use  for revenue loss and providing direct assistance to our larger  subdivisions.   The legislation that was suggested by Senator McConnell on behalf of  the Republicans contains zero--no help for State and local governments.   One of the essential functions that State and local governments need  to carry out is educating our children in our schools. There are  different needs in different communities. Our aid has to be flexible to  allow the local school districts to do what is right for their children  as it relates to public safety and education. That is our  responsibility.   I recently met with educators in Maryland and looked at their  challenges. They went over with me the cost challenges that they will  face this fall, whether they are doing in-classroom, distant learning,  or a hybrid approach. Safely reopening is costly. Following the CDC  guidelines to make sure they have the cleaning supplies and protective  equipment and infrastructure changes that are necessary to safely have  students in the classroom and educators in the classroom; how bus  routes need to be changed, which is going to be more expensive; dealing  with distant learning and the technology that is needed; the tutoring  and special education needs that are going to be more challenging; the  training of teachers--all this is going to cost more funds. State and  local governments have less funds to operate with.   I particularly want to mention the digital divide. We knew before  COVID-19 that if you did not have access to broadband high-speed  internet in your household, you were at a disadvantage. It puts your  children at a disadvantage because even though they learn at school,  learning does not stop at the end of the schoolday, and access to high- speed internet is critically important for students. It is also  important for their parents and for everyone to be able to get access  to the internet. That has really come to light during COVID-19.   Yes, we have a digital divide. We know that in rural America, it is  more difficult to get broadband. We also know about the economic  circumstances of many families who can't afford the internet. We need  to take steps to remove that digital divide. We need to do that now. We  need to do that in this legislation so that our children can get the  maximum opportunities this fall through distant learning--those who are  going to participate in distant learning. We need to do everything we  can so children don't fall further behind because of a lack of access  to broadband.   The Heroes Act provides robust funding both for State and local  government but also dedicated to education. That is what we need to do  and make sure it is part of a robust response.   In November, we will be having our national elections. There is  nothing more important to our democracy than protecting the free and  fair election process in America so that every eligible voter in our  country can cast their ballot safely, that they can do it without fear  for their public health, and that we can make sure it is done without  influence from foreign actors. That requires additional resources.   I was on the phone with the head of our election board in Maryland,  talking about the challenges they have. Governor Hogan has suggested a  hybrid approach to the November elections. It is going to cost millions  of dollars more to conduct that election. The local governments don't  have those funds.   The Heroes Act provides funds to protect the integrity of our  election system. It needs to be part of it. We all know there are  foreign actors trying to interfere with our elections. We need to take  steps to make sure it is protected. Once again, the bill brought to us  by the Republicans, the HEALS Act, provides no help. The Heroes Act  provides $3.6 billion.   This week, I was on the phone with several of my constituents  concerning the U.S. Postal Service. The U.S. Postal Service is  mentioned in the Constitution as one of the primary functions of the  Federal Government. It is essential. Ask seniors who rely on the Postal  Service to get their medicines in a timely way. We now know how  important it is for timely conducting our election process. Yet we are  seeing delays in service. We are seeing compromises to worker safety.  We are seeing unreasonable restrictions imposed by the Postal System,  and they have a desperate need for additional resources. There is a  lack of overtime, a lack of being able to pick the hours that you make  your delivery so that you can get your mail delivered promptly and in  the safest way considering the weather and COVID-19. All of that has  been compromised because of a lack of resources and, I will also add,  the management, the Postmaster.   We need to provide additional help. We knew that before COVID-19, and  it is now even more critical post-COVID-19. The Heroes Act provides $25  billion for our Postal System. We need to make sure that is done. Once  again, contrast that with the offer that was  [[Page S5239]]  made by Senator McConnell, where no money was provided for those  services.   Nutrition and the SNAP program are all critically challenged as a  result of COVID-19. We need to make sure we make more resources  available. The Heroes Act provides more resources to make sure  our families receive the nutrition they need.    One of the things is delivering meals. When students are in the  classroom, they usually get their food there, and it is a lot more  efficient to do it that way. When they are not in the classroom, it has  to be delivered, and that is more costly. We have to provide those  resources to make sure our children are protected.   We have to deal with childcare. Many families have challenges with  childcare. The Heroes Act provides help there.   Essential workers. We talk about essential workers all the time and  talk about how we applaud them. They are our heroes. What do we do for  them? Well, the House bill deals with hazardous pay to show our  appreciation through compensation. That is what we should do. As we  pass comprehensive legislation, that should be part of it.   Let me say that we should also do that in regard to our own Federal  workforce. We should make sure there are adequate resources to make  sure every Federal worker has the protection they need to stay safe  from COVID-19. We should do everything we can to encourage telework  when telework makes sense for our Federal workforce.   Let me conclude with the area that I probably have spent the most  time with, and that is small business. In regard to small business, we  have had a bipartisan working group that has made tremendous gains on  behalf of tools that help small businesses.   Yes, I do want to acknowledge Senator Rubio and Senator Collins and,  on the Democratic side, Senator Shaheen. The four of us worked together  in the CARES Act to produce the Paycheck Protection Program, which was  successful in getting money out quickly to small businesses so they  could stay alive.   The problem with the PPP program is that we thought that by now, the  economy would be back on track and that small businesses would be able  to continue without additional help from the Federal Government. That  is not the case.   Secondly, we learned in the PPP program that the underbanked  community--the minority small businesses and the smaller small  businesses--was left behind when it started because they didn't have  the same priority relationship with the lenders as the more  sophisticated small businesses had. As a result, they were denied help.  In the early stages, their loans were not as large; they didn't get the  same type of attention.   As we look at a second round, we need to make sure that it is  targeted to those small businesses that need the help and have had  revenue loss as a result of COVID-19. That is targeted to the smaller  of the small businesses. They are the ones that don't have the same  degree of resiliency, and they need attention at this particular  moment.   Yes, we need to build up the capacity and make sure that mission  lenders--those that are most sensitive to the underserved community-- have the capacity and the volume of loans necessary to reach out so  that we don't make the same mistake on the next round that was  initially made in the PPP program. I think we can get that done.   There has been strong bipartisan talk about these issues. I think we  can make progress and get this done.   There is another program that was left out of the HEALS Act by  Senator McConnell that I was very disappointed about, and that is the  economic injury disaster loan and grant program, the EIDL Program. PPP  provided help to small businesses to deal with their payroll expenses  and some utility expenses, but it didn't deal with the long-term  capital needs of a small business.   We know that they need help in addition to just the paycheck issues.  That is where the EIDL Program came in. You can make both an EIDL loan  and a PPP loan. Yet we ran out of EIDL funds very early. Instead of  issuing loans up to $2 million, the SBA only issued loans up to  $150,000. The grant program was $10,000 in cash to small businesses. It  doesn't have to be repaid. That is a lifeline for the smaller small  businesses. They are the ones that use the EIDL Program. They are the  smaller of the small businesses. The SBA imposed a $1,000-per-employee  cap, so they didn't get the full amount of the grant.   We have to make sure that we provide additional resources to deal  with these issues so that the EIDL Program can provide long-term  financing to small businesses. Coupled with the PPP program, we can  keep small businesses alive, because we all know they are the growth  engine of America. They are the heart of our economy. We need to make  sure that is part of the next legislation.   COVID-19 is a once-in-a-lifetime challenge for us. Pandemics happen  once in a hundred years. This impact on our economy is similar to the  Great Depression. Let's rise to the challenge. Let's pass a  bipartisan--I would say a nonpartisan--bold bill to deal with the  challenges that are before us, and let's stay here and get it done now   I yield the floor.   