 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the relief that the  HEALS Act will provide to those in farm country and rural America as  they weather the challenges of COVID-19.   It is so important, for they are out there for us every day,  producing that food supply. They had incredible challenges before this  COVID-19 started. The Presiding Officer is from an ag State. He knows  the kind of challenges we are facing. Obviously, we need to be there  for them as we go through this coronavirus fight.   I want to start by thanking them. They provide us with the lowest  cost, highest quality food supply in the world. Think about it. Every  single American benefits every single day from what our farmers and  ranchers do with food, fuel, and fiber. Just the food piece alone means  that Americans have the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the  history of the world. This is thanks to our farmers and ranchers.  Rarely, if ever, has there been a more appropriate time to say thank  you to the men and women who provide us with that food supply, and the  resilience of our ag producers, in the face of tremendous hardship that  has been caused by the global health pandemic, serves as a real  testament to their grit and to their determination.   That is why we have worked to provide additional support for farmers,  ranchers, and processors in this HEALS Act. The legislation includes  $20 billion in direct appropriation, which will be used for our farmers  and ranchers, along with other funding that we were able to secure in  the CARES Act. We are trying to also do it in a cost-effective way. In  recognizing that we have a debt and deficit we have to be mindful of,  what we are trying to do is to actually utilize funding that we put  together in the CARES Act for the CCC, or the Commodity Credit  Corporation. We are taking $14 billion of that and combining it with  the $20 billion from this legislation to make sure that we have  adequate funding--a total of about $34 billion--to address the needs in  farm country.   Prior to the coronavirus, farmers entered 2020 after 7 years of rural  recession caused by low commodity prices, trade disruptions, and some  really tough weather and natural disasters. Yet our farmers and  ranchers are the eternal optimists--they have to be--so they go into  every year with that grit and determination and continue to provide  that food supply that we all rely on.   Now, of course, you add COVID-19 into the mix. Storefronts have  closed. Restaurants have shuttered their doors. Processing plants have  limited and, in some cases, shut down operations. Of course, ag prices  are also down. Farmers and ranchers came into a tough situation and now  face further challenges with the pricing and the other challenges  created by COVID-19, as I said. Though it will take some time to really  quantify those losses, the reports we have right now indicate that  losses in the ag sector could be near $42 billion. For example, losses  in the cattle industry alone could total as much as $13 billion.   We need to be there for them because, again, they are not only out  there producing the food; they are doing other things to help out as  well. For example, there are a couple of stories about our farmer  groups that are making an effort to help others.   In May, R.D. Offutt Farms, which is one of our Nation's premier  potato growers that is based in Fargo, ND, donated 37,000 pounds of  frozen potato products to the Great Plains Food Bank. The North Dakota  Stockmen's Association and its foundation donated $20,000 to the same  food bank to purchase beef from North Dakota ranchers. The North Dakota  Farmers Union and Farmers Union Enterprises teamed up to donate 30,000  pounds of pork ribs to the Great Plains Food Bank as well. Those types  of stories go on.   So while the farmers and ranchers of America are out there, fighting  their own challenges, they are helping others at the same time, and I  think that it is truly, truly remarkable   In the CARES Act, we took the first important step by providing $9.5  billion to the USDA, the Department of Ag, along with the $14 billion,  which I just referenced, to replenish the CCC. As I mentioned earlier,  we have utilized some of that funding to provide assistance, but now we  are going to take that additional $14 billion and combine it with the  funding here of $20 billion to make sure we can get that assistance off  to the farmers.   Again, we are working to do this in a way that is prudent with our  taxpayers' dollars in recognizing the challenges we have with debt and  deficit. We have to be mindful of it, but at the same time, we have to  make sure we are getting adequate assistance out to those great farmers  and ranchers across America who are getting it done for all Americans  every single day.   I yield the floor.   