 Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about what  the voters of America told the elected representatives in Washington  about the election earlier this month. There has been a lot of analysis  about what happened this year in the elections--who got what right, who  got what wrong. The pollsters, the prognosticators, and the pundits-- well, they are already taking a beating for their many wrong  predictions.   The American people in States all across this country and, certainly,  in Wyoming, rejected this far-left agenda. They saw what the Democrats  were offering, and they said: No, thank you. Voters looked at the  violent leftwing protests that have wrecked large cities and small  cities across the country. People saw the death, injuries, and  destruction of property, and Americans went to the polls and said: No,  thank you. They rejected the Democrats' calls to defund the police;  rebuffed the Democrats' threats to pack the Supreme Court; and said no  to one-size-fits-all, government-run healthcare. They snubbed the  Democrats' embrace of the Green New Deal and rejected this far-left  plan to end American energy production. Basically, Americans said no.   Many Democrats ran on this far-left agenda. They lost despite  spending hundreds of millions of dollars trying to convince Americans  otherwise. The Democrats must be asking themselves: What did we get  wrong?   No matter how much the Democrat Party pushes and their candidates  push, America is not a far-left country. Americans don't want to blow  up the Senate or the Supreme Court. They don't want to add more States  to the Union or more Justices to the Court. They don't want to kill our  energy economy and the good jobs it provides. People do not want to pay  $10 a gallon for gasoline when they fill up under the Green New Deal.  They don't want more government meddling in their personal healthcare  decisions.   I know what the people of Wyoming want, and Members ought to know  this. Americans want jobs and security. They want to get back to work  in a free enterprise economy, not a socialist one. They want their kids  back in school safely to make sure they don't fall further behind.  People are smart enough to know that the free stuff for everyone means  the American taxpayer will be left footing the bill.   Between now and the end of the year, we have very important things to  do for the Nation in this body, the U.S. Senate. We need to fund the  government. We need to pass the National Defense Authorization Act. We  need to confirm well-qualified nominees to the Federal judiciary.  Senate Republicans are ready to get that work done. There is also work  to be done in our fight against the coronavirus.   The Democrat House has played politics with American lives and  livelihoods for months now. With the election behind us, I hope it will  take a more sensible approach to this Nation's most pressing problem  right now. For months, Senate Republicans put forward targeted  proposals--first in September, again in October--that provided  comprehensive coronavirus relief, that focused on the coronavirus.  There were 52 Republicans who came to the floor of this Senate and  voted in favor of the proposal. Not a single Democrat voted for it. It  is our plan to get people back to work, to get kids back to school  safely, and to put the disease behind us.   Just last week, Pfizer announced a vaccine that could be 90 percent  effective in the fight against the coronavirus. This morning, it found  out, with more testing and more time, that it will be, actually, 94\1/ 2\ percent effective. Now Moderna and the National Institutes of Health  have developed a vaccine that is almost 95 percent effective. There are  four other vaccines in the trials, and one of the Members of this body,  the Senator from Ohio, is part of the trial of one of those. I believe  additional vaccines will be coming down the pipeline as well.   It was a front-page story yesterday in every major paper in America-- the good news about vaccines and that the light at the end of the  tunnel of the coronavirus is upon us.   Today there was an announcement of an at-home test for coronavirus-- very, very promising.   But when we think about the vaccine and why this all happened,  Congress wisely invested $18 billion for vaccine treatment and for  research, and it is paying off.   The Governor of New York, astonishingly, called this bad news. He  said this is bad news. It had to do with the fact that this is coming  out now, and he wanted it to wait for a couple of months, after a  Presidential inauguration.   Why is it bad news that, through innovation and the work of the Cures  Act, which came out of this body under the Republican majority and was  then accepted by unanimous consent in the House--why is it bad news  that we may be able to save millions, if not tens of millions, of lives  all around the world? Why is it bad news, as the Governor of New York  calls it? Why is it bad news that American invention and innovation and  an investment by this body has brought about such a tremendous--what I  would call as a doctor--modern medical miracle?   Now, we still need to provide additional funding for vaccine  distribution, and there is going to be a briefing tomorrow for all the  Senators on both sides of the aisle with Operation Warp Speed to talk  with the heads of research and distribution about how to make sure we  can continue on this path to success--a path that the New York Times  yesterday described as one that could lead to 20 million people being  vaccinated before the end of this year. Bad news, says the Governor of  New York, because it came this year rather than after January 20.   It is distressing that an elected official would behave that way, in  such a callous manner toward the lives, as well as the livelihood, of  so many Americans.   We still have work to do. At every turn, Democrats have blocked our  [[Page S7052]]  path. They are keeping us stuck and America stuck in this coronavirus  crisis by demanding funding for things unrelated to coronavirus, per  the Speaker of the House. You say: Oh, no, she wanted this $3 trillion  for all sorts of things unrelated to coronavirus. She has more money in  that bill to send direct paychecks to illegal immigrants--people in  this country illegally--than she does for coronavirus vaccines.   That is the kind of opposition and leftist thinking that we have been  running into here in this body and that the American people rejected on  election day and said: No, we want a path forward. We want to continue  the great American comeback. We want our jobs. We want our kids. We  want that path forward.   There is still more work to be done, and we are ready to do it.   I yield the floor.   