 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  in permitting me to speak on this.   I commend our leadership, the Speaker, for again putting forward  legislation to support working families, local government, and  healthcare as we deal with the COVID-19 pandemic.   This updated Heroes Act provides for another round of cash payments,  housing and food assistance, help for unemployed workers, and targeted  relief for small businesses who need it most, like independent  restaurants.   I would like to speak on that for a moment because I am very proud  that this legislation includes $120 billion from our RESTAURANTS Act  for saving 500,000 independent restaurants and their 11 million  employees. This sector of the economy totals $1 trillion when you deal  with all those organizations, all their supply chains, and ancillary  effects.   Local, independent restaurants are the cornerstone of communities  large and small, your community and mine. I think it is hard to imagine  what life would be like in Oklahoma City or Cincinnati or Portland,  Oregon, without those vital institutions. That is where communities  come together. They provide a disproportionate avenue for economic  success for minorities, immigrants, and women-owned enterprises. A  restaurant for many of us was the first job, and it is an avenue for  moving forward.   They are, unfortunately, hurting more than any other industry. They  are the largest contributor to unemployment. One in four job losses is  in this industry. We have a chance to do something about it. They are  the largest contributor of unemployment of any sector--one in four job  losses. In fact, they were half the unemployed in April. Already one in  six restaurants have closed their doors permanently, but this  legislation provides relief for those who are hanging on by a thread.   The evidence is that if we don't take action like this that is  targeted for independent restaurants, we are going to have 85 percent  of them close by the end of the year permanently.   The Heroes Act targets $120 billion of our RESTAURANTS Act that would  generate $250 billion in economic impact. It would support millions of  restaurant workers, truck drivers, farmers, and fishermen--people who  support this critical industry. It is not just the fruits and  vegetables and the linens. Think about it for a moment, Madam Speaker.  All of those are involved.   This legislation would, by giving $120 billion of direct relief,  provide $250 billion in economic savings by having people not filing  bankruptcy and not adding to the unemployed ranks, but keeping them in  business paying taxes, paying employees, and keeping those essential  food supply chains going.    Madam Speaker, independent restaurants are the true  and quintessential embodiment of small businesses. What this  legislation is geared for is the small, independent restaurants. That  assistance is more important now than ever.   It is sad that we have not had much bipartisan support in the House  for this, although in the Senate there are 40 cosponsors including a  number of Republicans led by Senator Wicker from Mississippi. I would  hope that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would see fit to  vote for this legislation, vote to save independent restaurants, and be  able to move forward in a way that will benefit every community across  America.   