 Mr. President, we are 40 days today from a general  election--40 days--40 days until the American people make their choice,  or at least that is the idea.   But there are a group of people who seem intent on influencing the  people's choice, on manipulating it, on shaping it according to their  own preferences. I am not talking about China or Russia or Iran; I am  talking about a group of corporations--the most powerful corporations  in the history of this Nation, the most powerful corporations in the  history of the world. I am talking about being Big Tech.   We know who they are. They run the giant digital platforms, the  places where Americans communicate and share their opinions. But those  platforms are more than that. They are more than places to talk or buy  things. Facebook and Google, Twitter and  [[Page S5853]]  Instagram and YouTube--these are the platforms that control more and  more of our daily lives.   And, yes, I said ``control.'' These platforms control our social  communication, the way that we talk to each other, when and how, where,  and on what terms. They control what news we read or even what news we  see.   They control more and more journalism in America, right down to what  is in news articles and how the headlines are written.   They control how elected officials communicate with their  constituents, when they can run advertisements, what their messages can  say and can't.   And they want to control us. Big Tech platforms relentlessly spy on  their customers--you and me. They track us around the web. They monitor  our every move online and even when we are offline.   They track our location and whether we are in a car or riding a bike  or on the street. They track the websites that we visit and when. They  track the things that we buy. They track the videos that we watch. They  track what our children are doing. They track everything--all with the  purpose of getting enough information on each one of us to influence  us, to shape our preferences and opinions and viewpoints.   This is enormous power--unheard of power--and the Big Tech platforms  are intent on using it. They are intent on using it in this election.   Let's just cut to the chase: The Big Tech platforms are owned and  operated by woke capitalists. They are leftists. They are liberals.  They are not conservatives. They are no friend to conservatives. They  fervently opposed the election of Donald Trump and other conservatives  in 2016. They fervently oppose it this year.   Now they are trying to use their power to shape the outcome of an  election. For months, the tech platforms have been engaging in  escalating acts of censorship--political censorship--aimed at  conservatives.   They have censored the President of the United States. They have  banned pro-life groups from their sites. They have tried to silence  independent conservative journalists like the Federalist.   Now, the censorship is never against liberals, notice. No, Joe Biden  isn't censored. Pro-choice groups aren't discriminated against. Liberal  news sites, they don't get threatened and bullied and shut out.   No, Big Tech targets conservatives for censorship for a simple  reason: They don't like conservatives. They don't agree with  conservatives. They don't want to see conservatives get elected.   Here is the thing: If they are allowed to use their power in this  way, if they are permitted to leverage their control over news and  information and data to silence the voices of conservatives, then we  will be turning control of our government over to them.   Big Tech targets conservatives for censorship for a simple reason:  They don't like conservatives. They don't agree with conservatives.   We will be turning control of our elections over to them, control of  the Nation over to them. Let's just be clear. No corporation should run  America. No set of corporate overlords should substitute their judgment  for the judgment of ``we the people.'' No woke capitalists should be  able to shape the outcome of an election by silencing speech. That is  why we have to act, and act today.   There is a simple, straightforward solution to the censorship power  of these digital platforms: Let those who have been censored claim  their rights. Let them sue. Let them go to court. Let them challenge  the decisions of the tech platforms and have their day before the bar  of the law. Right now, Federal law prohibits this. It prevents  Americans from challenging the tech platforms and their censorship. It  prevents Americans from challenging just about anything that the tech  companies do.   That should change. That is why today I urge this body to adopt my  legislation, which I have proudly introduced, along with Senators  Rubio, Cotton, Braun, and Loeffler, to give every American who is  unfairly censored the right to have his or her day in court, the right  to stand and be heard, the right to fairness and due process of law.  This is a stand we must take in defense of free speech, in defense of  our elections, but more importantly, above all, in defense of our  democracy and the rule of ``we the people.''   So I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Commerce be  discharged from further consideration of S. 3983 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I will just say to my friend, the  Democratic Senator describes a world that just doesn't exist. He says  Section 230 protects the little guy? Section 230 protects the most  powerful corporations in the history of the world. Google and Facebook  aren't the little guy. Instagram and Twitter aren't the little guy.   Do you know who is left vulnerable by those mega corporations? The  people who don't have a voice. The people who, when they get  deplatformed, don't have an option. If you are silenced by Google or  Facebook or Twitter, what is your option? None. Nothing. You can't be  heard. You can't go to court. You can't do anything.   Every American should have the right, if they are unfairly  discriminated against because of their political views, to at least be  heard in court.   Section 230, as it exists today and as it is currently being applied,  protects the most powerful corporations. It protects and has protected  human traffickers. It protects some of the worst abuses of free speech  in our society. That is why I will continue to fight to have it  reformed and continue to fight to give the American people a voice.   I yield the floor.   