 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss  this unprecedented obstruction that American families are facing from  the Democrats. In a time when Congress really should be working toward  bipartisan solutions on coronavirus, Democrats keep obstructing--over  and over and over again.   It does seem to be their singular focus. It seems to me that they are  going to continue to obstruct all the way until November 3, election  day, putting politics first and American families last.   The obstruction has reached levels that has even made Members of  their own caucus ``uncomfortable,'' ``alarmed,'' and ``frustrated.''  Now, those are not my words; they are the words of Democrats sitting in  Congress, in the United States, in this very building. Democrats are  telling their leaders that the leaders are failing them by failing to  compromise and work together toward solutions that would benefit the  American people.   So the bad news for American families is that, last week, Democrats  in this body, in the U.S. Senate, blocked, obstructed a targeted  coronavirus aid package with policies, amazingly, that the Democrats  had at one time supported. But they came here to the floor of the  Senate and voted, in lockstep, no--no to children, no to jobs, no to  paychecks, no to fighting the disease.   They actually blocked relief that would, one, have gotten kids back  to school so kids wouldn't fall further behind from the school they  have already missed, and it would have let parents get back to work.  They voted no. They blocked people getting back to work safely. They  blocked paycheck protection money so that paychecks could continue to  go and businesses--small businesses--could remain open.   They blocked money for vaccines and treatment, for testing, so we  could put the disease in the rearview mirror.   Now, the good news is that the majority of the Senate did support the  legislation to help children and their parents and workers and the  small businesses and the medical personnel fighting against the  disease. But all those votes came from the Republican side of the  aisle. Republicans are united. The Republican bill received 52 ``yes''  votes. All 52 were Republican. Not one single Democrat voted yes, even  though the majority of that body had backed the relief efforts.   When you talked to them, they said, oh, yes, they are for this and  this and this, but they voted on the U.S. Senate floor to block it. It  is interesting. They even blocked allowing the Senate to discuss these  issues. All we did was  [[Page S5643]]  come to the floor and say: We have some proposals. Let's discuss them.  If you don't like them, offer amendments. We can discuss those, debate  those.   They even blocked a motion to move to get that bill to the floor of  the Senate--step 1 of legislating. They said no. So they may say they  want to help the American people, but that is not what happened on the  floor of the U.S. Senate.   The New York Times had a headline that said: ``Hopes Dim for More  Stimulus as Democrats Block Narrow GOP Plan.'' Well, they are right; it  is a narrow plan because it is targeted. It is targeted to kids and  schools, to workers, jobs, and the disease.   It doesn't include all of the extraneous things that Nancy Pelosi and  the House put in: money for environmental justice; money for the  National Endowment; money for this, that, and the next thing; money  for--you name it--direct paychecks to illegal immigrants. That is just  the tip of the iceberg when you take a look at their entire list. To  me, it was Nancy Pelosi living on ``Fantasy Island.''   POLITICO said of the vote: ``Senate Democrats block Republican COVID  relief proposal''--Senate Democrats block--once again, blocking the  things that the American families all across this country are asking  when they look to Congress for help and relief.   USA TODAY had the headline: ``Senate Democrats block $300 billion  coronavirus stimulus package, leaving little hope for relief before  November''--$300 billion. That is a huge amount of money that could do  so much to help our schools, to help our students, to help small  businesses, to help our workers, and to help fight the disease.   Unfortunately, this has been the record that we have seen coming from  the Democrats ever since the pandemic began. While the virus was raging  in March, Democrats delayed help for Americans by blocking the CARES  Act.   The New York Times headline at that time, on March 22, said:  ``Emergency Economic Rescue Plan in Limbo as Democrats Block Action.''  So they were blocking it back in March, and they were blocking it last  Thursday.   In April, as small businesses were forcibly shut down by the  government, they were fighting to, one day, reopen their doors--that is  all they wanted to do, get back to business; they wanted to keep  employees on the payroll--Democrats, once again, blocked funding for  the Paycheck Protection Program.   This is a wonderful program, Mr. President. Thirteen thousand of  these loans were taken in the State of Wyoming by small businesses. I  am sure, in your home State of South Dakota, similar small businesses  took advantage of this opportunity. Our average loan was about $78,000.  These are small businesses that just needed help making the payroll,  keeping people working, keeping people on the payroll, looking forward  to the days that they could return to business as usual.   What was the NPR, National Public Radio, point on this on April 9? It  was this: ``Senate Democrats Block GOP Efforts to Boost Small Business  Aid''--Senate Democrats blocking aid for small businesses all across  the country.   Then, in August, as unemployment insurance was set to expire,  Republicans asked for consent on this floor to extend the program.  Democrats came to this very floor and, once again, objected.   So, today, with an opportunity to finish the fight against  coronavirus, the Democrats have a full roadblock in place against any  further relief. The cold, hard truth that we face is that they have  delayed aid, and they have divided this country all year long.   I would go so far as to say this has hurt the country; it has hurt  families; it has hurt our students; it has hurt our schools; it has  hurt our healthcare providers; and it has certainly hurt people trying  to recover from the disease.   Remember that the year started with the Democrats' completely  partisan impeachment farce. We sat here, day after day, listening as  the Democrats brought forth charge after charge against the President.  That is how we started the year, and now we are ending with their  blocking of coronavirus relief.   Let me assure the country, Republicans will not let you down.  Republicans will continue working to put the virus in the rearview  mirror and deliver what we are seeing right now, and it is the great  American comeback. It is people getting back to work--over 10 million  Americans back to work over the last 4 months. It is an unemployment  rate down below 9 percent. It was over 9 percent for 4 months.   It is businesses reopening, kids going back to school, a vaccine on  the way--great, optimistic ideas and thoughts regarding the vaccine. I  met with the Secretary of Health and Human Services earlier today. I am  very encouraged and optimistic about a vaccine being available to many  at the end of the year.   So there is a lot to be optimistic about as the country comes back  from the coronavirus because this is the great American comeback.   I yield the floor.   (Mr. BARRASSO assumed the Chair.)   