 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I appreciate those kind words, and it is an honor, indeed, in every way  to serve with you both here in the Congress and for the kingdom of our  Lord.   I go back, and I think of some of the words of our very first  President. He said that there were two indispensable supports,  indispensable supports, upon which this entire Nation rests. They were  religion and morality.   And about those things he said: In vain would that person claim the  tribute of patriotism, who would labor to subvert these two pillars of  human happiness. In fact, he said, you could not claim to be a patriot  if you did not understand the role of religion and morality as  indispensable supports of this great country.   And the reason for that is because this concept of limited government  can only work when the people are able to self-govern their own lives  with an authentic understanding of right and wrong.   It is when people are able to govern their lives properly that we are  able to enjoy the blessings of liberty in a country with limited  government overseeing and bearing down on our lives.   And so these are indispensable supports, supports these days that we  are chipping away at, chipping away at on a regular basis. We see the  results of it as now night after night on television we are watching  radical left groups hijacking our cities and turning them into war  zones.   We are watching the horror, the spectacle of the violence and the  burning and the looting, the destruction of human lives and businesses,  of dreams, of what America consists of. And here we sit in this place  doing virtually nothing about it. The silence is not only deafening, it  is frightful, as we sit here doing nothing.    In fact, the chants continue. From the other side of the aisle it  seems as though there is an embracing of these types of chants that all  cops are bad, to defund the police. It is as though we don't realize  that it is impossible to have law and order if in the mix of it  somewhere we don't have law enforcement. These types of chants are not  only idiotic, they are dangerous, and they have consequences. This type  of rhetoric in and of itself lights a fire for more of it. And we are  watching the consequences, as my friend just talked about a few moments  ago, as police officers are killed and shot and cities destroyed.   Is this the kind of country we want to leave to our children and our  grandchildren? Do we want to pass this problem on to them and say: Tag,  you're it; you go fix it?   This is our country, both sides of the aisle. This is our country.  These are our dreams. These are our values of life and liberty and the  pursuit of happiness, and we are watching them burn down right in front  of us while we do nothing about it.   Now is the time for this Chamber to stand up and to be vocal that we  as Americans, from both sides of the aisle, love those things that  unite us as a Nation, as we continue down this path of opposition to  the Judeo-Christian principles upon which our Nation was founded on.  The truth is Marxism and anarchy have no place in America, and it is  our responsibility to defend those rights, to defend those blessings.  Now is the time to stand up and discontinue this assault on our country  and the values that bring us together and bring people from all over  the world to this great Nation, rather than for us to continue burning  them down.   I want to thank my friend. The reality is if we do not stand up for  American values and these great principles, no one else will. It is our  task in this Chamber to do the right thing. And I deeply appreciate my  friend for leading the way on this issue and for allowing me a few  moments to speak.   