 Mr. President, I am sorry I didn't come to the floor  quickly enough to wish my friend Jim Inhofe and his wife the best. He  is one of the real contributors in the U.S. Senate and has been for  years. He is a special individual. He decided to take an interest in  the continent of Africa. I don't know that there is another Senator who  knows as much about that continent as he does. He has been there so  many times. His stories, many of them, relate to countries that few  people have heard of. He has made a special point to understand that  continent, the people on it, in addition to his responsibilities  serving the State of Oklahoma and, of course, now, as chairman of the  Armed Services Committee, his responsibility for funding the Department  of Defense. He and our Democratic colleague, Senator Jack Reed of Rhode  Island, have done a remarkable bipartisan job on that Defense  authorization, let me add.   I sincerely hope that the President will sign that bill. His  objections to it have nothing to do with the military or defense of our  country. They relate to issues which are thorny, political issues that  shouldn't slow down these critical programs.   This authorization bill comes at an exceptional time. We have been  learning over the last few weeks about a massive cyber security breach  of our government, probably by the Russians. It has all the earmarks  and fingerprints of Vladimir Putin project to compromise our national  security and to create chaos whenever possible. We learned of it 4  years ago in the 2016 election, when every intelligence agency of our  government agreed that the Russians were meddling in our election and  doing their best to subvert the will of the American people.   We made strong statements in opposition to it, and we took action.  Some of it has been publicly reported, and some of it has been  disclosed to Members of Congress in a classified setting.   We were successful in thwarting their efforts in the 2018 election. I  want to salute all of those who were responsible for that effort. In  2020, I believe the same can be said. We will know more as we sift  through the evidence.   This latest disclosure is really troubling. We believe that beginning  in March of this year, the Russians started compromising our cyber  security network in many different ways. Every day there is a new  disclosure of another agency that reports that they have somehow  wheedled their way into this important, critical information. How much  they know, what they have gained, how much they have compromised us, we  don't know yet. It certainly is unnerving, and it deserves a very  thorough--thorough--investigation as to how we failed.   You see, the United States was not taking anything for granted. We  were literally spending billions--billions--of dollars for the safety  of the security systems. We knew that included in those systems was  information which is essential for the protection of the United States.  To think that has been compromised at the hands of one of our  implacable foes is certainly unnerving. I believe we should initiate a  thorough and complete investigation, let the chips fall where they may,  establish where we have failed from a technology viewpoint, and if any  individuals are responsible, that they be held accountable.   At the same time, I have to say that I join the Presiding Officer in  commenting on one particular aspect of this that I just can't  understand. The White House has been virtually silent as all of these  facts have unfolded by the day. I cannot understand that--why the  Commander in Chief of the United States of America has not spoken out  forcefully against the Russians for their involvement in this cyber  security breach, why he has not likened this to a virtual invasion of  the United States when it comes to our own national security. I believe  that we should have been firm from the beginning and honest with the  American people, as well, about the nature of this threat. Instead,  this President has been silent.   I recall not that long ago, a few months ago, we disclosed--we found  evidence that the Russians were offering bounties on the heads of  American soldiers in Afghanistan. It is an outrageous and unthinkable  act. Yet the White House was silent, refused to respond to what I  know--because I have seen it--was credible evidence that this was  linked directly to Moscow and the operatives of the Russian Government.  The attempted assassination of Navalny, the dissident in Russia, has  been well documented. Yet, again, our White House, our President are  silent. I don't understand it.   I am hopeful that the new President, Joe Biden, when he takes office  January 20, will make it a priority to establish a new understanding  and relationship with Vladimir Putin. The United States cannot be a  victim of Putin over and over again without speaking out--and more. I  am counting on Joe Biden to do that. I believe he will. He is a  realist. I know he wants peace in the world, and I do, too, but we also  must defend this country. The men and women in uniform who risk their  lives every single day should be our highest priority.   I am heartened by Joe Biden's closing that he is using in all of his  public speeches now. He, of course, says it more artfully than I will,  but he calls on God to bless America but also God to keep our troops  safe. I am sure it has special meaning to him since the death of his  son Beau is a reminder of the sacrifices that not only the men and  women in uniform but their families make for us every single day. I  hope that continues to be the watchword of his administration.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the Protect  and Serving Act of 2020 that has been offered by my colleague and  friend Senator Tillis creates a new Federal crime that would punish  assaults on law enforcement officers, including State and local  officers, by up to 10 years and up to life if death results from the  offense or the offense involves kidnapping, attempted kidnapping, or  attempt to kill.   Let me say at the outset that I had a few seconds to communicate with  my colleague before this official colloquy on the floor.   I say to the Senator, I sensed in your voice and what you told me how  personal this is to you. This just isn't the killing of a law  enforcement officer, which is a tragedy all of itself. It is your  neighborhood. It is your community. As you said, some of these  officers, you know their families, and it is very personal.   I want to say first, I offer my condolences to the families and  colleagues of Officer Jason Shuping, who lost his life in Concord, NC,  and Officer Tyler Avery Herndon, who lost his life in Mount Holly in  the line of duty in North Carolina in the last few weeks. These are  terrible tragedies.   We had a similar situation, of all places, in the Loop in Chicago  just a couple of years ago--Commander Paul Bauer. What a spectacular  man he was in service to the city of Chicago and the State of Illinois.  He was murdered in the Loop. Unfortunately, his poor young family had  to go through the ordeal not only of the funeral but also, then, of the  trial of the suspect. I raise that only because Paul Bauer's assailant  was successfully prosecuted by the State of Illinois and was given a  life sentence just recently.   As is the case in most of these situations, to my knowledge, I would  say to the Senator from North Carolina, every State, including his own,  takes this very seriously and prosecutes cases of harm involving law  enforcement officers.   The individual responsible for shooting Officer Shuping is dead. If  he had lived, he would have been prosecuted for a capital offense in  North Carolina. The individual who allegedly shot Officer Herndon has  been indicted for first-degree murder in North Carolina.   So it raises the question, why is it necessary to create a Federal  crime for something already being successfully prosecuted in every  State in the Nation? Assaults on police officers are already  criminalized with enhanced penalties, as they should be, and assaults  on Federal officers are already Federal offenses. I have a lengthy list  here, which I will not read to you, of all of the Federal statutes that  already provide for punishment up to death and a life sentence for  those Federal officers who would be shot or harmed in any way.   So let me say this to my friend and colleague from North Carolina: I  thank you for standing up on the floor and bringing this matter to our  attention. We should never overlook the fact that these men and women  serve us selflessly and risk their lives in the process. It has  happened here in the Capitol. It happens in every corner of America,  sadly. But let's save this for another day. Let's take this up in the  new Congress, which is about to start in just a few days. Let's address  this issue, as well as the issue of how to make the plight of our law  enforcement officers safer and more effective. To deal with issues  involving that, I think, would be a balanced approach to this, which  would serve justice.   For those reasons, I will object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we had a hearing this week, the  Immigration Subcommittee of Senate Judiciary, and Senator Blumenthal  was there with me and others. We listened to people from Hong Kong tell  the story of what is happening because of the repressive regime in  Beijing and what is happening to those in Hong Kong who are  demonstrating in favor of democracy.   This hearing on the crisis in Hong Kong also raised a lot of  questions about the United States and our own immigration and refugee  policy toward those who are being persecuted.   At the hearing, there was some powerful testimony. I recall one of  the witnesses, Mr. Chu, who said that he was aware of students--Chinese  students--currently in the United States who have already been  designated as enemies of the state by China and who, if they are forced  to return to China, will face prosecution, imprisonment, and who knows.  It was a very personal story because these people are friends of his  who, through no fault of their own, only speaking out against the  regime in Beijing, now will face long prison sentences if forced to  return to China.   I am amazed, as I meet these people from China and Hong Kong, at the  courage they show. Mr. Chu, for example, had come to the United  States--been sent to the United States by his father at the age of 12  because his father had made a practice of helping the Chinese who had  demonstrated on Tiananmen Square and providing the equivalent of an  underground railroad for them to escape China. I guess the people in  Beijing were on his heels, and so to protect his family, he sent his  12-year-old son to the United States, who has lived here for a number  of years. He is an American citizen now.   This repression and the Chinese Government meddling in the lives of  the people of Hong Kong are appalling. Thousands of protestors in Hong  Kong have been persecuted for fighting for the liberties that we  Americans routinely say we enjoy--freedoms of assembly and speech, the  right to vote, due process, and the rule of law.   The national security law imposed on Hong Kong by the Chinese  Communist Party in June has enabled the ruthless abuse of protesters,  political leaders, journalists, and teachers. Despite its name, the  national security law is not about security; it is about fear--fear of  the voices in Hong Kong calling for reform of democracy and freedom.   I believe my colleagues on both sides of the aisle share my feelings  about the crisis in Hong Kong, but the question today is, What are we  willing to do about it?   Last week, on a unanimous voice vote, the House of Representatives  passed the bipartisan Hong Kong People's Freedom and Choice Act, which  would grant temporary protected status to Hong Kong residents currently  in the United States and provide an opportunity for refugee status to  Hongkongers facing persecution.   At Wednesday's Judiciary Committee hearing, we received a clear  message: Congress needs to pass the Hong Kong People's Freedom and  Choice Act in the Senate now. We can do it. In fact, we can do it  today. Think about the message it would send from the United States to  Hong Kong and to the world if we sent this bill to the President's desk  to be signed into law. It is bipartisan. It was unanimous in the House.  It is timely, and it addresses a real problem.   Under the bill, Hong Kong would be designated for TPS for 18 months.  To qualify for TPS status, eligible Hongkongers currently in the United  States would need to first clear a criminal history and national  security screening and pay a $360 filing fee.   Some of the critics have said: We can't trust the Chinese in the  United States. They may be spies.   That is why we require, under the TPS, that anyone applying for this  TPS status has to go through a criminal background check and a national  security screening.   I want America to be safe--we all do--but just to categorically say  ``If you are from China or from Hong Kong, you are a suspicious  character, and we don't want you to stay here'' isn't fair. It isn't  realistic.   Sixty-seven hundred students are here now legally in the United  States from Hong Kong and China, and they were admitted to the United  States under standards and investigations. They are students at our  universities, and they would qualify for this important temporary  humanitarian protection so that they aren't forced to return to a  literally dangerous situation.   TPS can be granted by the President if he wishes, but the Trump  administration has failed to protect Hongkongers in need.   This bill also establishes expedited refugee and asylum access for  qualified individuals and their family members. This would enable  persecuted Hongkongers to register with any U.S. Embassy or Consulate,  or with the Department of Homeland Security if they are in the United  States.    Refugees and asylees would be required to meet all legal requirements  and pass background checks before  [[Page S7689]]  being granted status in the United States. That is just not a minor  administrative chore. We are serious about it. If you want to come to  the United States as a refugee or asylee, we will do everything we can  to make certain that you are no danger to anyone in the United States.   The refugee policies of this outgoing administration have put at risk  Hongkongers who are fleeing Chinese persecution, not to mention  millions of other vulnerable refugees. Since the enactment of the  Refugee Act of 1980, the United States has resettled on average of  80,000 refugees a year. That is our annual average since 1980. However,  in the midst of the worst refugee crisis in history, the current Trump  administration has set record low refugee admissions figures for 4  years in a row, culminating in the lowest levels in history this year  at 15,000--from 80,000 to 15,000.   How many refugees has the United States admitted from Hong Kong in  the last year? Zero--not one.   When you look at what the Communist Chinese Party is doing in China,  threatening these demonstrators who are marching in the streets for  things that we say over and over are the underpinnings of our  democracy, and to think that we have not granted one single person in  Hong Kong refugee status is hard to imagine. The Trump administration  has decimated legal protections for Hongkongers and other innocent  victims of persecution.   For example, under the rule issued last week, Hongkongers could be  denied asylum if they transit other countries on the way to the United  States, if persecutors detain them for only a brief period, or if  persecutors were not able to carry out their threats before the  activist fled.   According to the testimony of the Hong Kong Democracy Council  executive director, Samuel Chu, on Wednesday--I mentioned him earlier-- the people most immediately at risk in Hong Kong are the approximately  10,000 individuals who have been arrested by the Chinese Government  crackdown.   Make no mistake. We know what the Chinese Communist Party is up to.  As for these concentration camps--they call them reeducation camps-- that they created for the Uyghurs, we know what they are doing. They  characterize them in many different ways, but we have seen this  throughout history. The question is, What are we going to do about it?   We are going to protest what is happening to the people in Hong Kong,  but will we take one step--even one small step--to provide them  security and safety?   Not all of them are going to wish to leave Hong Kong, I understand  that. Some of them can't. Some of them may receive assistance from  another country. The British Prime Minister has offered a path to  citizenship to up to 3 million Hongkongers eligible for overseas  passports. The Australian Government has stepped in with visa options  for students and workers from Hong Kong. Canada announced multiple new  immigration measures supporting Hong Kong residents, including measures  to help Hong Kong students in Canada.   I have a basic question. What are we going to do? You hear this about  the British stepping up, the Australians stepping up, the Canadians  stepping up. Where is the United States?   This is our chance today. Senator Blumenthal is going to make a  unanimous consent request to actually have the United States do  something.   One country cannot take in all the refugees from Hong Kong nor should  it be expected to, but surely the United States of America, the most  powerful nation on the Earth and, we hope, a model for democracy in the  world, cannot protest what is happening to the innocent people of Hong  Kong and the repressive regime of Beijing and then do nothing.   Passing the Hong Kong People's Freedom and Choice Act is urgently  needed. The situation continues to deteriorate. We need to do it and do  it quickly. We need to protect Hongkongers in need. Think about the  message that it sends to the world if the United States agrees with  Senator Blumenthal's request today and passes the measure that has  already passed the House of Representatives and it becomes the law of  the land. How will the Chinese Government pass that off as  insignificant, when all of these countries are basically saying their  treatment of the people of Hong Kong is abominable?   We should act quickly. The Senate Judiciary Committee has failed to  raise another bill, the Hong Kong Safe Harbor Act, sent to it 6 months  ago. So they have had their opportunity in the committee to do  something. Under the Democratic majority, the House did their job and  acted quickly with a bipartisan bill.   We have seen a lot of speeches on both sides of the aisle about how  mad we are at the Chinese Government. The question today, in the next  few minutes, is, Are we mad enough to do something?   Do something significant. I ask the Senate to join the House in  passing the Hong Kong People's Freedom and Choice Act now. Let's send  this bill to the President and send a strong message to the people of  Hong Kong that they are not in this alone.   How fortunate I am to have a colleague like Dick Blumenthal. We see  eye-to-eye on this issue. He jumped on the measure and said he wanted  to move on it, and I thought, darn, I wish I would have been the first  one, but I am happy to accompany him on this effort.   I sincerely hope that this is truly bipartisan. If our protest  against the Communist Party of China is meaningful and bipartisan, it  will be powerful   I yield to my colleague, Senator Blumenthal.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    I would ask the question through the Chair. Isn't it true  [[Page S7691]]  that this bill that we are promoting, which just passed the House  unanimously on a bipartisan basis, also protects the 6,700 students  here in the United States with student visas from being forced to  return to Hong Kong when our State Department is warning Americans it  is unsafe for them to travel to Hong Kong? Is that not true?    If the Senator would yield further for a question--and  this notion that the Chinese in the United States are all suspect  spies, is it really--is that the point you want to make? Is that really  the point you want to make? Do we have background checks involved here?  Do we have screening involved here?   We are all intent on keeping America safe, but to categorize a group  of people as all potential spies--and, therefore, they are going to all  be fed to the lions of Beijing if they are returned--seems to me to be  fundamentally unfair and not consistent with what America has learned  about immigration. There were suspicions in World War II about all  those people coming from Europe, and they were turned away, many of  them to their death. We can't make that mistake again. If there is any  suspect person, there is a way to determine that with screening,  criminal background checks, and the like.   So the 6,700 who are here, we were told at the hearing--I think you  were there; it may have been a minute or two before you arrived--one of  them is a student of Georgetown, for example, who now has a price on  his head from the Chinese Communist Party, and the question is whether  we are going to force him to return into imprisonment. I don't think we  want anyone who is suspected of spying on the United States at all, but  to dismiss all of these people as possible spies doesn't sound to me-- does it sound to you?--as consistent with who we are as a people.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Can you tell me, if you are successful and if you hit  Hollywood hard, how that provides any solace to the 6,700 Hong Kong  students in America who are facing deportation back to prison in China?   