 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chris Smith for his  leadership and his commitment to advancing pro-life legislation for  literally decades now. He has been a leader for many of us, and we have  watched and followed in his footsteps in many ways.   A previous speaker,   Andy Harris, mentioned that his birthday is  next week, and I share something with him because my birthday happens  to be next week as well. Not only is it next week, but it is on January  22, which is the very day that the horrific Roe v. Wade decision was  issued.   For decades now, I literally, on my birthday, with all of the joy  that you have with your family or with friends and colleagues in  celebrating your birthday, I can't help but think of those millions and  millions of little, innocent, unborn babies that were not born, that  have never experienced life because of a tragic decision that was made  that they had no part in making, but their life was ended before they  were able to share the blessing that life is.   That is why we need to overturn that horrific Roe v. Wade decision.  Many of us have been working for years and  [[Page H284]]  years now to do that, or to do everything we can up to that point  until, ultimately, the court makes that decision.   We have a responsibility, I believe, to protect the most vulnerable  among us, and that is innocent, unborn babies. It was one of the  principal reasons that I wanted to come to Congress. It was one of the  principal reasons that I wanted to be on the Judiciary Committee.   I was blessed to be chosen by one of the legends in the pro-life  community, probably the father of the pro-life movement here in the  House, and that was the late Henry Hyde who chaired the Judiciary  Committee.   Next to Henry, Chris Smith certainly is the leader since Henry. But  as the gentleman mentioned, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, it  took me a number of years and I was able to work my way up to the chair  of that committee and did successfully pass the Born-Alive Infants  Protection Act which saved babies that they were literally finding in  soiled utility closets.   We had nurses who had formerly worked in abortion clinics and they  came and told terrible stories of what had happened. That is now no  longer the law, but we need to go beyond that.   After that, we went on to pass probably what is the most significant  pro-life legislation since Roe v. Wade and that is the ban on partial- birth abortion, which I offered along with many other Members.   We fought for 8 years--Steve King and so many other folks--and went  all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court twice.   I remember when that decision came down. I was in the Judiciary  Committee when we all heard about it and we were so excited. We don't  know exactly how many babies--we think tens of thousands every year-- that that has saved, but we are still losing so many other innocent,  unborn lives here in this Nation. There have been 61 million since Roe  v. Wade that we know of.   I want to thank all of my colleagues who are here this evening and  spending their time to do something, I think, which is probably one of  the most worthy things we can do with our time here in the House, and  that is to try to protect those who cannot protect themselves.   I thank everyone that is here.   