 Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of this  resolution offered by my colleague, my dear colleague, Pramila Jayapal  and others. I thank her for her hard work.   Halloween is getting close, but it is Halloween every day at the  Irwin County Detention Center.   Many of the police officers just outside the facility when we arrived  were not wearing masks, and it was only the day before our visit that  detainees were issued masks. Prior to that, many had worn the mask they  had had on when they were first booked into the facility many months  ago. Some had been wearing old panties as masks.   But the horror stories were the experiences these women told of being  subjected to gynecological surgery, intrusions into their body absent  their informed consent.   As these women spoke, their eyes revealed the horror of what had been  done to them. Many clutched or rubbed their midsection, still in  physical pain as they recounted what they had been through and the  mental and physical pain they still endure after being traumatized by  Dr. Amin.   The Irwin County Detention Center is managed by a for-profit  corporation. That industry's stock went through the roof when Trump was  elected. He has delivered on their investment, and it has been open  season on detainees ever since.   These companies rake in billions in taxpayer dollars to house,  clothe, and feed detainees. Some of the women had been issued  deportation orders 6, 8 months, even a year ago, but they are still  being detained, and taxpayers foot the bill so that corporations can  maximize huge profits. They profit by paying slave wages to detainees  to cook and clean the facility. They profit off of phone calls in the  commissary.   Somebody is also profiting off of churning these women's bodies for  unnecessary medical procedures, paid for by the taxpayers.   This is not right. It is immoral to profit off of human suffering and  misery.   This horror show must end. We need to shut it down and shut it down  now.   