 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the  Democrat bill entitled Delivering for America Act. What an  irresponsible and dishonest title.   Democratic leadership must take the American people as fools. This  bill attempts to deceive the American people by manufacturing a crisis  that simply does not exist.   This bill also distracts this body from actually doing something in  this Chamber that matters, like condemning violent mobs terrorizing our  communities, like helping hardworking families across this country in  this unprecedented time of need.   Madam Speaker, here are the facts: The United States Postal Service  is a Blockbuster video in a Netflix world. Everyone knows it is a  broken business model. It has failed its workers; it has failed its  retirees; and it has failed the American taxpayers.   Despite the need for long-term reform, the Postal Service currently  has $15 billion in cash on hand and $10 billion more from the CARES  Act.   The independent Postal Service Board and the independent Postmaster  General have repeatedly assured the American people that they can  handle the increased volume in mail-in voting.   Let's be clear. Today's vote is more political theater. It is another  scene from the Democrats' one-act play titled Defeat President Trump at  All Costs, even if it means peddling a deceitful narrative that  undermines the American people's trust in the very institutions of our  democratic Republic.   To say the Postal Service is all of a sudden incapacitated, unable to  provide a secure, mail-in process, is not intellectually honest. It is  downright predatory.   Democrats who falsely call into question the security of our  elections to justify a $25 billion bailout is a scam and a political  payoff to their government union bosses.   Madam Speaker, I urge my Democrat colleagues: Stand up to your  leadership. Stop this shameful charade. See the grave danger of  manipulating the American people to score cheap, political points.   Madam Speaker, let's get back to work.   