 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise tonight to talk about a couple of  issues I know that will be considered--at least I hope will be  considered--in the negotiations that are under way.   Later in this hour, we will be joined by three of my colleagues:  Senator Whitehouse, Senator Blumenthal, and Senator Duckworth. Each of  us will be talking about these issues from different perspectives, but  all focused on those in our society who are most at risk in the midst  of this worldwide pandemic and in the midst of this economic and jobs  crisis that we are confronting right now. We know that this is the most  difficult public health crisis in a century, and one of largest, if not  in the top two, job crises we have ever faced.   When we talk about Americans who are most at risk, among them are, of  course, older Americans. Tonight, I will spend some time talking about  older Americans in nursing homes who are at risk if we don't take  action, and people with disabilities who need the benefit of--as do  many older Americans need the benefit of--home and community-based  services; and, third, Americans who are in communities of color who  need the benefit of Medicaid, among other programs that we should be  focused on.   Let me start with nursing homes. We know that in the context of  nursing homes, the skilled care that is provided there is the highest  level of care for an older American or sometimes a person with a  disability. We also know that is care that is provided to men and women  who have done so much for the country--Americans who have fought our  wars, worked in our factories, built the middle class, built America in  so many ways and gave us life and love. All that they ask and all their  families ask is when they are in a long-term care facility, especially  a nursing home, that they are receiving skilled care that is quality  care, and in the midst of this crisis, that we are taking every step  possible to protect them from the virus and to keep them safe.   Unfortunately, that hasn't happened in America today.   As we speak tonight, more than just a couple of days ago, the number  was lower than this, but now it is more than 62,000 Americans who have  died in long-term care settings. Most of those are in nursing homes.  When you add up the number of residents who contracted the virus and  died with the workers who have died, the number is more than 62,000  Americans. That is  [[Page S4916]]  about 40 percent of all the deaths in America. We have to take steps to  get those numbers down--both the death number as well as the case  number. Of course, the two are directly related.   A number of months ago, Senator Whitehouse, who joins us on the floor  tonight, and I introduced S. 3768, which was the Nursing Home  Protection and Prevention Act. It was a proposed $20 billion investment  in best practices. The tragedy here is that we know what works to get  the death number down in nursing homes. We know exactly what works.  Those nursing homes that were implementing these best practices months  ago--way back, sometime in early March or even in February--are the  ones that had lower numbers, fortunately, of deaths and case numbers.   We know that you have to invest in a series of best practices, which  means having enough personal protective equipment for everyone in a  nursing home, but especially the residents and workers. We know that is  essential to keeping people safe. We know that testing is part of that,  of course, and having the capacity to test frequently and to have  results transmitted very quickly.   Cohorting is not a term that we hear a lot about, but it is a very  simple concept. Cohorting means you separate the residents with COVID- 19 from those who don't have it. As easy as that is to say, it is more  difficult to institute in a nursing home. Sometimes you have to  retrofit. Sometimes you have to take other steps that funding is needed  for.   Cohorting works, which stands to reason, but we know it works now  that we have some experience with the virus.   We know that surge teams are critically important, as well, as part  of these best practices. If you have an outbreak in a nursing home--and  we have had so many examples of that in my home State of Pennsylvania  and in so many other States--when the virus is spreading and there is a  crisis in that nursing home because of the virus, you might need more  help. You may need more doctors or nurses or certified nurse's  assistants or so many other critical personnel in that nursing home. So  $20 billion is a good down payment on protecting Americans in nursing  homes. Our bill would do that.   I am grateful for the help of Senator Whitehouse, as well as so many  other Members of the Senate who joined in that bill. Unfortunately, the  bill proposed--I guess it was July 27 or one of the last days of July.  Unfortunately, the bill proposed by the majority has no meaningful  investment in these best practices. We have to ask ourselves: Is this  what America is going to settle for, that the greatest country in the  history of the world is going to throw up our hands and say: There is  really nothing we can do. It is a pernicious virus and the virus is  spreading in congregate care settings like nursing homes, where you  have individuals who are particularly vulnerable. So there is not much  we can do.    That is a defeatist, anti-American attitude. We know we can get these  numbers down if we make the investment. The America that we claim to be  would have a full-court press, a pull-out-all-the-stops effort to make  sure that we get these numbers down.   I don't think most Americans believe that we should throw up our  hands and surrender to another 62,000-plus deaths a couple of months  from now, which is where we could be headed if we don't take these  steps. No one would assert that we can get these numbers down to zero  or that there is some magic wand that will allow us to remove this  threat from those we love so much in these nursing homes. But, my God,  in America we are not going to take steps we know will work to get the  case number down and the death number down?   I think America is ready for an action plan that has been developed  here in the United States by smart people who know how to attack this  problem.   So issue No. 1 is the most at-risk Americans.   The second issue in terms of at-risk Americans is older Americans and  people with disabilities who need the benefit of home and community- based services. Again, the Republican bill proposed by the majority  here in the Senate doesn't mention Medicaid. In order to attack the  nursing home issue--the nursing home death problem--or to invest in  home and community-based services, we need to invest in Medicaid. We  must stabilize and strengthen home and community-based services to keep  older adults and people with disabilities both safe and healthy.   To do that, you have to pay the workers more. The workers should be  paid a living wage. When those workers are going into a home to provide  that critical care, they should be provided the personal protective  equipment that they need to keep themselves safe and also that person  with a disability or a senior, if someone is coming into their home.   Without sufficient dollars, human service organizations cannot  recruit and retain the direct support professionals and personal care  attendants who provide essential healthcare and community inclusion  services for seniors and people with disabilities.   This is just one example, among many. This is a picture of Marisa.  She is from Allegheny County, PA. You can see by the picture--you may  not see it from a distance--that the T-shirt says: ``Proud to Be Your  Neighbor.'' You can barely read the words: ``Giant Eagle.'' That is one  of the great supermarket chains in Southeastern Pennsylvania.   Marisa uses home and community-based services to live independently.  She is a volunteer at a food pantry and works at one of the Giant Eagle  grocery stores and has done that work for 19 years. All these years  later, she is one of the beneficiaries of this program. She can get  services in the home and in her community.   The key to this is that without dedicated dollars, agencies like  Achieva, one of the many agencies that does this work and provides such  services--these agencies will not be able to provide services that  people with disabilities like Marisa and families like hers need.   Pennsylvania, like many States, has so-called centers for independent  living. They told me just last week on a phone call that as for helping  people move from a nursing home or a congregate care setting, where  often the risk is higher with the virus, often their ability to move  people from that setting who want to go into a home or an apartment is  fully dependent on the dollars from the funding they have. They have  been able to move some people, but very few because they don't have the  funding to move them.   Another implication of this concern we have is that the direct  service providers have scaled back these services. Most don't have  enough cash reserve for longer than a month because of the lack of  funding. Just imagine that.   I introduced a bill 4 months ago, S. 3544, which provided dedicated  dollars to respond to this crisis. But it wasn't until the HEROES Act  passed by the House--not yet passed by the Senate, but passed by the  House 10 weeks ago--included provisions of my bill, which was supported  here in the Senate by 28 Senators.   I have just two more issues. One is Medicaid and the other issue I  will address is on the liability debate.   Of course, we know what the Medicaid program is. It has been around  since 1965. Medicaid is the program that helps 75 million Americans. If  you add up the children on Medicaid, which is about 31 million  children, and people with disabilities, which is another 9 million, you  have roughly 40 of the 75 million.   Medicaid is not just a program. It is a program that saves lives,  maybe even more so in the middle of a public health emergency that we  have been in all these months.   Medicaid is also, I believe, a reflection of who we are as a nation.  I think it also reflects whom we value. That is why Medicaid is so  critical to seniors living in nursing homes who are sometimes from  relatively middle-class families who could not afford long-term care.   Many Americans with disabilities--as I mentioned, 9 million at last  count, and of course, 31 million children--many of them live in rural  Pennsylvania, in rural America. In fact, if you look at it by  percentage, it is often the case that in rural counties, there is a  higher percentage of children on Medicaid and the Children's Health  Insurance Program. There is a higher percentage in a rural county than  children in a county that has a lot of urban communities in it. So  rural and small town America depend heavily upon Medicaid.  [[Page S4917]]    They depend upon Medicaid in another way when you consider rural  hospitals. Often the largest employer in a rural county in  Pennsylvania--or the second or third largest employer at least--is a  rural hospital. We have 48 of our 67 counties that are rural, and in  those 48 rural counties, more than half of the top employers in the  county are hospitals--or I should say the top or the second or third  highest employers. So, of the top three employers in the most rural  counties, you have a hospital--and Medicaid is so vital to those rural  hospitals--operating on a thin margin and is evermore stressed in a  pandemic.   Medicaid expansion, of course, made it possible for millions of  Americans to get healthcare through the Affordable Care Act, and we  just saw yesterday, in the State of Missouri, the vote there to expand  Medicaid. It has been happening in a lot of States that may not have  embraced Medicaid expansion a number of years ago but that are now  embracing it.   Medicaid is a safety net in this time of crisis, in terms of the  economic and jobs crisis we are living through. It, of course, impacts  State budgets. One of the biggest expenditures in State budgets is  Medicaid. For example, in our State of Pennsylvania, our unemployment  rate in June was 13 percent, and there were 821,000 people out of work.  In some counties, the unemployment rate is 14 percent or 15 percent or  16 percent or 17 percent. So, when 821,000 people are out of work in a  State, a lot of them have lost their healthcare, and they have turned  to Medicaid.   Now, in the Families First bill, way back in the early part of March,  the matching dollars--the so-called FMAP, which means the Federal  matching dollars for Medicaid--were increased by 6.2 percent. That was  a good step in the right direction, but Governors in blue and red  States will tell you now, as a lot of other people will tell you now,  they need an additional increase in Medicaid. I think the 14 percent  FMAP, or matching dollar percentage, in the Heroes Act in the House  made a lot of sense. I hope we can get to that number in the bill we  are considering or we hope to be considering soon.   The Republican bill does not have additional dollars for Medicaid,  matching dollars, despite the fact that many of the Republican  Governors around the country have asked for this kind of help. So I  hope that will change as the negotiations move forward.   I want to end on time if I can, maybe in the next 10 minutes. That is  the goal.   Finally, I want to talk about the liability shield issue. There are a  lot of different perspectives on this. Let me talk about it in the  context of those we are discussing tonight--seniors in nursing homes,  people with disabilities who need home- and community-based services,  folks who are in communities of color, and others who need the benefit  of Medicaid.   In my judgment, the Republicans' proposal, when you look at the  liability proposal, would slam the doors of justice on those who want  to bring an action. We have had a lot of commentary lately about our  criminal justice system and its defects, its shortcomings, and even  about the racism that, I believe, permeates that system. In this  context, we are talking about the civil justice system.   What do we do about that part of our justice system--the ability for  a citizen to bring an action in a court of law to deal with an injury  of some kind either by way of negligence or intentional conduct?   In this context, we have a proposal by the majority to short-circuit,  to undermine, that system of justice. It will affect those we are here  to talk about tonight in very real ways whether they are low-income  workers or people with disabilities or older adults or even, more  broadly, essential workers.   Why do I say that?   If you are going to use a crisis like we are in now to try to achieve  gains that some in this Chamber have tried to achieve for years in the  so-called tort system--really, the civil justice system--and you paint  with a very broad brush, you are going to slam those doors of justice  pretty tightly.   Just by way of comment from a Georgetown law professor, David  Vladeck, in reference to this proposal, he recently explained the  ``extreme reach'' of the proposal vastly exceeds ``any prior `tort  reform' bills that have been introduced in Congress.'' He went on to  call this corporate liability shield provision ``essentially  impenetrable.'' That is how he described the strength of this shield.  He warned that such proposals would give ``license for irresponsible  and reckless conduct.''   When it comes to liability, it would also preempt all State laws  requiring businesses to act reasonably. It would impose a heightened-- so-called--clear and convincing burden of proof on plaintiffs instead  of the typical preponderance-of-the-evidence standard   We know that in our system, in a civil case, the preponderance-of- the-evidence standard is the lowest standard. Just a little more than  50 percent of the jury would have to make the determination in terms of  liability. We know that, in the criminal system, in order to find  guilt, it has to be found beyond a reasonable doubt. That is the  highest standard. There are some cases that are given the middle  standard of--so-called--clear and convincing. That burden of proof is  right in the middle. In a civil lawsuit, this bill would elevate it  from a preponderance to clear and convincing, which would be, I think,  a step in the wrong direction.   The proposal would also force a worker, a consumer, a resident of a  nursing home, or even a patient to show that a business failed to make  ``reasonable efforts'' to comply with any applicable government  standard.   The issue here is that the Federal Government hasn't issued any  mandatory standards. So these entities--many of them employers of one  kind or another, sometimes very large employers--would be able to  follow any standard they would choose. They could choose a local  standard or a State standard or a Federal standard even if the one they  were to choose would be the weakest standard as it relates to the  protection of the worker.   What the administration could have done, which I called for and many  Members of the Senate called for, would have been to have promulgated a  standard against which the actions of an employer could be measured.   One idea was to promulgate an emergency temporary standard. I don't  know why the Department of Labor wouldn't do that in the middle of the  worst public health crisis in a century--why the Department of Labor  would not simply take that step. That would give clarity to employers.  That would give clarity to so many Americans about what the standard  would be in a workplace to keep people safe from a raging virus, but  they chose not to do that.   Without any mandatory standards, it is wide open. Then we are  supposed to believe that taking away the right to bring an action is  somehow going to be just fine for a period of time. An emergency  temporary standard by the Department of Labor should have been  promulgated months ago, and it could still do it and remove the  uncertainty--the lack of clarity--that prevails right now.   With regard to the liability provisions, this bill would immunize  healthcare providers and facilities from any claims arising from  ``coronavirus-related healthcare services.''   That is pretty broad. How does the bill define that? The bill defines  that as follows: the treatment of patients ``for any purpose,'' not  merely the treatment of COVID-19 patients during this public health  emergency. That is about as broad as it gets, and that impenetrable  liability shield would be in place for several years.   It gets worse when it comes to people with disabilities. To add  insult to injury, just consider what we did last week. Our Nation  celebrated the 30th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities  Act--a law that extends civil rights protections to people with  disabilities in every State. President George H. W. Bush signed the  bill into law, and Republicans and Democrats and Independents all over  the country celebrated its 30th anniversary.   Literally, the next day, the majority proposed this corporate  liability shield, which would blow a hole in the protections provided  by the so-called ADA after the celebration of 30 years. That bill, the  Americans with Disabilities Act, makes it possible for people with  disabilities to be full participants in American society, but this  corporate liability shield would undermine those very protections.  [[Page S4918]]    It would decimate Federal protections granted under other landmark  employment and civil rights laws, including the Age Discrimination in  Employment Act, the so-called ADEA; the Genetic Information  Nondiscrimination Act; and OSHA, the Occupational Safety and Health  Act, which is one of the seminal actions, or pieces of legislation, to  protect workers. It would also adversely impact the Fair Labor  Standards Act as well as title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. I  don't know how you could have more of a wrecking ball in place for  these landmark pieces of legislation in the middle of a pandemic.   I will wrap up by saying that we have a lot of work to do, obviously,  in these negotiations. In the midst of the negotiations, we ought to be  thinking about the most vulnerable, whether they be older Americans,  children, people with disabilities, or folks in communities of color,  who have been adversely impacted in so many ways and evermore so in  this time of crisis.   I will not enter into it the Record, because it will be in the Record  anyway, but I am holding in my hand a letter that we sent to Leader  McConnell that outlines all of these concerns. It is a letter, led by  Senator Duckworth from Illinois, Senator Warren from Massachusetts, and  me, as well as now more than 40 of our colleagues, which goes through  these concerns that we have for investments in strategies to get the  nursing home death number down and for investments in home- and  community-based services. It goes through the concerns we raised about  the corporate liability shield, as well as about an overdue investment  in Medicaid, which is the program that takes care of the most  vulnerable among us.   I yield the floor.   