 Mr. President, in about an hour we are going to take a  vote that our servicemembers around the world will likely be watching.  It is a critical vote on the amendment of my colleague from Vermont to  blindly cut defense spending, taking a hatchet to the already agreed- upon Bipartisan Budget Act.   We have heard from my colleague Jack Reed from Rhode Island, who is  part of the strong leadership on the Armed Services Committee and just  spoke out against it, and I am going to speak out against it.   I am going to spend some time explaining what this means. This is not  just one amendment. This has national implications, and if you are  watching in America, I want you to think about what is really going on  here.   First of all, my colleague from Vermont says that it is a 10-percent  cut, but it is going exempt military personnel and healthcare  accounts--which is true as part of the amendment--but it is actually  going to compensate for the other cuts, so it is actually a 14-percent  across-the-board cut to the Department of Defense. That is the  amendment we are going to vote on.  [[Page S4369]]    To paraphrase one of our great Presidents, Ronald Reagan: There they  go again. There they go again.   I chair the Subcommittee on Readiness of the Armed Services  Committee. One of the reasons I ran for the Senate in 2014 was exactly  this issue of military readiness. As a colonel in the U.S. Marine Corps  Reserve, I had a little bit of an up close and personal view on it.   The readiness of our Armed Forces in the second term of the Obama  administration was plummeting. In the second term of the Obama  administration, defense spending was cut by 25 percent, and, with that,  the readiness of the men and women in the military plummeted. By the  way, at the same time defense spending was cut by 25 percent, Russia  was increasing defense spending by 34 percent, and China was increasing  by 83 percent   So let me just give an example. These numbers actually were  classified, and they have been declassified. In 2015, when I arrived in  the Senate, these were some of the numbers relating to readiness.  Remember, we are supposed to be in charge of readiness here. Three of  the 58 brigade combat teams in the U.S. Army--the brigade combat team  is the 5,000 men and women deployed block in our military, and 3 of the  58 were at the tier 1 level of readiness that you want for a deployed  unit. You can understand why that was classified in 2015 because we  certainly didn't want our adversaries to know that. So 5 percent of the  U.S. Army was fully ready to fight. Less than half of Marine Corps Navy  aviation could fly--another classified number, now unclassified.  Training and flight time for all military pilots plummeted.   When I arrived in 2015, the Obama administration proposed a cut of  another 40,000 Active-Duty troops for the U.S. Army. One of the units  they were looking to cut was the 4th Brigade of the 25th Infantry  Division--the 4-25 at JBER in Alaska, the only airborne combat team in  the Asia Pacific. I put every ounce of my energy into fighting that  misguided decision. The 4-25 was not cut, thankfully. All the rest of  the 40,000 were cut. We are still digging out of that hole.   So I want to throw something out there because people don't think  about it. Imagine if there had been a major contingency or, yes, a war  in 2015 with these readiness numbers. Sometimes wars hit us when we are  least expecting them. I am going to talk about that.   I will tell you this: It would have been very ugly--not only for our  national security but more importantly for our troops--for the men and  women we are supposed to make sure are trained so that they never have  to go into a fair fight, so we know they are always going to win.   We just celebrated the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of the Korean  war on June 25, 1950. I am a bit of a Korean war history buff. I will  tell you this: What we didn't celebrate was actually what happened in  the summer of 1950 at the outbreak of the Korean war.   Here is what happened. The greatest military power in the world in  1945 was the U.S. military. We had just won World War II. By 1950, due  to dramatic defense cuts, lack of training, lack of readiness, our  military had a very difficult time halting the invasion of a third- world army, the North Korean army.   For the history buffs who understand Korean war history--the military  certainly does--they know what Task Force Smith was. It was the first  American unit that went in to stop the North Korean army. Task Force  Smith was obliterated. Hundreds were killed in the summer of 1950. As a  matter of fact, thousands of young Americans died horrible deaths  during the summer of 1950 because the leadership in Congress, the  leadership in the executive branch, and the leadership in the Pentagon  let the readiness of our Armed Forces plummet. Let me repeat that: 70  years ago right now--if you look back 70 years ago in the summer of  1950 on the Korean Peninsula--thousands of young Americans were being  killed because they weren't trained and they weren't ready.   This was probably one of the biggest derelictions of duty in U.S.  history. Because it is a forgotten war, not many people know about it.  But it was a dramatic failure of leadership in the Congress, the  executive branch, and the military. The military even has a saying for  this: ``No more Task Force Smith.'' We will never ever--ever--let our  young men and women go fight a war where they are unprepared, and  because of that, they die.   I agree we need to do all we can to address many of the social issues  that my colleague from Vermont highlights, particularly during this  pandemic. But we must never, as a Congress, gut our military readiness  to such a degree that our young men and women come home in body bags as  opposed to victors. That is what happened in the summer of 1950.   We were on a path toward this dangerous lack of readiness during the  second term of the Obama administration. I cited the numbers. I chair  the Subcommittee on Readiness. I have been all focused on this issue of  rebuilding our readiness.   Here is the good news. With the Republicans in control in the Senate  and the White House, we have begun to dramatically rebuild our military  and our readiness. This has been a priority of ours. This has certainly  been a priority of mine. Many of my colleagues, Democrats and  Republicans, particularly on the Armed Services Committee, have been  working on rebuilding our military. When we were looking at these  numbers, so many people on the Armed Services Committee, including Jack  Reed, who just gave a very eloquent speech, recognized, whoa--dangerous  world, dangerous neighborhood, and a military that is not ready. So we  got to work.   I enjoy my bipartisan work here in the Senate. Some of my best  friends are from the other side of the aisle, but there are principle  disagreements on key issues between some on this side of the aisle and  the other side. One of them is about the degree to which we support our  military and national defense.   I know all of my colleagues are patriotic. I don't like doing the  patriotism argument. Every Member of this body, all 100--we love our  country. But there are some impressions when you look at what goes on  here, when you look at the sweep of history with regard to readiness  and funding our military.   Again, to my Democratic colleagues on the Armed Services Committee,  Defense Appropriations, who, like me, attend the hearings regularly,  dig into the issues, know the threats our country faces, I think we  work together to rebuild readiness. But at the national level, here are  the facts. Think about it. Carter, Clinton, Obama, Biden--what do those  administrations all have in common? They get into power, and they cut  our military, and morale plummets, and readiness plummets.   Let me go a little bit closer to home. Since I have been elected, the  No. 1 bill my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have  filibustered--the No. 1 bill when they want to take something hostage-- is the Defense appropriations bill. Ten times, since I have been in  this body, the funding for our men and women has been pulled in as a  hostage--ten times. No other bill in the last 5\1/2\ years, since I  have been here, has been filibustered more than the Defense  appropriations bill.   Our friends in the media never report on this, but that is one of the  issues that really burns me up here because it happens all the time.  Trust me, our troops know it. They watch it, and they know it.   Now we have a Sanders amendment for across-the-board DOD cuts of 14  percent just as we are digging out of the readiness hole that we all  know that we are in. If you don't acknowledge it, you are not paying  attention.   The Senate minority leader has recently come out in favor of the  Sanders amendment. I wonder where Joe Biden is on the Sanders  amendment.   Of course, as my colleague from Illinois just mentioned, the Pentagon  must do a better job of managing waste and cost overruns. I fully agree  with that. In fact, the Trump administration was the first  administration to finally undertake an audit of the Pentagon. Again,  Democrats and Republicans on the Armed Services Committee pressed for  it, and we finally got it. It took decades, but an audit of the  Pentagon has finally happened.    Make no mistake, the Sanders amendment is the first salvo in the  national Democratic leadership's goal of defunding the military across  the board. If you don't want to take my word for it, here is the  POLITICO op-ed from Senator Sanders about his amendment titled:  ``Defund the Pentagon: The Liberal Case.''  [[Page S4370]]    ``Defund the Pentagon''--there they go again. This is a really  important issue. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle defeat  this amendment overwhelmingly--overwhelmingly. The men and women of the  military are watching this amendment. The men and women of the military  know that their readiness 5 years ago was in a really bad state.   The vote today and what is going to happen later--literally, if you  look at history, we never know when the next conflict is coming. We  didn't know that in the summer of 1950, the military was going to be  rushed to the Korean Peninsula and would barely be able to hold its  own. Thousands died because they weren't ready because of defense cuts  by the Congress and the executive branch and the Pentagon.   So this is an important vote. The lives of the men and women in our  military and their readiness could well depend on this vote, and I urge  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to strongly reject it.   I yield the floor.   