 Mr. Speaker, I can't thank Dr. Roe enough for this  initiative and his leadership. And so many people have gotten up at the  mike and said he was their mentor. He actually was my mentor, and I  really appreciate him very much.   Mr. Speaker, as a healthcare professional for nearly 40 years and a  member of the House Doctor's Caucus, I am very pleased to report on the  Trump administration's groundbreaking, unprecedented initiative to  develop a safe and effective vaccine and treatment for COVID-19, called  Operation Warp Speed.   I remember well as a boy back in the 1950s, and several of my  schoolmates were stricken with polio. And I remember well standing in  line at our elementary school to take the new vaccine, which virtually  has eliminated polio in the United States of America.   Well, our Nation's best scientists and researchers, doctors, and  manufacturers are now collaborating and working around the clock to  research, test, approve, and manufacture a vaccine in record time. This  is the very key to restoring our way of life and rebuilding our economy  to get back to those normal summers that we were talking about a while  ago.   The President has capitalized on the ingenuity and the drive of the  private sector and the scientific community, putting the United States  at a better position than any other country in the world to develop a  vaccine that the entire world can then benefit from.   The goal of Operation Warp Speed is to deliver 300 million doses of a  safe and effective vaccine by January 2021. And by removing all  unnecessary red tape and barriers, the President is on track to meet  this goal.   The administration is cutting the development time to a matter of  months by allowing development steps to occur simultaneously. Despite  what the media may incorrectly report, the testing standards for this  are the same as any other vaccine developed here in the United States  of America. No safety shortcuts are being taken. The health and safety  of the public remains the number one priority of this administration,  and we have every reason to be hopeful.   The advances that the scientific community has made since the  beginning of this pandemic are nothing short of remarkable and are  directly responsible for a 40 percent decrease in the mortality rate  from COVID-19 that we have seen.   Our knowledge about this novel virus grows every single day. And with  our Nation's leaders and brightest minds working together, we will  defeat this disease with unprecedented speed.   As a practicing dentist for nearly four decades, I believe that  prevention is the best treatment, and that is exactly what this vaccine  will do. While finding treatments and the therapeutics to fight this  disease and its symptoms are a very worthwhile cause, actually blocking  the virus from infecting us in the first place is the very strongest  defensive strategy that we can have.   President Trump and his administration are bravely blazing a trail  forward and leading our country out of this challenging time of global  pandemic. So thanks to Operation Warp Speed, the world is only months  away from a safe and reliable vaccine.   