 Mr. President, in the fall of 2016, just 4 years ago, I  heard Candidate Trump repeatedly promise to get rid of the North  American Free Trade Agreement--to pull out of it, to renegotiate it, or  to fix it so that it worked better than it did.   I didn't support Donald Trump for President. I think he has been a  less than honest President with whom I disagree in terms of his  character and in terms of his work product, but that is really not the  point. The point was  [[Page S117]]  that I liked what he said about getting out of NAFTA. I know what NAFTA  did to the Presiding Officer's home State of Indiana. I know what it  did to Dayton, OH; to Cleveland, OH; to Canton, OH; to Youngstown,  Toledo, Mansfield, Springfield, Zanesville, and to almost every  community in my State. So I welcomed the President's saying that.   The reason I thought these trade agreements were so bad for our  country was that these trade agreements were always written by  corporate interests to serve the needs of the executives and the major  stockholders of the corporations. In fact, they not only were not  written for workers, but they undermined workers. I have never voted  for a trade agreement. I voted against NAFTA, and I voted against the  Central American Free Trade Agreement. I voted against permanent normal  trade relations with China--one after another after another--because I  saw that these trade agreements were written for corporate interests  and that they betrayed workers.   What happened is that companies would shut down production in Canton  or in Niles or in Bryan or in Lima, and they would move overseas, build  factories there, and sell those products back into the United States.  That was what happened with these trade agreements. Corporations liked  them because they could exploit low-income workers. They liked them  because their profits could be greater. They liked them because they  had no responsibility to their workers when they would move overseas  and sell the products back. That was their mission. That was the way  these companies did business. So I welcomed the President's doing that.   Then, about a year ago, the President presented the new NAFTA. He  called it the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, the USMCA. When he  presented it to the Congress, it was more of the same. It was almost  exactly the same. It had a few little tweaks, but fundamentally the  President again betrayed the workers, as all of these trade agreements  do. The President's bill, the President's USMCA, was again a giveaway  to corporate interests. In fact, there was a provision in there for the  drug companies that was maybe worse than I had ever seen in a trade  agreement. The White House, I admit, does look like an executive  retreat for drug company executives except on Tuesdays and Fridays,  when it looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives.   The President presented this USMCA to us, and it was the same ol,  same ol. It fundamentally would mean more jobs would be outsourced,  more profits for corporations, and more exploitation of low-wage  workers. Because of his USMCA, even more companies would shut down in  Lima or in Zanesville or in Gallipolis or in Portsmouth or in  Chillicothe and move overseas to look for cheap labor and weaker labor  laws so they would make more money. So this President betrayed workers  again by giving us a trade agreement that was no better than the ones  he had campaigned against.   Yet, this year, a number of us--Senator Wyden of Oregon, Speaker  Pelosi, Congresswoman DeLauro of Connecticut, and organized labor-- banded together and said: No, Mr. President. We are not going to pass  another corporate trade agreement. We are not going to pass another  special interest trade agreement that sells out workers and enriches  corporate executives over and over. We are not going to buy that again.  We are saying no to that. Then we said: We will support your USMCA only  if you include strong language for workers.   So we got the Brown-Wyden amendment in this agreement.   Finally, after a year--the President fundamentally refused to talk to  us about it, and the U.S. Trade Rep refused to seriously include this  language--they realized: Wait a second. If we don't do this, we will  never get another USMCA. So just a few weeks ago, President Trump and  U.S. Trade Representative Lighthizer finally agreed to put in strong  labor language.   Do you know what that means? It means that the center of our trade  agreement now--the center of our trade policy--is workers. Workers are  now at the center of our trade policy, not corporate interests that  send jobs overseas, not pharmaceutical companies that make even more  money when they go to China, not other kinds of corporations that  outsource their jobs and have their whole business plans undermining  workers.   Do you know what else that means? It is good news for places like  Gallipolis and Zanesville and Mansfield and Lima and Chillicothe and  Columbus and Dayton and all of these communities in my State. It is  good news for them because, for the first time, they can look to our  trade policy and see that workers are the center of that trade policy.   In years and years here, I have never voted for a trade agreement. I  have always opposed NAFTA and CAFTA and PRT with China. Last week, in  the Committee on Finance, because they included Brown-Wyden, because  workers are now at the center of our trade policy, I cast my vote for a  trade agreement that will matter, that will help workers in my State.  It is a good move. It means not just that this trade agreement will be  better; it means, in the future, that any President who wants to pass a  trade agreement will have to do what we did this year over the  resistance of President Trump. He will have to do what we did this year  and put workers at the center of our trade policy.   I yield the floor.   