 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 minute in  morning business, please.    Mr. President, we all know that, without a doubt, 2020  has been a difficult year. But for me it was an important year to  continue fighting for Iowans and listening to Iowans.   This year I completed my 40th year of my 99 county meetings that  included a Q&A in every one of those counties. This annual tradition  keeps me in touch with the grassroots of Iowa and allows me to bring  their ideas to the policymaking tables here in Washington, DC.   With all the twists and turns this year took, my county meetings were  more beneficial than ever. I just want to mention a couple of these  twists and turns.   The twist and turns involved the big devastating windstorm we called  the ``derecho'' that went through central Iowa, destroying 800,000  acres of crops. Those twists and turns involved dealing with all the  issues coming from COVID-19.   One thing I know for sure, Iowans are very resilient people. So I  look forward to continuing these county meetings and the Q&A's involved  with them at the beginning of the new year.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, much ink has been spilled the past few  years over the threat of foreign influence in our politics. It is a  topic I have spoken about many times on this floor. This issue has  become highly politicized, but it requires bipartisan agreement to  address.   It is increasingly clear that our adversaries will stop at nothing to  influence political discourse in our country. We can all agree that  there is a real need to improve our Nation's foreign influence laws.  Fortunately, the Senate has a real opportunity today to finally do  something about it.   In 1938, Congress passed the Foreign Agents Registration Act,  referred to by the acronym ``FARA.'' It did this in 1938 to expose Nazi  propaganda and identify foreign attempts to influence policymakers and  the American public. The bill was last updated in 1966. And it now  requires those who lobby on behalf of foreign governments and interests  to register their affiliations and activities with the Justice  Department.   FARA reflects the fundamental principle that transparency brings  accountability. Until recently, however, the law had been seldom used,  and few on K Street paid much attention to the necessity of registering  under this act if they were lobbying for a foreign country. Of course,  that was not due to a lack of foreign influence efforts.   Given FARA's important transparency provisions, its lack of  enforcement was shocking to me, and that is the problem that these  several legislators sponsoring this legislation are trying to correct.   I first raised concerns about lackluster FARA enforcement in April  2015 when a former Clinton White House staffer and a lawyer for a  Georgian political party failed to register as foreign agents. I also  raised concerns about work for Ukrainians by Paul Manafort and the  Podesta Group. I raised concerns when the firm behind the discredited  Steele dossier failed to register for its lobbying work to repeal U.S.  sanctions against Russia. I even subpoenaed Manafort to testify at a  Judiciary Committee hearing on lax FARA enforcement. I praised Mueller  for dusting off the law that had been ignored for so long.   I have conducted FARA oversight without regard to power, party, or  privilege. Americans expect equal application of the law no matter  which political party someone is affiliated with. I am an equal  opportunity overseer. FARA ought to be better enforced and equally  enforced. That is why my office worked thoroughly to expose holes in  the existing FARA law and found ways to shore it up.   My bipartisan Foreign Agents Disclosure and Registration Enhancement  Act is the product of years of oversight and policy work. The bill  requires the Justice Department, for the first time, to craft a  comprehensive FARA enforcement strategy and to release advisory  opinions to promote transparency. It gives FARA investigators new  tools, including civil investigative demand authority, to help identify  violations.   The bill appropriately limits those in the Justice Department who can  use this authority, and it provides essential due process protections.  In fact, it is based on identical authorities in the False Claims Act,  which I sponsored now 35 years ago, which for years has helped to root  out waste, fraud, and abuse.   The bill also enhances penalties for FARA violations to deter future  abuses. It requires foreign agents to immediately disclose their  clients. That way, policymakers know the true sources and can make the  most informed decisions.   Finally, it requires a review of the Lobbying Disclosure Act  exemption to determine whether it has been abused to conceal foreign  influence efforts.   Legitimate interests engaging in legitimate conduct shouldn't bear an  unnecessary burden. That is why our bill strikes a real and right  balance. But we must also ensure that FARA's exemptions haven't created  loopholes for foreign governments to hide their true intentions.   I am pleased to have support from the chairman and ranking member of  the Judiciary Committee and the chairman and vice chairman of the  Intelligence Committee. We have bipartisan support on the Foreign  Relations Committee, including from Senators Shaheen, Rubio, Murphy,  and Young, who have all worked to shine light on foreign influence, and  we now have the signoff of the chairman of that committee, along with  support from this administration. Groups like the Project on Government  Oversight and another group that goes by the name of Issue One endorse  the measure, saying  [[Page S7519]]  it ``directly addresses structural weaknesses of FARA.''   This is a truly bipartisan bill with common ground where it is  usually tough to find it. The Senate should send a clear signal today  that it is serious about shining a light on foreign influence by  passing this bill.   Before I make a UC request, I would like to ask one of the leaders in  this area, Senator Cornyn, to make comments. Then I will make the UC  request    Mr. President, I have two sentences before I ask  unanimous consent.   I think by passing the bill, this will give the Senate an opportunity  to send a clear signal that it is serious about shining a light on  foreign influence. Opposing it, in fact, would only help our foreign  adversaries continue to hide what they are really doing.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Foreign Relations be discharged from further consideration of S.  1762 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further  ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Of course I am disappointed, but I know that Senator  Menendez is a serious legislator, and if what we have to do to do  something in this area is work into the next Congress on this issue, I  look forward to continuing to work for it.   The reason I am kind of disappointed is the fact that we had two  Democratic bills and two Republican bills. I introduced my first bill  in 2017, and it took a lot of work to put together the bill that I  asked unanimous consent on, to work out the differences with several  different approaches, and I thought that we had taken everything into  consideration, particularly bringing together people from the  Intelligence Committee and the Judiciary Committee that had interest in  this legislation as well.   Maybe another reason I am disappointed out of that hard work that so  many people put into this is the fact that on the part of particularly  our Democratic colleagues, we have heard so much over the years,  lecturing about foreign influence, and that is why I thought it would  be easy to move forward today, and I am sorry it is not, but I look  forward to January and starting over again and working with Senator  Menendez to get this job done. Hopefully, it will not take 3 years more  to get something done.   I yield the floor.   