 Madam Speaker, three weeks ago, the Attorney General of  the United States said this: ``The Constitution is not suspended during  a crisis.'' Amen to that.   And guess who agreed with him, or at least used to agree with him?  Last month, April 9, the Speaker of the House said: ``There is a  constitutional requirement that we vote in person.'' But, oh, how that  has changed.   Today we are, in fact, suspending the Constitution. We are allowing  proxies to establish a quorum and do the business of the American  people. The Supreme Court has been very clear on this. In the Ballin  decision, the Court said Members have to be present by stating: ``All  that the Constitution requires is the presence of a majority, and when  that majority are present the power of the House arises.''   You have got to be there. Actually, you have got to be here. You have  got to be here to do the business of the people. You can't phone it in.  You can't mail it in. This bill would allow one Member to have 10  proxies in their back pocket. Think about that. 22 Members with 10  proxies in their back pocket could do the business of 330 million  people in this great country.   We all take an oath to the Constitution. Article I, Section 4 of the  Constitution mandates that Congress must ``assemble at least once in  every year.'' That is when we start the session.   Article I, Section 5 requires Congress to physically congregate and  vote to change where it is going to sit; frankly, what is happening  today.   Section 5 also requires a recorded vote on any question at the desire  of one-fifth present.   Article I, Section 6 mandates and protects Members from arrest during  travel to and from their attendance at a session of their respective  House.   You would think if you could mail in your vote, the Constitution  wouldn't protect you on traveling to the vote. All of these provisions  envision Members physically traveling and being present at the seat of  the Federal Government.   As Mrs. Lesko said earlier, farmers are planting crops, truckers are  moving goods, grocers are stocking shelves, frontline healthcare  workers haven't missed a day. They can't phone it in. They can't mail  it in. They can't proxy their work in. They have to be there and do it,  and we should do the same.   The example this sends, the precedent this sets, is so darn wrong.  And I encourage a ``no'' vote on H. Res. 965.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, in 1 week, the Democrats have shown us exactly what they  want to do. In 1 week's time, May 8, 1 week ago, seven Democrats on the  House Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis sent a letter to  Universal Stainless & Alloy Products in western Pennsylvania and they  said: Give back your PPP money.   Right here is the letter: ``You have not returned these funds.''   Three days later, May 11, four of our colleagues, two Democrats, two  Republicans, sent a letter to those seven Democrats and said: Hey, wait  a minute. Universal Stainless followed the rules. They are entitled to  their money. If they have to give it back, they will have to lay off  steelworkers.   And today, this bill does what? This bill does what? It gives tax  dollars to illegal immigrants.   In 1 week's time, they took money from steelworkers to give it to  illegal immigrants. That is the Democrats' vision for their country.   If for no other reason, that is why we should vote against this bill.   