 Thank you, Senator Heinrich. Thanks to my colleagues for  being here. This is an opportunity to do the Land and Water  Conservation Fund expansion and provide fishing access through our  States and local communities and the parks that they need and want, but  it is also an opportunity to fix our parks, and this is desperately  needed.   Our national parks are in trouble, just as more and more people are  returning to our parks for recreation and fishing and all the other  access we have. There are 84 million acres of true treasures in  America, thanks to Teddy Roosevelt and many others who followed in his  footsteps. We preserved this land and protected our history, but there  is a $12.5 billion maintenance backlog in our parks.   As visitors go to our parks as they reopen this summer, they will  find that the trail is closed or the toilet doesn't work or the lodge  has a leak in the roof, and therefore they can't use it. When you get a  leak in the roof and you get the mold in the walls and the floor, that  is what is happening, and we haven't funded it.    Part of the reason is it is so expensive. These are infrastructure  expenditures that require significant funds. So part of what this  legislation does is finally allow us to catch up here in the U.S.  Congress. It is a debt unpaid. In other words, we should have been  paying all over these many years to ensure this wouldn't happen but,  unfortunately, for decades it has.   So some of the funds we use here go directly into these parks and  also to our Forest Service and wildlife refuges and our lands and our  Native American lands. This is to simply stop the erosion, really, of  the beauty of our parks and to eliminate this historic level of backlog  of maintenance projects. So we appreciate the fact that tonight we have  an opportunity to finally begin to change our approach and to switch  gears.   I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for helping  us to get to this point. It has been through our committee twice, with  lots of amendments that have been amended and debated, and lots of  discussion. We now have an opportunity to make good on the promise we  have made to our children and grandchildren that these parks will be  preserved for future generations.   My colleagues with whom I worked include Senator Warner, who came up  with this idea saying some of funds coming from offshore oil and gas  and other energy projects could be diverted to these national parks to  provide adequate resources to do this. We will see him on the floor  this evening, and possibly Senator Alexander, who has been at this as  well and is a key player, and also Senator Angus King. The four of us  stuck together through thick and thin. I hope tonight will be the thin  part and we can get this done over the next several days so that we can  indeed keep the promise that we have made that these national treasures  can be preserved.   Senator Alexander, do you have something you would like to say?   