 Mr. President, later today, we will vote on whether to go  forward with the arms sales that the administration notified the  Congress of a few weeks ago. These would be arms sales to the United  Arab Emirates, equipment sales. These sales clearly would continue the  20 years of growth in our relationship, working side by side against  common concerns and common enemies.   This really goes back through three different administrations, going  back to 9/11 and beyond, where the UAE has consistently been willing to  stand with us in at least six long-term deployments. They come; they  stay. They are side by side with us in the field. They have been with  us in the air. They are flying what has previously been our best piece  of aircraft at a level that we would share it with other countries that  are friends of ours.   This sale will continue that. It continues to allow even more  interoperability between the United States and the UAE and Israel.   Israel, by the way, is totally supportive of this sale. The  Ambassador from the United Arab Emirates and the Ambassador from Israel  earlier this week had a public event where they both talked about the  support of Israel for this sale.   As you know very well, our law requires a quantitative advantage for  Israel when we sell them equipment. We have even a slightly different  advantage, but being able to continue this relationship is important.   The F-35 jets, the MQ-9 unarmed aerial vehicles, advanced munitions-- I think the total sale is about $23.5 billion. And this is not any kind  of gift from the United States to the UAE. This is the UAE making a  purchase totaling $23.5 billion for equipment that  [[Page S7309]]  is made by American companies and almost always by American workers.   In August, we had the first breakthrough in a diplomatic sense in the  Middle East in a long time. President Trump deserves credit for that.  Israel deserves credit for that. But the UAE deserves credit for that.  The Abraham accords, where the UAE formally recognized Israel, began to  have flights back and forth and other things that were significant in  changing the environment in the Middle East, the most difficult part of  the world--the greatest breakthrough in 40 years. But that followed a  number of breakthroughs that weren't quite as public, where this  relationship has grown--the Israel relationship with the UAE--just like  our relationship has gotten stronger over time.   To see the recognition of the two governments together, to see  Bahrain follow that--I think we are going to see other countries in the  area decide that a region that lives in peace with Israel is a good  thing for everybody involved, not a bad thing for anybody. So it is  important.   I think how the Congress deals with this is significant. We have been  notified as the law requires us to be notified. Under this notification  process, I don't believe any sale has been denied, and only one sale  has been altered.   The President has to agree. So if we debate this for hours and  somehow it narrowly passes and the President vetoes it and we don't  have the votes to override the veto, which I am confident we would not  have--in fact, I think we very likely have the votes to go ahead and  deal with this right here, right now. It is the right thing to do. It  is the right time to do it. We will never have more of a long-term  runway of how things under the Bush administration, the Obama  administration, and the Trump administration have continued to progress  to where the UAE has become a trusted ally.   Now, they have become a trusted ally and a trusted diplomatic partner  in this important breakthrough. Having this kind of equipment not only  allows us to be interoperable, but frankly, it creates the  opportunities for American military and American technicians to be  working with them every time you have an upgrade, every time you have a  significant maintenance issue. That just further enhances, as does  working through how that equipment is used afterwards--all of that  further enhances the constant dialogue, the constant reinforcement of  our friends who see common enemies and are working directly to move  their country and their region in a much better direction.   I hope that the Senate today does what it needs to do and sends that  message that we understand what Israel would like to see happen, what  the UAE would like to see happen, and, frankly, what will happen and  happens better if this debate focuses more on what that outcome  produces, rather than a debate that makes people wonder exactly what do  you have to do to continue to be a trusted partner of the United  States.   I yield the floor.   