 Mr. President, I stand before this body today with a  troubled heart, as most of us do, but that is not good enough. We have  to kind of put away our own biases, our own prejudice. I am not talking  about racial; I am talking about political.   Today we have an opportunity to do something, to start a process.  Words are cheap in this body. I hear a lot of empty words. I hope not  to add to that quantity today.   When I was a kid growing up in the Deep South, Martin Luther King  wrote a letter from a jail cell in Birmingham to Black preachers in  that community. He encouraged them to turn away from the violence that  had such a potentially devastating impact and to seek reform  peacefully; that in the long term, that was the better approach. My  father had me read that letter. I gave a speech a couple years ago, and  I quoted from that letter. It meant something to me as a young White  man in the Deep South.   Almost 57 years ago, on the other end of the National Mall from where  we stand today, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., I believe, changed the  world--certainly impacted millions of lives.   Standing before thousands of people, he shared his dream. He dreamed  of a world where justice would prevail over prejudice. He dreamed of an  America where everyone would be judged not by the color of their skin  but by the depth of their character.   Since that day in 1963, a lot has changed in our country for the  better. Unfortunately, Dr. King's vision of racial justice, harmony,  and equality is yet to be fully realized. That is unacceptable.   This year, our country is seeing devastating tragedies taking place  in our communities, but what we see on TV really is the tip of the  iceberg, as a lot of my friends from those communities tell me. I  believe them.   We need to make sure that the fundamental issue of fairness is upheld  by all law enforcement agencies so everyone gets treated equally,  fairly, period. The tragedies we have seen are unacceptable by any  measure, and I don't think anybody in America thinks that what we have  seen is right. Those who are responsible need to be prosecuted to the  fullest extent of the law, and we need to put a full stop to it right  now. But that fight starts today, I believe, here in the U.S. Senate.   Like so many Americans, my wife Bonnie and I have spent a lot of time  reflecting and praying for our country and our friends and our fellow  Americans in the last many weeks. It is clear to us that we have more  work to do to make justice for all become a reality for every American.   We are a nation of laws, but those laws have to be enforced fairly  and equally. To truly be effective, the police need to have the  confidence of the communities they serve, and in many cases today, that  is just not the case. That trust and confidence must be earned,  however. Clearly, there is much work to do on this front to build up  mutual trust   I had a conversation with two grandmothers last week--well-educated,  successful women of color, in positions of tremendous responsibility-- and we talked about how their perspective and my perspective differed  and how we saw each other in this crisis. But the most telling thing in  that conversation was how they told me their No. 1 concern was for  their grandsons and how their grandsons would be treated by members of  the police force in their communities. That is a tragedy, and we can do  something about it.   This issue is personal to me. Growing up in middle Georgia in the  1960s, I have seen the devastation of racism, discrimination, a lack of  equality, prejudice. As the son of two public school teachers, I saw  how it weighed on my parents during that time. All they wanted was for  every child to be treated equally, regardless of where they came from,  what their name was, or the color of their skin.   Understand, I grew up in a military town, and we had people there  from all over the world. So this wasn't an idle conversation; this was  an objective they tried to live up to every single day. They wanted  every child to have the same simple opportunity.   As superintendent of schools in our county, my father successfully  integrated our school system--I remember that as a young kid--one of  the first counties to do that in our State. They did it there without  incident. It was a military town. We had people, again, from all over  the world, and it was a joint effort. My dad did not do it because it  was the easy thing to do, the convenient thing to do; he did it because  it was the right thing to do.   In my own life, I have been blessed to have interacted with people  from all over the world in my career. My hometown of Warner Robins is a  military town. I went to school there, went to church there, and played  ball there with people literally from all over the world. Later on, my  wife Bonnie and I had the opportunity to live around the world in  different places. This challenged our perspective in many ways. It  helped us develop a deeper appreciation of how America's diversity is  at once our greatest asset and, yes, sometimes our greatest challenge.   However, I also recognize that as a White man, my perspective is by  definition very different from those of African Americans in my own  community. We have these conversations all the time. I know I could  never fully appreciate the pain and adversity many African Americans  have faced in my lifetime and still face today. That is wrong. We can  fix that starting today or at least start down that road again.   Yes, we have made a lot of progress--I can see that in my own  lifetime--but that is no reason to ignore the situation today or to sit  back and not do anything. However, as Dr. King said at the Lincoln  Memorial, we will ``not be satisfied until justice rolls down like  water and righteousness like a mighty stream.''   Right now, the Senate has the opportunity to fight for justice for  all. Today we will be voting to--it is a technicality, but it is a  motion to proceed. This is nothing more than to just start on the bill.   I hear my Democratic colleagues talking about, well, it is not  perfect; it is only 75 percent of the solution. Well, OK. Great. Let's  start there. The purpose of a motion to proceed is to put a bill on the  floor and actually debate it, have amendments. This bill is not  perfect. It doesn't satisfy all the things I want to do. But it is a  start. I plan to  [[Page S3169]]  offer amendments. I am sure the Presiding Officer wants to offer  amendments. We welcome amendments in this process. The majority leader  has said we will have an open amendment process. What we want to do is  offer up this as a starting point, not a final solution.   Today we will have the vote on whether to start actually working on  the JUSTICE Act. Senator Tim Scott has led a small task force to come  up with the starting point--a bill that we can actually put our hands  on, read, and then start changing. I am proud to be a cosponsor. We  have many cosponsors. I think that we will probably have a unanimous  vote on that on the Republican side today. My prayer is that we will  have many on the Democratic side say: Look, we understand it is not  perfect. We want this. We want that.   Let's put in the work, and let's start working on this now. It should  be a foregone conclusion that we get overwhelming bipartisan support to  debate the bill. Let's make it a good law. If it is not to your  satisfaction, fine. Let's debate it.   Some say: Well, we don't trust the majority leader.   You don't have to trust the majority leader. The rules of the Senate  protect each individual Senator once we put the bill in play. But if we  don't put the bill on the floor, nobody is protected--especially our  constituents.   Unfortunately, many of my colleagues on the other side are attempting  to shut down this debate before we even start. They say it doesn't go  far enough. They call it a token. That is absurd. That is ridiculous.  It is insulting, particularly to my good friend Tim Scott.   Look, none of us believes this bill is perfect or an end-all as it  is. As I just said, we have differences on this side, but we are  willing to put it on the floor. We have allowed the Democrats to do  things like this where we went on the floor and tried to debate a bill  to get it to where--if you don't like what we end up with, you can  always vote it down at cloture. You don't have to even go to the final  vote.   All we are pleading for today is a motion to proceed to allow this  bill to go on the floor and be fully debated. It is simply a starting  point for debate and true compromise. Isn't that what our job is? Isn't  that what we are supposed to do?   I ask my Democratic colleagues this: What major bill has come before  this body in perfect form at the very outset? I can't think of any. If  you have issues with this bill, let's debate it and offer amendments.  Don't let perfect be the enemy of the good, please.   On major issues like this, it is our duty to come together. It is our  duty to find common ground. It is our duty to fight for what is right.   This bill offers meaningful solutions that will help build trust  between law enforcement and the communities they serve. These are just  ideas. It provides solutions that all of us can get behind right now.   In addition to modifying the rules concerning the use of force and  providing body cams, this bill does several critical things to  establish that trust and provide additional funding to help improve our  police forces.   First, it incentivizes police recruiting to reflect the demographics  of the communities they serve. How simple is that? This is a big step.  If the police live in the communities they serve, if they reflect the  demographics of that community, if they identify with the people of  that community, it is a lot easier to develop trust and common ground   Second, this bill encourages deescalation training for law  enforcement officers. This will help law enforcement develop the skills  and techniques they need to prevent public interactions that lead to  the violence we have seen of late.   Third, this bill creates a database that helps our communities root  out those who do not serve the public even though they are enforcing  law.   The bottom line is that the bill increases funding for law  enforcement. It doesn't defend law enforcement or eliminate the police  force.   These solutions we are offering up as a starting point today are  meaningful. They will restore the confidence of our communities and  hold accountable police officers who abuse their positions or who are  poorly trained.   Most of us who truly want change also understand that eliminating  police forces is not the answer, as some suggest. Our police forces are  to serve and protect our communities--all of our communities--and there  needs to be change before they can be successful in that.   We have proven in the past that we can come together to fight for  what is right. We did when we provided permanent funding for our HBCUs,  our historically Black colleges and universities. We did it when we  created opportunity zones in hundreds of communities of color around  the country, many of them economically challenged. In 2018, when we  passed the bipartisan criminal justice reform bill--the biggest one in  the last 50 years--that was true progress. We did it. We can do it  again today, but first we have to put this bill on the floor. We have  to start the debate. We have to pass this motion to proceed, or--guess  what--no debate will happen. They will talk to their base, Republicans  will talk to our base, and nothing will happen. A pox on all of us if  we let that happen.   If Democrats shut down this bill today, it will demonstrate a lack of  sincerity, in my opinion, to at least engage in finding solutions. This  is no different from the immigration conversation we had just a couple  years ago. When the President of the United States, Donald Trump,  offered up a pathway to citizenship for 1.8 million DACA recipients and  we couldn't even get a debate going with the other side--they turned it  down out of hand because it was President Trump's suggestion.   All of us need to remember that while we look different, we might  talk differently, we certainly may think differently, we really are one  Nation under God.   Our diversity is our strength. It makes us different. It makes us  stronger. It makes us the leader of the world in our current time. What  unites us is far greater than what divides us.   Let's work on this bill today and start building a more perfect union  for every American. Let's vote yes on this motion to proceed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I stand in strong support of and  solidarity with my colleague and good friend from South Carolina, Tim  Scott.   It was 5 years ago when a White man walked into a church in  Charleston, SC. After going through 1 hour of Bible study--after they  prayed for him and read the Bible to him--he pulled out a gun and shot  the nine people in that Bible study.   Not long after that, the Presiding Officer and I attended one of the  funerals in Charleston, SC, and Tim was there. Any other city in  America would not have dealt with it the way Charleston, SC, did.  Charleston, SC, dealt with it with love, which is something we don't  talk about very often, and Tim Scott was there. Because of his time in  grade and because of that mayor and because of the Black leaders in  that town and the time in grade they had had with each other, they  moved forward and overcame that tragedy.   Five years ago, Tim Scott put a bill on this floor, and we ended up  then in exactly the same place we are now--doing absolutely nothing.  How many more Black men and women will have to die in America before  this body stops playing politics with race?   It is very clear to me, in having worked hard on justice reform, that  there are opportunities--with $75 billion going into the most  economically challenged communities in our country--because of Tim  Scott, President Trump, and all that we are doing. HBCUs--our  historically Black colleges and universities--are stronger today  because of President Trump than they ever have been.   The time to act is now and to stop playing politics and pandering to  the Democratic base, and let's get something done. This bill was never  intended to be an end all. It was intended to be a platform for  constructive debate, and here we are with only two Democratic Senators  voting to even start the debate.   I yield to Senator Tim Scott.   