 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the bill in its current  form.    Mr. Speaker, I offer this motion to recommit because  Americans across this country are watching the steps we take in  Congress.   Millions of Americans need our help and, unfortunately, millions more  will lose their jobs if we consider partisan wish list legislation that  has no chance of becoming law.   Our Nation continues to battle the COVID-19 pandemic, and the  strength and ingenuity of the American spirit has shone forth. We in  this Chamber came together to pass the CARES Act, a bipartisan aid  package in March of this year.   In times of crisis, Americans should come together, but that  togetherness has waned and the bipartisanship has vanished. Masked in  darkness and socially distanced from any review or debate, this bill is  filled to the brim with progressive agenda items.   Hidden amongst these poison pills is a provision that would change  the ID requirement for the CARES Act rebate checks from Social Security  number to taxpayer identification number. This switch will allow  illegal immigrants and noncitizens to get checks they aren't eligible  for.   I didn't think that a global pandemic meant it was time to stop  helping American citizens who are desperate for assistance. Now, more  than ever, we need to make sure these rebate checks go to Americans who  need it.   This motion to recommit shouldn't be controversial. Unauthorized  immigrants are not eligible for most Federal benefits, including SNAP,  TANF, and most housing assistance programs. They weren't even eligible  to receive this money in the first CARES Act.   The reason they are being included now is because this provision is  the latest in a grab brag of liberal priorities that Democrats are  trying to sneak through in this bill. But not on my watch. That is why  I am proud to offer this motion to recommit.   It is time we show Americans that we will stand up and do our jobs in  Congress, be the responsible leaders Americans elected us to be, not  partisan headline grabbers or those who think messaging bills are more  important than sensible legislation for all Americans.   The authors of the bill do not intend for this to become law, make a  mockery of our responsibility to govern.   Enough of the messaging bills. Let's stop playing politics and start  working on solutions that will help the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   