 Madam President, a President of the United States is  summoned by his or her national security team and informed that he or  she has a limited window of opportunity in which to potentially prevent  an attack that could cost the lives of dozens, if not hundreds, of  Americans or U.S. troops. They are advised this by their national  security team--the entire team--in unanimity. What would you do?   That is the most fundamental and difficult question that should be  asked of anyone who seeks the Office of the Presidency. It is one of  the most important things we need to know about those who seek the  office and those who occupy it. It is the proverbial ``3 a.m. call.''  [[Page S107]]    It also happens to describe the choice before President Trump a few  days ago. You wouldn't know that from listening to some of the rhetoric  I see on television. The Speaker of the House just held a press  conference in which the messaging implies that the strike on the  terrorist, Soleimani, was the act of a reckless madman--a reckless and  irresponsible escalation. The alternative argument is that, by the way,  he should have consulted with us before doing it.   I reiterate: The entire national security team of the President,  including the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, General Milley, has been  unequivocal, both privately and publicly, that he agreed with the  assessment and he believed that this strike was necessary in order to  protect the lives of Americans from a near-term attack.   I want to be frank. Anyone who left a briefing or goes around saying:  Well, I don't think that that was true, frankly, is not questioning the  President. They are questioning the 40 years of military service that  General Milley has rendered this Nation and, frankly, questioning the  judgment of the entire national security apparatus--all of the  leadership of the national apparatus--of the United States of America.  That question has been clearly answered by them.   It is interesting, too, that had the President not acted and, God  forbid, American lives had been lost, we could very easily have been  here this week talking about how the President should be removed. There  would be a third article of impeachment for refusing to listen to the  experts, for refusing to listen to his military advisers.   Ironically enough, just yesterday, before this entire Senate had the  opportunity to be briefed by the national security team, I had a  colleague of mine from across the aisle say: Everything is going to be  fine if the President will just listen to General Milley and the  military experts. But he did. Isn't that, ironically, at the crux of a  lot of these arguments about Ukraine, that all of the experts--the  career experts, the uniformed experts--disagreed with what the  President was doing? Yet when he listens to what they say, somehow it  is the act of a reckless madman. I think that speaks more to the  hysteria that has overcome our politics and has now reached into the  realm of national security.   It is also important to note when people say these things, that those  who walk around talking about intelligence sometimes are not consumers  of it on a regular basis or don't understand how it works. It is never  about one piece. It is about patterns and trends and known capabilities  and known intentions and about windows of opportunity. That is an  important point to make.   As far as consulting with congressional leadership before taking this  action, that is not how things like this develop. Very rarely do you  have the luxury of time.   No. 1, I would start out by saying that there is no legal  requirement. The President of the United States has no legal  requirement, and, in fact, I believe has an imperative, inherent in the  Office, to act swiftly and appropriately to the threat against the  lives of Americans, especially American troops that he or she has sent  abroad to defend this country's interests.   No. 2, it is unrealistic and not possible. Oftentimes, these windows  of opportunity do not allow you the luxury of reaching some  congressional leader in the middle of their ski trip or Christmas  break, and even if you could, there is always the risk that the  information would be disseminated and the window would close. So I am  not sure if what they are asking for is even possible.   The other thing that is troubling is, if you listen to some of the  rhetoric out there, you would think that the only two options with Iran  are a full-scale diplomacy and capitulation to what they are doing or  an all-out war. That is absurd, a false choice. It is a false choice.   The President has argued--he said it again clearly yesterday--that he  is ready for serious--serious--and real talks toward how Iran becomes a  normal nation and its clerical nation behaves in a normal and civilized  way. In the meantime, he has an obligation--this President, a future  President, and past Presidents--to protect America's interests and,  more importantly, American lives and to do so through a concept of  active deterrence.   What does that mean? Active deterrence means that the people who want  to harm you decide not to because the cost of harming you is higher  than the benefit of harming you. That is an important point here. The  strike on Soleimani was not just about preventing an imminent attack.  That, in and of itself, alone was reason to act, but the second thing  that was important was reestablishing active deterrence.   For whatever reason, the Iranians have concluded that they could go  further than they have ever gone before in directly attacking Americans  or using their proxies to attack Americans. So much so that they  tried--they failed, but they tried--and could have breached our Embassy  compound in Baghdad and killed Americans, civilians, and diplomats, and  our military personnel stationed there. They tried to. And they could  have and want to launch lethal attacks to kill as many Americans as  they possibly can because, for whatever reason, they concluded they  could get away with it, that we would tolerate it. It was critical to  the defense of this country, to our national interests, and to the  lives of our men and women in uniform deployed abroad that we restore  active deterrence.   Now, time will tell how much was restored, but, clearly, I believe  some of it was restored. Even the comments today of an Iranian  commander--``Well, we shot missiles, but we didn't try to kill  anybody''--are indicative of a desire to deescalate, at least for the  time being.   The other thing I hear is this: Well, the President has no strategy.  That is the problem. There is no strategy.   I think you could argue that they haven't done a good-enough job of  outlining a strategy, but I don't think it is fair to say they have no  strategy.   The strategy begins with a goal. The goal is pretty straightforward:  a prosperous Iran that lives in harmony with its neighbors and does not  have nuclear weapons or continues to support terrorism and terrorist  groups. That is the goal.   How do you achieve it? By Iran's abandoning its desire for nuclear  weapons and by no longer standing up these terrorist groups that, for  over a decade or longer, have been killing Americans and trying to harm  Americans, Israelis, and other allies.   How else do you achieve it? By imposing crushing economic sanctions,  while leaving open the door for real--not fake, not talk for the sake  of talk--diplomacy, but, at the same time, making it abundantly clear  that you will deter, repel, and act against any effort to harm  Americans.   All this talk about military conflict and U.S. actions overlooks the  fundamental fact that what is happening here is that Iran has decided  to respond to economic sanctions with violence. Their response to  economic sanctions has been this: Can we get one of these terrorist  groups using weapons that we give them to kill Americans? Can we put  limpet mines on merchant ships? Can we attack the Saudis? That has been  their response to economic sanctions: violence.    Presidents don't have the luxury of bluffing. You can't go around  saying ``If you kill Americans, there will be consequences,'' and then  they try to kill Americans--or, in the case of Iran, did--and do  nothing about it because now what you have done is you have invited a  committed adversary to do more of it--not just to tragically kill one  brave American contractor but to kill dozens or hundreds of Americans  in various spots throughout the world.   The last point I want to make is all this talk about an authorization  for use of force. I want to begin by sharing my personal view. I  believe the War Powers Resolution is unconstitutional. I think the  power of Congress resides in the opportunity to declare war and to fund  it. Every Presidential administration, Republican and Democrat alike,  has taken the same position.   That doesn't mean we should never have an AUMF. I think our actions  are stronger when it is clear that they have strong bipartisan support  from both Houses of Congress. I also think all this talk about AUMFs is  completely and utterly irrelevant to the case in point.   No. 1, under the Constitution of the United States--and the War  Powers  [[Page S108]]  Resolution, by the way--the President of the United States not only has  the authority to act in self-defense but an obligation to do so. An  obligation to do so. That is No. 1.   No. 2, it is especially true in this case, where the lives and the  troops he sought to protect were deployed to Iraq on an anti-ISIS,  anti-terrorism mission approved by Congress through an AUMF, an AUMF  that states very clearly that one of the reasons we are allowed to use  military force, as authorized by Congress, is to defend against  attacks.   I don't believe there is a single Member of Congress who has the  willingness to stand before the American people and say: I think, when  we deploy troops abroad, they should not be allowed to defend  themselves.   Not only do you not need an AUMF or congressional authority to act in  self-defense, but the troops who were defending themselves here--and  the troops we were defending in the Soleimani strike and preventing an  attack against--are deployed pursuant to a congressional authorization.   Honestly, what I see here, in addition to the arguments I have  already discussed about how ridiculous it is to portray this as the  actions of a reckless madman who is escalating things, is an argument  about when might you need an AUMF. Give us some theoretical,  hypothetical scenario in which you might need an AUMF. The  hypotheticals they are posturing are ones that this administration has  never, never proposed and, frankly, haven't even contemplated.   No one is talking about an all-out invasion of Iran. If you were  telling me the President is putting together plans to invade Iran, to  go in and capture territory, to remove the Ayatollah and install a new  government, I would say: All right, that is something that there should  be a debate about.   Who is talking about that? I haven't heard anybody propose that. Yet,  somehow, the House today is going to spend time on this. People have  filed bills on this. Look, we can debate anything we want. People can  file any bill they want. That is a privileged motion. It comes to the  floor. Great.   By the way, no one said: Don't go around talking about this; just be  quiet.   Perhaps it should have been stated more artfully, but the point that  was being made, which is a valid point, is that, when the Iranians  analyze responses to the United States, one of the things they look at  is this: Do domestic politics and differences of opinion and divisions  among American officials restrain what the President can do against us?  You may not like it, but I want to be frank with you. They believe that  our political differences in this country and that our disagreements  constrain the President's ability to respond to attacks. They believe  it limits his ability to deter. Now, hopefully the strike on Soleimani  may have reset that a little bit. That doesn't mean we shouldn't debate  it, and I don't think you should ever tell Congress not to discuss  these things. We have a right to. Frankly, everybody here has been  elected by a constituency, so people can choose to raise whichever  issue they want.   I also don't think it is invalid to point out that these internal  debates we have in this country do have an impact on what our  adversaries think they can get away with. It doesn't make anyone an  appeaser or a traitor, but it is a factor I think people should  recognize. That is all.   In closing, I would say, look, there was a time--I am not one of  these people who pine for the golden era. It is funny. I hear people  talking about the Clinton impeachment trial. Oftentimes people come to  me and say: In the good old days, back in the nineties, when everybody  got together and Congressmen were all friends--and I don't know what it  was like then because I wasn't here, but I remind them that, in the  golden days about which they often talk, we were impeaching Bill  Clinton around here. They didn't do it on social media and Twitter and  24-hour cable news at the time, but there has always been friction in  American politics.   One thing I can say that is evident is that there was a time in  American politics that I hope we can return to, and that is a time  which, when it came to issues of national security, there was some  level of restraint because we understood, when it came to that, the  people who would ultimately pay the price for overpoliticizing any  issue, for reckless talk, and for unnecessary accusations were not the  political figures. Presidents and Ayatollahs don't die in conflicts  like these. Do you know who dies? The young men and women we send  abroad, the innocent civilians caught in the middle, and the refugees  who are forced to leave their homes as a result.   There are real-world, life-and-death implications. That is why it has  long been American tradition that, when it comes to issues of foreign  policy and national security, they were always treated just a little  bit differently, with some deference. Even if you disagreed, you sort  of tailored it in a way that you thought would not harm those  interests.   I think that has been lost, probably, on both sides. I still make it  a habit when I travel abroad not to discuss or criticize U.S. leaders  at home, but I understand times have changed.   I would just say, in this particular case, I know that this Nation  remains conflicted about the conflicts that led us into Iran and  Afghanistan and that keep us in the region to this day. That is a  valid, valid debate. I just don't think this looks anything like it.  This is about a strike that every single member of the President's  national security team, including the chairman of the Joint Chiefs,  believes was necessary in order to prevent a near-term attack against  Americans that could be lethal and catastrophic.   This is about restoring active deterrents, effective deterrents,  against future strikes, and I hope that we can bring that debate back  to where it belongs so that, on matters of such importance, we can  figure out solutions and not simple rhetoric.   I yield the floor.   