 Mr. Speaker, the word ``congress'' literally means  the act of coming together and meeting. The Constitution calls for  representatives to attend, to assemble, and to meet. Congress is a  deliberative body, and by its very nature, that requires the people's  representatives to interact with each other, both through formal  proceedings as well as through the countless informal conversations  that are the unique product of coming together and meeting.   Fulfilling that duty, Congress has met throughout every war and  pandemic that has come before us. We expect grocery clerks to show up  at 4:00 in the morning to restock the shelves, but the House of  Representatives is going to phone it in?   Each of us is the proxy for our constituents. They expect us to speak  and vote for them, and answer to them, not hand off that trust to  someone entirely unaccountable because we are too lazy or too scared to  show up for work.   Good God, what are we doing to our country?    Mr. Speaker, $3 trillion divided by 129 million  households means the average family will have to pay more than $23,000  for this single bill, either from their future taxes or from inflation  robbing their savings and retirements.   Now, when we passed the last bill, I warned it was no substitute for  restoring our Nation's commerce immediately for a simple reason: The  Federal Government does not finance the economy; the economy finances  the government. Government cannot put a single dollar into the economy  that it has not first taken out of that same economy.   The wholesale lockdown of the American people and the deliberate  decimation of their livelihoods has been the single most self- destructive folly in our Nation's history. These draconian measures  have proven much less effective at stopping the virus than we were  assured but have been much more effective at destroying the jobs that  people rely upon to feed their families. We have had enough.   Democrats, don't take away our future. Give us back our country.   