 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have come to the floor again today to  talk about the need for us, as a Congress, to come together to address  this coronavirus pandemic. We have an unprecedented healthcare and  economic crisis right now, and it is important for us to figure out  what we can do, what we can agree on, and then move forward.   Since this pandemic began back in March, I am told I have come to the  floor now 17 separate times to urge my colleagues to work together on a  bipartisan basis to try to put together legislation that will enable us  to respond effectively and in a focused way to the COVID-19 crisis.   We had some early successes. Remember the CARES Act that was passed  back in March. That was 8 months ago--8 months ago. Really, for the  last 6 months, we haven't passed anything to address this crisis. Yet  the crisis has ebbed and flowed, and, right now, unfortunately, it is  at an all-time high in my State of Ohio.   I have been frustrated that we can't have that same sense of urgency  and willingness to work together as we had during those first couple of  months of the coronavirus pandemic. It seemed to have disappeared as we  entered election season; didn't it? So, as we got closer and closer to  the election, there was more and more divide and inability to come  together. Now we need to get back to that sense of bipartisanship--I  would even say nonpartisanship in so much of this--and cooperation for  the good of our country.   It is getting worse, as I said, in my State of Ohio and around the  country, and I believe we can make a difference, and that is important.  There are things we can do at the Federal level that would help.   Right now, we are averaging in this country over 100,000 new cases  per day. That is double the rate from just 1 month ago--double the rate  from 1 month ago. It was predicted as it got colder and people were  inside more. The third wave has arrived.   In Ohio, the number of daily new cases has risen every day for the  past month. Just last night, Ohio Governor Mike DeWine reported nearly  6,000 new cases in the last 24-hour period, compared to 1,000 cases per  day that the  [[Page S6663]]  State experienced just at the beginning of October.   Unfortunately, it is not just about new cases. We are seeing  increases in hospitalizations. We are seeing increases in patients that  are in the ICU units. We are seeing increases, sadly, in fatalities. We  need to do more to help this economy, too, because the economy, as the  pandemic has worsened, has begun to slow.   Initially, we had impressive economic growth--no question about it-- but it has begun to slow at a time when the economy is still down 10  million jobs since February. Think about that. We are still 10 million  jobs short from where we were in February. What we really don't want is  for those 10 million people to become long-term unemployed, who may  never reenter the workforce. That is why it is important to act and act  now.   Unemployment claims, which were going down, by the way, seem to have  more or less flattened in most States, including Ohio. Ohio's  unemployment rate, we are told, for the most recent month we have data  for, which is September, was still above 8 percent. I think it is  better now, but it is still way too high.   And, of course, certain sectors of the economy, like hospitality,  travel, and entertainment, are really struggling badly, with no end in  sight, as some States begin to reimplement these stricter social  distancing measures, and some States are even putting back in place  closures. So, if you are in the hospitality business, entertainment  business, or travel business, you are concerned right now. To counter  the spread of the virus, these closures are also going to have a  terrible economic impact on businesses and on families.   These dangerous trends are putting people's lives and livelihoods at  risk if we can't start to reverse them. And, again, it has been 6  months since we came together in any kind of a package and 8 months  since the CARES package.   I believe there are some in Congress, including, I believe, the  Speaker of the House, who were not interested in seeing a comprehensive  package passed before the election. They thought it would be good  politics, I guess, for President Trump. I don't know. Looking at the  results of the election, I think it might have been just the opposite.   But the point is that the election is now behind us. So if that was  the reason, let's forget that. Let's get something done here. Let's get  this partisan gridlock off the docket on this issue, and let's focus on  what is good for the American people. This is what is called the  lameduck session of Congress. So that is a good time to do it. We are  past the election, and the new Congress hasn't come on yet. Let's work  together in good faith toward a Federal response that is focused and  targeted, and we can find some common ground here.   I believe the best path forward is very close to what has been  embodied in some of these more targeted proposals, including ones that  we have put on the floor repeatedly here since way back in August.  These bills are inclusive of some of the most important bipartisan  priorities, like providing needed funding for vaccine and therapy  development and like replenishing the successful PPP program for small  businesses. It was included in the CARES Act, by the way, but it  expired back in August. So, on August 9, the Paycheck Protection  Program, or PPP, actually expired. So for these struggling small  businesses, they have nowhere to turn.   How about providing funding to the schools? That is bipartisan. How  about making sure that we have folks who are able to come together to  help ensure that we have adequate funding for this exciting new vaccine  development that we are hearing about? Anyway, when we have tried to  bring these to the floor, the other side has blocked even entering into  a debate about it.    Instead, Democrats have insisted on the House-passed Heroes Act,  which passed in May, with almost no Republican support, which makes a  bunch of controversial changes to policy unrelated to coronavirus-- repealing State and local tax deductions to benefit mostly wealthy  Americans and making unprecedented changes to immigration laws. What do  these policies have to do with coronavirus? Nothing.   At a time of unprecedented deficits and debt, it makes those changes  with a pricetag of $3.5 trillion. And some say: Well, the Speaker is  now down to $2.4 trillion. Folks, whatever that number is, it is going  to be unprecedented. We never had anything that expensive pass the  Congress. It is at a time, again, when we have the highest deficit we  have ever had. And our debt, as a percent of our GDP, sadly, is now 100  percent of our GDP, which it hasn't been since World War II.   We are past the contentious election season now. So let's put aside  the politics and let's build a targeted, bipartisan coronavirus bill  based on what we all agree works and what we agree really is needed in  the face of a rapidly spreading virus.   Here are a few examples of what we can do. First, our next  coronavirus response package should have the Healthy Workplace Tax  Credit, which basically says: We all want people to get back to work,  back to school, and back to the hospitals. But let's do it safely. This  would really help the bars, the restaurants, the salons, the gyms, the  bowling alleys, and other businesses to reopen safely and stay open by  basically compensating them for the purchase of hand sanitizers, PPE  like face shields and gloves, and for the reconfiguration of their  workplaces with plexiglass, as we are seeing, and for other measures to  allow for social distancing.   As businesses prepare to winterize their outdoor spaces in order to  prevent the spread of COVID, this payroll tax credit that is in this  legislation would help offset those costs and help businesses stay  open. It is just what we need to help keep our economy afloat.   This is, I think, the sweet spot. I think everyone agrees, I hope,  that we should go back to work, go back to school, go back to the  hospitals, and so on, but we need to do it safely. That is what this  does. Shouldn't that be bipartisan? Even nonpartisan?   Second, we should invest heavily in testing and contact tracing so  that States are better equipped to respond to the surge of outbreaks.  Republicans and Democrats alike know that fast and accurate tests are  critical to stopping the spread of this disease and getting people more  comfortable going back to shopping, going back to work, going back to  school, and going back to a more normal life.   The targeted bill, again, that we introduced last month that  Democrats blocked had $16 billion set aside for testing and tracing. We  could use those resources right now in Ohio. I spoke to Governor DeWine  earlier this week. We want the money for testing. We need it. Let's  pass it now.   Third, we also need help to continue the development of these  treatments and these vaccines as quickly as possible. The recent news  of a potential vaccine by Pfizer with a 90-percent efficacy is really  promising, but we can't take our foot off the gas on this. If we cannot  address the underlying healthcare challenge with the coronavirus, we  are going to be stuck playing defense against this disease for a long  time.   The targeted bill from last month included $37 billion for vaccine  development and distribution and $20 billion for therapies, which I  think are really good starting points for us to at least debate what  the final number should be. But let's help right now to ensure we don't  slow down the vaccines and the therapies and be sure the distribution  works.   In the face of a virus that seems like it is getting more and more  out of hand every day, these three proposals are examples--the tax  credit for safely reopening businesses, money for improved testing and  tracing, and money for vaccine and therapy development. These all seem  like commonsense ideas. I don't see any reason why a majority in this  Chamber can't come together and build a bipartisan response based on  these kind of simple policies.   Whatever we do, we can't afford to delay any longer. American lives  are at stake, and we are in danger of losing ground where we gained it  on the coronavirus, as this third wave threatens my home State of Ohio  and our country. Let's not wait any longer. Let's come together and  once again get something done that helps the people whom we represent.   