 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 3201, the Temporary  Reauthorization and Study of the Emergency Scheduling of Fentanyl  Analogues Act. This is a commonsense, bipartisan extension of DEA's  temporary scheduling of fentanyl-related substances.   Mr. Speaker, fentanyl is 50 times more potent than heroin. Fentanyl  is 100 times more potent than morphine. There are also countless types  of fentanyl analogues which are similar in chemical structure to  fentanyl but can be even more potent.   In just a 1-year period, synthetic opioids like fentanyl claimed more  than 32,000 American lives. I am reminded of the story of Amanda Gray,  a beautiful young lady who was going to college, ended up being given  100 percent fentanyl, and died.  [[Page H649]]    These are evil things going on in our society and our culture, and  this legislation will help put a stop to it. To fight this epidemic,  the Drug Enforcement Administration was able to put in place this  powerful but temporary tool.   Previously, drug traffickers could create these new variations of  fentanyl by changing as little as a molecule--just one. Then these new  variations, or analogues, as they are known, were not any longer on the  schedule of controlled drugs.   So what does that mean? They were outside of the control of law  enforcement. They were legal.   Analogues allow drug traffickers in clandestine labs to use the legal  system and their chemistry knowledge to their advantage. By simply  tweaking the drug and calling it something else then, they can avoid  prosecution.   The creation of analogues has outpaced the DEA's ability to schedule  them, so the DEA used emergency authorities that we have given them to  temporarily place all previously unscheduled fentanyl analogues in  schedule I so the administration could combat all fentanyl-related  substances instead of just going after one substance at a time.   Since the instatement of the scheduling order, the DEA has  encountered over 20 fentanyl-related substances that would have been  perfectly legal but for this law.   Because of the number of possible variations to the fentanyl  molecule, there is the potential for these bad actors--these killers-- to create 3,000 analogues. There is no way the DEA could keep up one by  one. Many of these substances will be legal again if no action is  taken.   The DEA's ability to schedule all fentanyl substances expires next  week. That is why Congress must act, and it must act now.   This is what we were fighting about yesterday, as Republicans, to get  this bill on the floor. It shouldn't have come to the last minute, but  I am glad it is here. The Senate has passed this bill, unanimously,  some time ago, and S. 3201 is before us today.   Last Congress, we were able to put partisanship aside to pass the  SUPPORT Act, landmark legislation to combat the opioid crisis.  Synthetic opioids like fentanyl and its analogues continue to ravage  our communities and take lives, and I am pleased that, again, we put  partisanship aside today to extend this critical emergency scheduling  order. This way, law enforcement does not lose its important capability  to combat trafficking of fentanyl-related substances.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in support  of this important legislation and to preserve this tool for law  enforcement and those on the front lines of our communities fighting  this opioid crisis that is so deadly.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Burgess), the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg), a very important member of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, we have several more people who would like  to speak on this.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Carter), the lone pharmacist in the U.S. House of Representatives.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), the former chairman of the Judiciary  Committee and the Science, Space, and Technology Committee.    Mr. Speaker, we have one more speaker who is making her  way here, and so I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and friend from New  Hampshire for her leadership on this and her deep caring about it. It  is something we all share. We all have our stories, both personal and  throughout our districts, that we have heard over the years about the  tragedy of addiction.   When we worked on the opioid legislation the last Congress when I  chaired the Energy and Commerce Committee, we heard from so many  Members who came and made their case when we had Member Day from then- Democratic Leader Pelosi to everybody--right, left, center--and we took  all of those ideas and did what this body does best: We converted them  into legislation. We had over 50 bills and it became one in the SUPPORT  Act which is now law.   We also continued our investigation through the end of 2018 looking  at how this abuse got out of control from the prescribers, from the  distributors, from the illegal traffickers, every bit of that, and I  hope before this Congress is over, we go back, look at the  recommendations from that report, and see what else we need to do.    There were Member ideas that did not make it all the way through the  process last time that we should be focused on. Obviously, there is  certainly interest in criminal justice reform, and I dare say--and I  will be careful how I say this--but perhaps the Judiciary Committee  could have used some of its time differently earlier in this Congress  to address these pressing issues as opposed to some of the matters it  decided to focus on.   We have more work to do in this space to get treatment, to get  justice, and to stop these purveyors of death.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Mrs. Rodgers), a very important member of our Energy and Commerce  Committee    Mr. Speaker, how much time does each side have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is one of those rare moments of bipartisanship on  the floor. This is a killer issue in every respect. I am pleased we are  finally getting this signed through this process and down to the  President to be signed after the vote today, which I assume will go  well.   There is much more work to be done in this space to help those who  suffer from substance use disorder and help those in our communities  who are confronted with mental health disease and no place to get  assistance or the proper assistance.   It is true that our jails and our prisons are often where we house  people with mental health disorders because we have no other place, and  that is not the right course for treatment.   Today, we take a big and important step to try and stop these illegal  and deadly analogues of fentanyl. We have all heard how potent they are  and how deadly they are. It gets mixed in with the heroin and people  take it, and that is why we see the circles of death in our communities  when it is too strong for the human body to take.   Today, is an important day, Mr. Speaker. I wish it had been done much  sooner so there wasn't this sort of craziness in the end: Are we going  to get this done? Is it going to expire? It doesn't have to be that  way, and obviously, there are more issues to be taken up.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support. S. 3201, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   