 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr.  Huffman) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of H.R. 970, and I salute my colleague,  Congressman Brown, for his exemplary leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I cannot find a single case of any other country on  Earth where monuments and memorials are put up to honor the generals of  enemy forces in a civil war or any other war. Maybe another such case  exists, but I can't find it. And there is no denying that there is  something freakishly unusual about this practice, but you cannot blame  Americans from the 19th century. In this case, you can't even blame  Americans from the 20th century.   This statue of Robert E. Lee went up in 2003, not even 2 decades ago.  The bizarre and stubborn impulse to honor Confederate military traitors  to the Union on the very battlefield where they fought to destroy our  Union and to kill our soldiers waving the Union flag reflects the hold  of the so-called ``Lost Cause'' ideology, the myth which returns in  times of resurgent racism, that the Confederate cause was heroic and  noble, that slavery was a benevolent institution, and that treason was  somehow justified.   This kind of derangement from reality and from American  constitutionalism has set the pattern for a paranoid style in American  politics, which continues to this very day.   Mr. Speaker, in 2020, we have a President of the United States who  refuses to accept his defeat in the election by more than 7 million  votes and by a margin of 306-232 in the Electoral College--a margin he  declared ``a landslide'' when he won by that very same amount.   A big defender of the Confederate statues, the President from New  York is busily constructing a new romantic ``Lost Cause'' mythology  about his loss, despite the fact that more than 40 courts have rejected  all of his claims about the election.   Mr. Speaker, let us put an end to this strange practice of honoring  the military enemies of the United States. Let us put an end to the  ``Lost Cause'' mythology, which has been such an abscess and such a  danger to the Republic.   