 Mr. President, I want to thank the vice chair of the  Select Committee on Intelligence and pick up on his remarks.   For my colleagues, I believe they have asked that I give my remarks  before I offer my unanimous consent request, and that is what I will  do.   Mr. President, America is 266 days away from the 2020 elections, and  Majority Leader McConnell has yet to take any concrete steps to protect  our foreign elections from hacking or foreign interference. Thanks to  this legislative blockade, the Senate has been totally derelict in its  duty to stop foreign cyber attacks on our election.   I want to give just one concrete example, having listened to my  colleague from Tennessee. There is not one single nationwide, mandatory  election cyber security standard on the books. That means there is not  even a prohibition on voting machines having an open connection to the  internet. Colleagues, that is the equivalent of stashing our ballots in  the Kremlin. There is no such cyber security prohibition.   The election security debacle of 2016 was 4 years ago, but still this  body has refused to act. We know Russian hackers probed all 50 State  election systems. They hacked at least one election vendor. Russians  penetrated two Florida county election systems, according to Florida's  Governor. That is just what we know about.   Despite all the ways foreign hackers have already made it into our  election infrastructure, the Congress has refused to arm State and  county officials with the knowledge and funding they need to secure  their systems.   I will state what I tell my constituents at townhall meetings at  home--and I have more of them scheduled this weekend--I believe, as of  today, the 2020 election is going to make 2016 look like small  potatoes. The list of threats and vulnerabilities ought to be a wake-up  call--a wake-up call--for every Member of this Senate. There were the  ES&S voting machines that for years came with preinstalled remote- access software. There is the fact that Russia hacked an election  vendor called VR Systems in the summer of 2016. VR Systems electronic  poll books in North Carolina malfunctioned on election day that year,  and one polling place had to shut down for hours. It was 2\1/2\ years  before the Department of Homeland Security even investigated what had  happened, and the government still has not adequately responded to  questions I and Senator Klobuchar have asked about this.   Right now, many election officials across the country are buying  election systems that they believe in good faith are high tech, but  they are in fact vulnerable to hacking and are outdated the moment they  come out of the box. There is the alarming trend of states using mobile  voting apps, like Voatz, that haven't been vetted by top security  experts.   This is the reason why so many cyber security experts have been  sounding the alarms for years, warning that putting computers between a  voter and their ballots is a prescription for disaster. What happens  when a ``glitch'' changes a candidate's vote totals by just 2 percent  or 5 percent instead of 50 percent? What happens when a glitch shuts  down machines in some precincts and not others, disenfranchising voters  and skewing election results?   Five States still exclusively use hackable, paperless voting  machines, and nine other States still use paperless machines in some  counties.   These are serious problems, but there are some clear solutions. I  proposed a bill called the PAVE Act, which has three key priorities  that are universally supported by people who are knowledgeable in the  election security field: paper ballots, routine post-election risk- limiting audits, and mandatory Federal cyber security standards for  election systems.   Last year, the House passed a major election security bill called the  SAFE Act, which included most of the PAVE Act. Senator Klobuchar and I,  on behalf of colleagues on this side of the aisle, introduced the  Senate version of the SAFE Act. The SAFE Act has all three key elements  recommended by our Nation's top cyber security experts--paper ballots,  security standards, and postelection audits--as well as the funding  necessary to make sure States can live up to the new standards.   The SAFE Act, in my view, represents the most comprehensive  commonsense defense against foreign election hacking. I strongly urge  my colleagues to reconsider their opposition to this vitally important  legislation.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Rules and Administration Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 2238, the SAFE Act; that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration; that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Just to give a brief response, I think it is unfortunate  that my colleague is not even willing to engage in this discussion with  respect to this.   I just want my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to think  about their claims. They are saying, for example, that, well, they are  sympathetic to the idea that there should be more money for election  officials. The recent appropriations funding doesn't even have a  requirement that it be spent on election security. States can buy brand  new, insecure paperless voting machines that are pretty much useless  when they come out of the box. They can even use the money to buy  office chairs or a water cooler for the election office.   Again, I come back, and I hope my colleague from Tennessee will  reflect on this because she is somebody who has spent a lot of time on  technology issues.   The idea that this Senate is willing to say ``You know, we are not  even going to do something. We are not even going to act'' when you can  have voting machines with an open connection to the internet--it is  just like stashing our ballots in the Kremlin. Something really is out  of whack, and we ought to be coming together and passing the SAFE Act.  We at least ought to be talking about it. What we have is a specific,  documented case for an important piece of legislation, and the majority  just says: That is the way it is. We are happy to say that you can have  voting machines with an open connection to the internet. We are not  even going to talk about it.   I think it is very unfortunate.   I yield the floor.   