 Mr. Speaker, once again, my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle are pulling the wool over the American people's eyes.   We are here today not to debate or conduct public policy for the  benefit of the Nation; we are here so they can perform in political  theater. If you have any doubt about that, this coming Monday, the  Oversight and Reform Committee is having a hearing with the Postmaster  General about this same issue.   So we are voting first, then we are having hearings? I think that is  you-know-what backwards.   My colleagues on the left are faking outrage over a made-up crisis to  score points during an election. The United  [[Page H4277]]  States Postal Service is under no greater stress than it was before the  coronavirus pandemic and well before this election cycle.   The facts have been laid out by experts, by independent journalists,  by regular citizens who do the job the mainstream media refuses to do.  Rather than find out and report what is really going on, we have  mainstream media parroting Speaker Pelosi's conspiracy theory.   Here are the facts:   The post office is solvent through most of 2021 and will be able to  operate for the 2020 election. They have $15 billion cash on hand. They  have a $10 billion line of credit they have not used.   If every single American voted by mail this cycle, it would be as low  as one-quarter of the mail the post office handles daily.   We have heard a lot about the sorting machines. First-class mail has  really tapered off and the volume of packages has increased, so that is  an efficiency standard that is doing better.   During the 5-year span of the Obama administration, 14,000 blue  collection boxes were removed from the streets.   Twice during election years, the Obama administration proposed  funding cuts to the Postal Service. Where was the outrage then? There  was none.   Removing and relocating collection boxes where they are more useful  is common sense, not a conspiracy.   Postmaster DeJoy testified and has come out publicly saying they are  not going to do any more cost-cutting measures before the election, so  everything is frozen.   What the other side really wants is universal mail voting, not  absentee voting, which we all support. They want universal mail voting.  We just mail out ballots to anybody, and who knows who they will be.  All that is going to do is sow the seeds, if the election doesn't go  their way, to create more chaos and more division in this country.   You won't hear any of these facts from the mainstream media.    Mr. Speaker, this bill provides funding that is already  there. Creating and peddling this conspiracy theory is irresponsible  and reckless. At a time when Russia and China are meddling in our  elections, we don't need help from Congress peddling fake news.   This is one bill that needs to be labeled, ``Return to sender.''   