 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for organizing  this Special Order on this really important topic.   Mr. Speaker, yesterday, we held a hearing in the House Committee on  Foreign Affairs on the administration's actions in Iran. Over the past  few weeks, the United States and Iran have come closer to outright war  than any time in our history. However, despite the seriousness of the  situation, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo refused to appear.   The Framers of the Constitution gave the power to declare war solely  to the Congress of the United States, the elected representatives of  the people. The reason they did that is they wanted to prevent a  President from making the decision to take the country to war without  the support of the American people.   As we think about the President's decision, the only lens through  which we  [[Page H277]]  should view it is whether or not those actions made Americans safer and  strengthened America's national security interests in the region and  around the world.   The fact that Soleimani got what he deserved does not mean that this  decision was strategically wise or that it enhanced American security.   I, frankly, have been shocked by some of the arguments being put  forth by my colleagues in support of the President's actions and the  criticism being directed at Members of Congress for taking our war  powers responsibility seriously.   Have we become so completely partisan that Members of Congress no  longer care at all about the checks and balances put in place to  protect our democracy? I heard Members on the other side describe the  idea of even holding a hearing on the administration's actions against  Iran as absurd.   The idea that we, as Congress, would sit back and allow this  administration or any administration to take our country to the brink  of war and just trust them, despite conflicting explanations, obvious  falsehoods, and a complete lack of strategy and planning, is what is  absurd.   What is absurd is the Secretary of State spending nearly 2 years  agitating for armed conflict with Iran and then refusing to come to  explain himself after he succeeds in convincing the President to engage  in military action.   If you are Secretary of State while the country enters into a tense  military conflict, you should expect to clear your schedule and get up  to Congress to make your case. Yet, the Secretary had somewhere more  important to be yesterday.   That is a shocking abrogation of his duty to report to this body,  which has the sole power to declare war on behalf of the American  people.   One would think that if the Secretary was so confident in his  intelligence, so confident in his justification, and so confident in  his strategy that he would be eager to present it and defend it to  Congress.   We know he has been making the rounds on television, yet he fails to  appear under oath where he can be held accountable. Perhaps that has  something to do with the conflicting stories that have been coming out  of the administration concerning their justification for the strike  against Qasem Soleimani.   First, we were told that there was an imminent threat against the  United States, but Secretary Pompeo couldn't say when or where that  attack might occur and presented no underlying or raw intelligence to  support that conclusion.   Then, the President said Soleimani was plotting to attack up to four  American Embassies in the region. Yet, this was not mentioned in  briefings to Congress, and other senior officials in the administration  were unaware of such a plot.   Other officials have linked the Soleimani killing to past and future  attacks Soleimani might have been plotting with no specificity, while  others have reported that the killing was first planned as long as 7  months ago.   The conflicting explanations coming out of this administration,  combined with their unwillingness to share details with Congress or the  American people, leave us no choice but to conclude that the President  acted outside of the authority under the War Powers Resolution and took  unilateral military action against a senior government official without  proper authorization.   I have heard others make the argument that none of this matters.  Soleimani is a bad guy and got what he deserved. The Iranians have  backed off so it is all fine.   That is today. What about the next time? When an administration  believes it can launch a military strike that might lead to war with no  information-sharing, no legal justification, and no oversight, who  knows what they will do next.   Nearly every step taken over the past 2 years by President Trump and  Secretary Pompeo has seemed designed to create conflict with Iran by  asserting maximum pressure. Without any option or plan for a negotiated  solution, armed conflict became more and more likely.   There is no evidence that we are safer today than we were before the  killing of Soleimani. In fact, we know we are less safe.   We have stopped the training of Iraqis in the fight against ISIS.  There are more American troops that have been sent to the region. We  have now suffered two attacks on bases that house American and allied  forces. This notion that we are safer today is simply belied by the  facts.   So we are here today, and it doesn't appear that the administration  has any strategy or plan for next steps, other than the farfetched wish  that Iran will be so cowed in the face of their bluster that it will  agree to all of their demands. That seems unlikely and doesn't  represent any thoughtful or coherent planning.   Forgive me if I don't want to repeat the mistakes of the past and put  my trust in officials when they march us to war and claim: ``Trust us.  This is necessary.''    I will not be responsible for sending the men and women of Rhode  Island--or any other State, for that matter--into harm's way so that  the President can feel like a big shot and his advisers can finally  achieve the war they seem to have been building toward since he took  office.   I am disgusted by the Secretary's absence yesterday. He should appear  before the committee as soon as possible, and that means within days,  to explain himself, the administration's position, and their plan for  preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and promoting America's  national security and keeping America safe.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time.   