 Madam President, first I want to thank my  colleague from Missouri. We got here at the same time, and both of us  saw the dangers of Communist China, the dangers of the Communist Party  of China, and the dangers of the General Secretary of the Communist  Party, Xi.   We have watched a million Uighurs get put into prison just for their  religion. We have watched American companies have their technology  stolen. We have watched as American jobs have been stolen. One of the  goals that both of us had when we came up here was to stop this.   We had the opportunity last year to visit the protesters in Hong  Kong, and we got to hear from them firsthand their concern about what  Communist China would be doing to take away their basic rights, rights  granted to them in the turnover from Great Britain to China, on paper.  But, as we know, the Communist Party and the General Secretary of the  Communist Party don't care about any of these things.   We have watched the Communist Party use drones for surveillance. We  have watched, as my colleague has said, TikTok become a worldwide  phenomenon. It is an opportunity for the Communist Party of China to  surveil all of our citizens, whatever of our citizens are using it.   So I want to thank my colleague for his effort in this regard--not  just this but all of his efforts to hold Communist China accountable.  There is a lot of work to do. As we know, this pandemic was much worse  because of the actions of the Communist Party of China.   So this is a commonsense thing to do. We should not have TikTok on  Federal Government phones. This is a good first step, but there is a  lot more to do to continue to hold Communist China accountable and to  make sure we all, as Americans, understand that we are now in a cold  war. This is not a cold war that America started. This is a cold war  that the Communist Party of China started, led by the General Secretary  of the Communist Party, Xi, and we are going to have to continue every  day to focus on how we prevent them from surveilling us.   Another thing Americans can do besides making sure you are not using  TikTok is making sure you are buying American products and don't buy  products from Communist China.   You will do more to hold them accountable. The more we can do things  like that, it will change the dynamics, and, hopefully, maybe  eventually Communist China will come to their senses and stop being an  adversary and eventually be merely a competitor.   I yield back to my colleague from Missouri.   