 Madam President, I think President Trump's decision to  take out General Soleimani was the boldest defense policy decision of  his Presidency to date. Even in a single strike, the President defended  American lives and showed Iran that terrorism and, most importantly,  spilling American blood is something that will come at a price, unlike  what we have gone through with the predecessor, when the redline didn't  mean anything. It means something now. Everybody knows it.   The result is that we are now in the best negotiating position with  Iran since 1979, and Iran's escalation, which includes attacks on  tankers, Saudi Arabia's oil facilities, and the killing of an American  citizen, has ended, at least for now.   Yet some Democrats would have you believe in a vote for a War Powers  Resolution, pretending as though the President is rushing to war. It is  just not happening. The facts are not there. There is no war with Iran.  An airstrike is not a war. Punishing Iran for killing an American  citizen is not a war, nor has the Soleimani strike started a new war,  as Democrats would have you believe. It just hasn't happened.   It has been 3 weeks now since the Democrats first tried to vote on  this resolution, and during those 3 weeks, nothing has happened. Let me  just repeat that. Nothing has happened. There have been no new Iranian  attacks against us, and we have not attacked them. How can anyone claim  that we are at some kind of a war?   Moreover, nobody wants war with Iran. The President has made it very  clear that he doesn't want war with Iran. In fact, the President's  decision to eliminate Soleimani has made war much less likely because  it showed Iran that its terrorism would come at a price. That wasn't  the case before.   Despite this success, today we are debating whether we want to tie  the hands of our Commander in Chief--or any Commander in Chief--to  respond when American lives are put at risk, as the Constitution gives  them the authority to do.   I want to be sure that all of my colleagues are crystal clear on what  exactly this War Powers Resolution means, what it will actually do. The  resolution calls on the President to terminate the use of American  Armed Forces for hostilities against Iran. But there are no hostilities  against Iran. There is no war with Iran.   The resolution calling for the termination of hostilities against  California would have the same effect. Practically speaking, this vote  will do nothing. It is nonsense, but we should be very concerned about  the symbolic effect this vote will have.   This will send a very damaging message to Iran. The Iranians will  interpret a vote in favor of this resolution as tying the President's  hands, and that would lead Iran to believe, once again, that it can get  by with anything.   Remember, it wasn't that long ago that they really believed that.  Nobody wants that. Congress doesn't want it. The White House doesn't  want it and certainly not the American people. So I don't know why we  are even debating a resolution that could make war more likely, when we  are trying to do just the opposite.   If the Democrats insist on tying the President's hands, the least we  can do is minimize the damage. While I urge my colleagues to vote  against this resolution, I also urge them to support amendments to  minimize the damage.   I want to comment briefly on the amendment offered by the ranking  member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, my friend the Senator  from Rhode Island. He is correct to highlight the traumatic brain  injuries that a number of our troops suffered during the January 8  Iranian strike on Iraq. We understand that.  [[Page S1059]]    However, I would like to clarify: I believe we were not misled in  this at all. Mild TBIs can only be confirmed through MRI scans. The  Department of Defense implemented its screening procedure properly and  made sure that all troops in the vicinity of the strike were screened.  I think we need to understand that. All of this was done, and it is as  if that wasn't done at all.   Once those results were made available, the Department of Defense  notified the public in a press release. It then briefed our committee,  the committee that I chair. I therefore want to commend the Department  of Defense for taking all the right measures to protect our forces  during the Iranian strikes and for appropriately screening our forces  for aftereffects.   This is why I think it is extremely important that we vote this  resolution down. Even as it is amended now, it will signal to the  Iranians that there is no price for aggression. It will undermine  deterrence, and it will leave our troops, diplomats, and citizens  vulnerable. Nobody wants that.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I  report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in  the Records on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save  the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these  nominations lie at the Secretary's desk for the information of  Senators.   