 Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of the NO BAN  Act, a powerful bill that preserves the promise of America and rejects  this administration's xenophobic and anti-Muslim immigration policies.   The President's reckless bans on majority Muslim and African  countries do not align with our American values or the unique promise  that this country has offered immigrants and refugees for centuries. It  will not make us safer, and it is yet another example of this  administration's haphazard and cruel immigration policies.   I am proud that I was able to successfully offer an amendment during  the Judiciary Committee's markup, with the chairman's support, that  added this President's latest ban to the underlying bill. It is not  only the right thing to do for our country but also a matter very  personal to me.   As many in this Chamber know, my parents came to America nearly 40  years ago as refugees from Eritrea, one of the very countries that this  President has targeted in his latest ban. My parents' ability to start  a new life in this country offered me and my family freedom,  opportunity, and the privilege to truly experience the American Dream.  There are countless success stories like my family's waiting to be  told, stories that won't be written if this body does not pass this NO  BAN Act today.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleague to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today in support of the  Great American Outdoors Act. I would like to thank my colleague from  Arizona, the distinguished chairman, Chairman Grijalva, for his  leadership; and also thank my colleague from South Carolina,  Representative Cunningham, for introducing this bill.   The Great American Outdoors Act, as you have heard today, Mr.  Speaker, would provide full and permanent funding for the Land and  Water Conservation Fund, and address the significant maintenance  backlog on our Nation's public lands.   Since its inception, the LWCF program has established many of our  Nation's most coveted and incredible public lands. The program has  invested in over 41,000 parks, including Rocky Mountain National Park,  Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests, Lory State  [[Page H3648]]  Park, and so many other iconic parks in my district, the Second  Congressional District of the State of Colorado.   Nearly 1,000 LWCF grants have leveraged over $147 million dollars for  local government and State park investments in Colorado. In my district  alone, there have been 191 LWCF projects. Therefore, establishing  permanent and full funding truly is critical.   Additionally, deferred maintenance, as you have heard my colleagues  on both sides of the aisle discuss today, on our public lands is a  mounting problem that we can no longer afford to ignore.   As one of our country's most popular National Parks, Rocky Mountain  National Park faces a significant maintenance backlog of $84 million.  Our park employees are working incredibly hard, but they can't do it  alone. We must address this by increasing funds designed to upkeep and  rebuild infrastructure on our Federal public lands.   I have consistently urged Congress to fully fund LWCF and address  these challenges, and I am so heartened to see this collaborative  effort considered on the House floor today and, of course, grateful to  the county commissioners, and to so many local officials, conservation  groups, anglers and outdoor recreation businesses who have come  together to contribute their time and dedication to this effort. Let's  get this bill passed.   