 Madam President, I rise also to discuss the pending  matter, the serious matter of impeachment.   President Trump schemed to get Ukraine to help him win the 2020  election by strong-arming its new President to announce a bogus  investigation against a political opponent. To carry out his scheme, he  smeared, fired, and threatened a dedicated career ambassador, thwarted  Congress by secretly withholding appropriated military aid over the  advice of his national security team, violated two laws in order to  hide his actions, outsourced critical foreign policy to a rogue private  attorney, hurt an American ally, gratified an adversary, and overturned  longstanding precedent regarding the relationship between the executive  and legislative branches. The scheme was so repellant that numerous  members of his own administration fought against it, and then, when  they could not stop it themselves, courageously brought it to light.   The House managers have proven both Articles of Impeachment. But I  have struggled during the Senate process--which cannot be called a  trial due to the shocking refusal to allow key witnesses and  documents--with a basic question: Is it an abuse of trust for a  President to behave exactly as expected?   President Trump's behavior has been appalling, but it has not been a  surprise. The American people knew that Donald Trump would seek foreign  help to win an election. He publicly did so in 2016 by appealing to  Russia for help at the same time as our Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff said Russia was America's chief adversary. That he is doing so  again is no surprise.   The American public knew that Donald Trump would target political  opponents with false attacks. He publicly did so in 2016 by leading  crowds in chants of ``Lock her up.'' That he will again target  perceived opponents, Democrats or Republicans, Ambassadors or  whistleblowers, Representatives or Senators, war heros or teenage  environmental activists, is no surprise.   The American public knew that Donald Trump would obstruct the release  of information. He publicly did so in 2016, when he violated  longstanding practice by refusing to release his tax returns. That he  will continue to obstruct Congress, the media, and the American public  is no surprise.   His bigotry is no surprise. His lying is no surprise. His lack of  ethics is no surprise. His xenophobia is no surprise. His misogyny is  no surprise. His obsessive selfishness is no surprise. His hateful,  divisive, and ignorant rhetoric is no surprise.   But Presidential impeachment was not designed to remove an amoral  leader that the Nation had knowingly and willingly elected. It was  designed to rescue the Nation from a leader who abuses the public  trust. Can one abuse the public trust by behaving exactly as expected?   The Senate impeachment process answered my question. In 1974,  Senators of both parties were willing to condemn extreme Presidential  misconduct. In 1999, Senators of both parties were able to distinguish  between unacceptable personal behavior and ``high Crimes and  Misdemeanors.'' But in 2020, the Senate majority engineered an effort  to conceal the truth rather than find the truth. Some described their  motives as ``let the people decide,'' even as they voted to hide  critical evidence from the American people.  [[Page S832]]    While the President's actions have not been surprising, the Senate's  capitulation has surprised me. And last Friday, as the majority  repeatedly blocked the effort to consider witnesses and documents, I  had a sad epiphany. Unchallenged evil spreads like a virus. We have  allowed a toxic President to infect the Senate and warp its behavior,  and now the Senate's refusal to allow a fair trial threatens to spread  a broader anxiety about whether ``impartial justice'' is a hollow  fiction. An acquittal will lead to worse conduct.   I will not be part of this continual degradation of public trust;  thus, I will vote to convict.   An acquittal will, however, underscore a higher principle. The  removal of a man will not remove the moral void he exemplifies.  Instead, every day, people of good will must engage as never before and  show to ourselves and to the world that Americans still have the  capacity to choose right over wrong, service over self, fact over  fiction, and decency over malice.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   