 Madam Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to H.R.  Res. 68, which is a divisive resolution that ties President Trump's  hands during a time when our Nation and regional allies like Israel  need our support.  [[Page H1620]]    This resolution ignores efforts the President has made to avoid war,  instead continuing the Democratic Party's fixation on the President's  strike on Qasem Soleimani in Iraq.   My background does give me an expert perspective on the challenges in  the Middle East, and an understanding of the current situation on the  ground. Not only did I deploy directly after 9/11, I was the counter- IED team chief in 2006 and 2007 for the Counter-IED Operations  Intelligence Integration Center. So our team saw firsthand what Iranian  Quds Forces could do to U.S. forces based on IED deployment and  technology transfer.   This was not some type of reckless assassination. This was a targeted  elimination of a terrorist on our target list. President Trump's  escalated air strikes against those planning to inflict harm on  Americans are warranted responses against Iranian actions.   The United States reserves the right to defend itself, especially  against bad actors like Soleimani and Iran. Instead of supporting a  President who struck a terrorist, Democrats have retreated to partisan  talking points and have flocked to this bill, which undermines the  President's actions and shows a lack of American resolve to our enemies  abroad. This legislation harms our ability to protect American  interests. It harms our military preparedness.   Lines 20-25 of the resolution state that the President must terminate  the use of United States Armed Forces for hostilities against Iran ``or  any part of its government or military?''   Does this include proxies in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon, Algeria,  Yemen, Bahrain, and Shia militia groups? The IRGC is a foreign  terrorist organization, including its Quds Force.   Soleimani was with a person called al-Muhandis, the center of command  and control against American forces, Shia militia groups, and an  Iranian proxy. Do we consider force protection conditions? The  Commander in Chief needs flexibility in this new Arab warfare.   And I do agree that it is time for Congress to update our  authorizations for use of military force. I am eager to participate in  this process during this time of asymmetric warfare and rapid response  to terrorism. Let's provide solutions. Let's not provide political  hyperbole.   