 Mr. Speaker, I oppose this parade of  absurdities on behalf of America's students and grandchildren--Addison,  Houston, Emily Ruth, Michael, Anna Grace, Jack, Sally, and Katherine-- who will be burdened by debt.   On Monday, I saw the best of America in my birthplace of Charleston.  I was with Boeing CEO David Calhoun as he presented planes full of PPEs  to MUSC President David Cole, showing our appreciation for health  professionals. I thank Doctors Balbir Minhas and Shalini Mittal for my  N95 mask.   This was private business, not government, protecting American  families. All levels of government were present: municipal with Mayor  Keith Summey of North Charleston and Mayor John Tecklenburg of  Charleston, county with council Chairman Elliott Summey, State with  Governor Henry McMaster and Senator Marlon Kimpson, and Federal with  Senator Tim Scott and Congressmen   Joe Cunningham and Ralph Norman.  Republicans and Democrats are working together.    Just 11 weeks ago today, I was at the same airport with President  Donald Trump and 30,000 supporters thanking him for record job  creation.    Mr. Speaker, during this time of  unprecedented crisis of Wuhan Virus, our families, small businesses,  and hospitals need support now to maintain jobs, more than ever.  Unfortunately, the Democrats have ignored any bipartisan effort to  fight with families and jobs. Instead, we have the largest stimulus  package yet, a $3 trillion wish list that partisan House Democrats have  put forward by themselves. This massive, partisan bill has truly shown  that they will let no crisis go to waste.   While millions of Americans are out of work and our families are  attempting to recover, Democrats are mortgaging the future of younger  Americans. Our children and grandchildren will be the ones paying the  bill. Now is the time for Congress to work together to help our  families recover from the coronavirus pandemic, I will be voting ``no''  on this legislation. This bill should never become law.   In conclusion, God Bless our Troops, and we will never forget  September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism.   