 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in America, we are blessed  with the protection of the strongest military in the world, one that  provides not only for the safety of our country but believes in  supporting our allies around the globe. Yet we cannot take our position  as the leader of the free world for granted, for there are nations like  Communist China that are actively building their militaries with a  single goal in mind--to dominate the world stage.   So I thank Chairman Inhofe and my colleagues for working to keep our  military strong so it can defend the freedoms we cherish and stand for  freedom and democracy worldwide.   This year, the National Defense Authorization Act includes my Secure  U.S. Bases Act, which Senator Ernst and I worked on, to reform and  improve foreign military student training programs following the  terrorist attack at NAS Pensacola last year.   New reports show there was a lack of vetting at multiple levels that  led to this tragic attack. This terrorist should never have been  allowed in our country, let alone on an American military base, with  easy access to American military men and women. The Secure U.S. Bases  Act eliminates this unnecessary risk by requiring a thorough vetting  process before a foreign student enters the U.S.; by requiring foreign  students to follow rules established by U.S. base commanders; and by  vastly improving the security of our military installations,  servicemembers, their families, and the surrounding communities.   I served in the U.S. Navy, and I could never have imagined not  feeling safe on base. We must do everything in our power to prevent a  tragedy like that of NAS Pensacola from ever happening again, and the  Secure U.S. Bases Act is an important step.   I am also working on a number of amendments to the National Defense  Authorization Act to protect our Nation.   The first includes my American Security Drone Act, which prohibits  the U.S. Government from purchasing drones manufactured in countries  identified as national security threats, like Iran and China. We know  Communist China steals our technology and intellectual property; yet  the U.S. Government continues to buy with American tax dollars critical  technology, like drones, from Chinese companies that are backed by  their government. No one in America should buy products made in  Communist China, especially not the U.S. Government. We cannot continue  this practice, and my American Security Drone Act is a commonsense  solution to end this threat to our national security.   Second, I am working to protect Florida's gulf coast from offshore  drilling. I have an amendment in the National Defense Authorization Act  that requires the Department of Defense to report on the importance of  the Gulf Test Range, which is used for vital military testing and  training and is critical to our national security. Offshore drilling in  the area would pose a significant risk to the environment and our  military preparedness.   I am also proposing an amendment to extend the moratorium on offshore  drilling for another 10 years and will keep working to protect our  natural resources for generations to come.   A strong defense is key to protecting the freedoms that make America  great. I will never lose sight of one of the most important roles I  have as a U.S. Senator to protect and serve the families of our Nation.   I look forward to working closely with my colleagues to make sure we  are protecting our national security and investing in America's  greatest assets--the men and women of our Armed Forces.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object. I  want to thank my colleague for bringing up this important bill today.  This crisis is unprecedented, and leaders across the Nation have taken  steps to address the virus and the devastation it has caused both to  the health of Americans and to our economy.   The Paycheck Protection Program has helped so many businesses in  Florida and across the Nation to stay afloat during this unimaginable  time. As we continue to reopen our economy and get Americans back to  work, we have to continue looking for ways to help our small businesses  that are hurting, and extending the Paycheck Protection Program is one  way to do that.   My focus has always been on how we get this money to those who truly  need it. We have heard all the stories--stories of big businesses with  thousands of employees that found loopholes to qualify for these loans,  universities with massive endowments accepting these loans, and even  small businesses taking these loans when they haven't seen a downturn  in their revenue.   Under my colleague's proposal, companies that are not being harmed at  all by the coronavirus crisis will have the ability to receive  taxpayer-funded loans that can be forgiven.   This program needs to be reformed so money isn't being taken out of  the hands of those who really need it. I have offered an amendment to  my colleague's bill today that will prohibit businesses that have not  seen a downturn in their revenues to the COVID-19--during the  coronavirus pandemic from being eligible for a Paycheck Protection  Program loan going forward. My amendment would not be retroactive; it  would only apply to those businesses applying for a loan going forward.   It is incumbent on us to create accountability in the Paycheck  Protection Program, and I encourage my colleague to accept this  commonsense amendment to help those businesses hurt by this crisis.   I ask that Senator Cardin modify his request and instead the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 4116, introduced earlier  today, but that my amendment at the desk be agreed to; further, that  the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, first, I want to thank Senator  Cardin for worrying about the businesses. I think the Senator is  absolutely right. I think we all can acknowledge that in the original  bill, it could have been done better. So some of the businesses that  got it shouldn't have probably gotten it in the beginning, and we could  have targeted more for some of the smaller businesses.   I thank Senator Cardin for what he is doing. I am not going to stand  in the way of this. I look forward to working with him to try to make  sure that the money goes to people who actually need it and that it  doesn't go to people who haven't actually had a downturn in their  business.   We don't have unlimited resources up here, as we all know. I just  want to make sure the money is spent well.   So I am not going to stand in the way.   I yield the floor.   