 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  for his leadership on our ability to make sure that any administration,  Republican or Democrat, has the ability for the President to carry out  their duties as Commander in Chief. And that is what is at stake here,  this amendment that we are debating right now that would completely  repeal the 2002 AUMF and not have an honest conversation, a sincere  debate about if there should be any changes to it, modernize, work with  the administration. Again, any Commander in Chief should have the  ability to defend America, to respond to attacks on Americans both here  in America or abroad.   Madam Speaker, as you look at this debate as well as the vote we are  going to be taking shortly on the Iranian language, which would limit  the ability of the President to respond to attacks coming from Iran, it  is another major concern about whether or not we are going to have a  Commander in Chief who can actually defend America.   There are things that are going on right now that we all know are an  underlying part of this debate. Let's start with the taking out of one  of the bloodiest terrorists in the history of this country, Soleimani,  who was just taken out primarily using the authority of the 2002 AUMF,  which would be gutted if this were to pass.   So I don't think most people in this country think it is a debatable  question of a bloody terrorist who killed hundreds of American troops.  This guy had the blood of over 600 U.S. servicemen and -women on his  hands. He was in Iraq plotting to take out more Americans, to kill more  Americans, and he was taken out.   Is it really a question of whether or not that was the right thing to  do? I think most Americans would agree he was a brutal terrorist. And  whether it was Osama bin Laden or al-Baghdadi or  [[Page H733]]  other terrorists who want to kill Americans, our Commander in Chief  ought to have the ability to protect Americans and stop terrorists who  want to kill more Americans. To take away that ability is reckless. It  is destructive to the country.   Again, if you wanted to have an honest debate, Madam Speaker, you  would have seen the committees of jurisdiction have true hearings on  this, bring in people in the administration, talk about what the right  way to approach this is.   That is not what happened. They literally took a coin bill--a coin  bill--and brought it forward with these two amendments so that there  can't be that honest debate on both sides, shutting out the minority's  ability to bring amendments, to have an honest discussion about what  the process should be.   In terms of Iran, just think about what they are doing there. It is  not only Iran. It is Iranian proxies that carry out attacks against  servicemembers of the United States and our allies, and they take that  away, too.   Don't tie the hands of any President of the United States, Republican  or Democrat, from being able to defend this country both here and  abroad. I oppose both amendments and would hope we reject it.   