 Madam President, I want to thank the Senator from Alabama  for his partnership on the SAME Act. I am going to repeat some of the  same arguments he made because I think they are quite compelling.   We are talking about healthcare, which is an issue that is weighing  on too many American families at this point--and not just healthcare  but access to healthcare coverage. I think we would all agree that  regardless of what we feel about this issue, we are in the midst of the  greatest public healthcare crisis in generations. In this unprecedented  time, I think it calls for unprecedented action from Congress.   Today, in a couple of moments, I am going to ask that this Senate  take up and unanimously pass legislation I introduced along with  Senator Jones from Alabama and several of my colleagues--legislation  that could provide access to quality and affordable healthcare coverage  for millions of Americans. To be clear, the SAME Act is the bill I have  been pushing for more than 3 years. This bill was a good idea before  the pandemic, but the need for it has become even greater in light of  the COVID-19 outbreak.   The SAME Act would ensure that States like Virginia--and we did pass  Medicaid expansion, but we passed it later than other States--that  States that have expanded their Medicaid Program to serve more  Americans can get their fair share of Federal matching dollars.   It would also incentivize additional States--like the State of  Alabama which hasn't yet expanded Medicaid--to expand this critical  program to millions of more Americans. I can think of no better time to  pass this legislation than right now, when more than 5 million  Americans find themselves having lost their healthcare coverage in the  last 3 months alone.   In fact, some reports actually estimate that nearly 27 million  Americans have lost their employer-sponsored health insurance and are  now in jeopardy of becoming uninsured.   Our legislation would provide much needed financial support to States  that are seeing an increase in Medicaid enrollment as folks face the  fallout of this crisis. For those millions of people, the SAME Act  would provide a significant lifeline. Estimates show that if every  State were to expand its Medicaid Program, about 3 million additional  Americans would have healthcare coverage.   I don't believe this is a political argument nor a philosophical  exercise. This legislation has a real-world impact, and it is clear  that Americans want and need this legislation to pass.   As my colleague just mentioned, there are a number of States--Red  States and Blue States--which have taken advantage of this opportunity,  including, just recently, Oklahoma. A few weeks ago, Oklahomans went to  the polls and voted to expand their Medicaid Program to provide broader  access to coverage. We have seen similar actions from citizens in Utah,  Maine, Idaho, and others. Across our Nation, Americans are making it  clear that they want expanded access to healthcare coverage, and I  believe Congress needs to listen.   With all due respect to my Republican colleagues, you can't say you  want to help Americans in this devastating time and simultaneously  oppose this bill, which would actually provide that help.   As we stand here in this Chamber, we have the privilege of knowing  that we and our families have access to the healthcare coverage we need  so that, if something were to go wrong, we would be covered. So why  shouldn't we ensure the same access for more Americans? The median cost  of a hospitalization due to COVID-19 is $14,000. For Americans without  health insurance--the nearly 30 million and growing--that could mean  losing their homes or their cars. For many, it could put them into  bankruptcy.   Now, I know that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to  do right by their constituents and the millions of other Americans who  need help. So I ask us to come together today to support the SAME Act.  No one should go bankrupt because one  [[Page S4574]]  got sick and sought medical care, but more importantly, no one should  go bankrupt when this legislative body has the opportunity to act.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S.  585, the States Achieve Medicaid Expansion Act; that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Madam President, in reserving the right to object, I have  great respect for my friend, the Senator from Florida. I know he has a  long and deep background in healthcare, but I have some news. The  Affordable Care Act already provides strong protections for millions of  Americans with preexisting conditions.   I believe, unfortunately, the legislation my colleague is proposing  would allow insurance companies to, once again, impose arbitrary annual  and lifetime cap limits on care, and it would allow insurance companies  to refuse to cover essential health benefits, like mental health  coverage, substance use disorder, or maternity care.   I don't believe we can go back to the days when a certain number of  companies held all the power and consumers were routinely denied access  to healthcare. I do believe the SAME Act--again, sponsored by my good  friend, the Senator from Alabama--would simply continue to extend the  right to have the same level of Federal subsidies for all States. We  are seeing voters across the country, as they have a chance to weigh in  on this, agree to this principle, which is that those same rights ought  to be extended to States like Alabama, which has chosen not to move  forward, and to States like Virginia, which has moved forward but a  little bit late. I still strongly believe that the SAME Act, which  would equalize and level the playing field, is the appropriate action.   Respectfully, I object to the unanimous consent request of the  Senator from Florida to pass this bill.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   