 Madam President, I thank the Senator from Wyoming for his  comments. I come here today to express some very similar ones.   I come here today at a sad time--a sad time for Americans and  especially a sad time for Montanans. You see, at the end of January, we  lost three great Americans who paid the ultimate price for risking  their lives for our allies down under. Those three great Americans are  Flight Engineer Rick DeMorgan, First Officer Paul Clyde Hudson, and  Captain Ian McBeth, who is a Montanan. They all lost their lives when  their plane went down fighting a devastating bush fire in Australia.   Captain McBeth lived in Great Falls, MT. He was a dedicated pilot and  servicemember. He was a member of both the Montana and the Wyoming Air  National Guards and he completed several combat deployments, including  tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.   Captain McBeth was one of the best pilots Montana had to offer. It  was as if he was born to fly C-130s. But even more, he was born to be a  caring father, husband, brother, and son to the incredible family he  has left behind. At 44 years of age, he was taken from them far too  young.   Captain McBeth was devoted to his family, leaving behind his wife,  Bowdie; his kids, Abigail, Calvin, and Ella; and his parents and  siblings, whose hearts have to be aching right now.   My wife Sharla and I are keeping them in our prayers and in our  hearts through this trying time.   Captain McBeth heard the call to serve this country and did so  honorably, taking that call to duty even further to help the folks in  need on the other side of the world to fight wildfires.   Now, Montanans are no stranger to the risks that come from fighting  wildfires, but that doesn't make it any easier when we lose one of our  own. Captain McBeth and so many other Montanans who bravely run into  danger when others run out--these are our heroes, plain and simple. We  owe a debt of gratitude to Captain McBeth that can never be repaid.  Montana has lost one of its finest, and he will be missed.   I yield the floor.   