 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I join my colleague, Mr. Aguilar, and I thank him and Mr. Davis for  bringing this to the floor.   Madam Speaker, I echo but I will not repeat all the words of the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hurd), who has been a real leader in this  House. I thank him for his remarks and his acknowledgment of the  importance of the Latina and Latino population to our country and the  contributions they have made.   Madam Speaker, I want to rise and thank Representative Serrano and  the Congressional Hispanic Caucus for leading this effort.   As the Speaker knows, Mr. Serrano is one of my closest friends. The  dean of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus has been one of the most  effective and hardworking Members of this House, and he will be missed  next year when he retires after 30 years representing New Yorkers. He  has been and will continue to be a dear, dear friend.   This is also a very meaningful day for all the members of the  Hispanic Caucus, including our colleague and friend, Representative  Lucille Roybal-Allard, whose father, Ed Roybal, was a dear friend of  mine and on whose committee I served, and who was the founder of the  caucus, with others. It started with five members in 1976. Today, it  has 38 members.   I am proud to join Representative Serrano and the Congressional  Hispanic Caucus on this bill and bring it to the floor today.   For more than 500 years, half a millennium, Latinos have been a part  of our American story. Through medicine, education, innovation, public  service, the military, athletics, and the arts,  [[Page H3870]]  Latinos and Latinas have strengthened our economy, enriched our  heritage, and have made America a safer and more prosperous Nation.   The story of America is incomplete without the story of the American  Latino.   That is why a national museum of the American Latino is so critical  and appropriate. I know that it will be a wonderful addition to the  Smithsonian Institution and our National Mall.   At a time, Madam Speaker, when many people, including in our  government at the highest levels, denigrate, discriminate, and target  Latinos, we need this museum to recognize the service and the  extraordinary assets that the Latino community has brought to America.   I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in  supporting this bill, as I believe they will.   I look forward to the day when we can walk through the doors of the  Smithsonian's newest museum and experience the full richness and  diversity of Latino cultures and how they have helped to make America  great.   