 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to my colleague, Congressman Doug Lamborn.  He is so faithful every year to organize this Special Order series. And  this year, we recognize, as has been mentioned, the 79th anniversary of  National Bible Week.   Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to stand with all my Members and friends  today to share our perspectives on why the Bible is so important to us  and to our country. I am often reminded, I think about and reflect  upon, and we quote all the time, the Founders. George Washington, who  was the father of our country, and he famously said, ``Of all the  disposition and habits which lead to political prosperity, religion and  morality are indispensable supports.'' They were the foundation of the  very Republic.   And John Adams is our second President. He comes next. He says, ``Our  Constitution is made only for a moral and religious people. It is  wholly inadequate to the government of any other.''   What he meant was that this is essential to who we are as Americans.  Even more fundamental than that, who we are as human beings.   And it was one of my favorite Presidents, Ronald Reagan, who said  that, ``If we ever forget that we are one Nation under God, we will be  a Nation gone under.''   Mr. Speaker, in the very short time I have, I would share one brief  paragraph, a preface to a historic text that I have in my collection.  Some of the guys have this as well. But this is a copy of a New  Testament Bible study that was approved by and published for the public  schools of Dallas, Texas, by its Board of Education in September of  1946.   The preface was written by a gentleman by the name of Henry van Dyke.  And it is a wonderful summary of what the Bible means to us and to the  world. I will read that into the Record.   ``Born in the East and clothed in Oriental form and imagery, the  Bible walks the ways of the world with familiar feet and enters land  after land to find its own everywhere.   ``It has learned to speak in hundreds of languages to the hearts of  men. It comes into the palace to tell the monarch that he is a servant  of the Most High, and into the cottage to assure the peasant that he is  a son of God.   ``Children listen to its stories with wonder and delight, and wise  men ponder them as parables of life. It has a word of peace for the  time of peril, a word of comfort for the time of calamity, a word of  light for the hour of darkness. Its oracles are repeated in the  assembly of the people, and its counsels whispered in the ear of the  lonely.   ``The wicked and the proud tremble at its warnings, but to the  wounded and the penitent, it has a mother's voice. The wilderness and  the solitary place have been made glad by it, and the fire on the  hearth has lit the reading of its well-worn page.   ``It has woven itself into our dearest dreams; so that love,  friendship, sympathy and devotion, memory and hope, put on the  beautiful garments of its treasured speech, breathing of frankincense  and myrrh. No man is poor or desolate who has this treasure for his  own.   ``When the landscape darkens and the trembling pilgrim comes to the  Valley named of the shadow, he is not afraid to enter; he takes the rod  and staff of Scripture in his hand; he says to friend and comrade;  `Goodbye, we shall meet again.' And comforted by that support, he goes  toward the lonely pass as one who walks through darkness and into  light.''   Mr. Speaker, that is a pretty good summary about what the Bible means  to us. I am delighted to honor National Bible Week and to stand with my  friends here.   