 Mr. Speaker, today's vote is a welcome sign to the  hundreds of thousands of Oregonians I represent who are worried about  staying healthy, keeping their job, and paying their bills. This  legislation is by no means perfect, nor does it do nearly enough to  stop the spread of COVID-19, but it is immeasurably better than the  Senate's initial bill. I strongly support this legislation today, but  it is critical that we start working immediately on the next bill to  speed the recovery of our economy and strengthen the healthcare system.  Americans need a coordinated, whole-of-government response to provide  healthcare and economic security during the coronavirus pandemic.   The Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act of 2020  includes many of the provisions that I advocated for in my Economic  Stabilization Plan. First, the bill includes direct cash assistance of  $1,200 per individual and $2,400 for married couples. The bill also  includes a temporary expansion of Unemployment Insurance so that  workers affected by COVID-19 and eligible for unemployment  compensation--including non-traditional employment like the self- employed and gig workers--receive an extra $600 per week, resulting in  weekly benefits that replace 100 percent of wages for the average  worker.   For local businesses, the bill provides nearly $350 billion in  forgivable loans and grants to small businesses and non-profits so they  can continue to pay their employees and cover other expenses during  this crisis, like rent, mortgage payments, or utilities. Small  businesses also will have access to emergency grants of up to $10,000  to provide immediate relief for operating costs once a small business  or non-profit has applied for an Economic Injury Disaster Loan.  Finally, this legislation creates a new employee retention tax credit  for employers to encourage businesses to keep workers on payroll during  the crisis.   Importantly, House and Senate Democrats fixed a glaring flaw in the  Republican bill by adding important restrictions on the federal loan  assistance for larger businesses, including a prohibition on excessive  executive compensation and stock buybacks and a requirement that the  businesses keep workers employed. We also set up an independent  Inspector General and Congressional Oversight Panel to closely monitor  this program, a marked improvement to the no-strings attached bailout  we saw in 2008. While I still have strong concerns about how the Trump  administration will administer this program, I am committed to closely  monitoring the program and working with my colleagues to add even more  restrictions in future legislation.   This crisis is of course a health crisis, and this bill includes  hundreds of billions of dollars in funding to support America's  healthcare system. In particular, the bill creates a $100 billion fund  for hospitals and providers hit hardest by the outbreak. These funds  can be used to purchase personal protective equipment for health  workers, testing supplies, additional equipment to deal with a surge of  severely ill patients, and other necessities that hospitals desperately  need. The CARES Act of 2020 also provides funding for our public health  infrastructure, like community health centers, which are critical to  our COVID-19 response.   I am also pleased that this legislation protects the integrity of our  elections during this pandemic by providing resources to states to  increase election accessibility, which could include voting by mail. I  am working with Speaker Pelosi and Chairperson Lofgren to expand upon  this language in the next coronavirus legislation to guarantee that  every American can do what we do already in Oregon--vote by mail.   I also commend the important safeguards we have put in place so that  no new money intended to help keep our country safe is diverted to  building a wall on the southern border or used to further separate  immigrant families.   While this legislation provides more resources for healthcare workers  and temporarily stabilizes parts of the economy, it is only one step  Congress must take. I urge my colleagues to join me in working on the  next phase of our legislative response. Any future package must have  more resources for healthcare workers to effectively stop the spread of  COVID-19, additional funding for long-term economic certainty for  workers and families, and actions to permanently strengthen the social  safety net. We must do more to provide for safe and secure elections  and must also address the climate crisis head on.   I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues and the  people I represent to build on this legislation to do more of what is  needed.   