 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this usurpation of  the rights and responsibilities of the members of Congress. And I  emphasize the responsibilities of every member of Congress to do the  job they were elected to do. I agree with my colleague from Arkansas  Mr. Westerman. If you are not able to do the job you should consider  stepping aside and letting someone else do the job. No one in this  House is indispensable . . . no one.   One of my Democrat colleagues referred to this resolution as our  rule, there is not one Republican in support of this resolution . . .  it is your rule, not our rule.   I have heard multiple citations of history. Here is one I would like  to cite. Caesar Rodney was one of the three delegates from Delaware to  the Continental Congress. Despite suffering from facial cancer and  asthma, Rodney rode 80 miles through a severe storm to cast his vote  for Independence. He did not ask one of his Delaware colleagues to be  his proxy. Despite his condition, he rode all night to cast his vote.   I stand in the spirit of Rodney Caesar and all others before us who  valued upholding their responsibilities above their own self-interest  and well-being, to call on all members of good faith who value this  institution to vote `No' on this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill because it constitutes a  threat to our national security.   On March 26, the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis reported that our  debt-to-GDP was already at 106.8 percent. Since that time, Congress  added over $2 trillion.   If this $3 trillion left-wing dream-come-true bill were to become  law, it would likely move our debt-to-GDP at close to 120 percent by  the end of this fiscal year. Debt levels of this magnitude are not  sustainable. Debt levels of this magnitude will be a threat to Social  Security and Medicare. Debt levels of this magnitude will reduce  household income. And debt levels of this magnitude threaten our  national security.   Once upon a time, there was bipartisan agreement about this. Former  Secretaries of Defense across multiple administrations all warned that  our debt will compromise our national security capabilities. It is  foolhardy to ignore these warnings that the single biggest threat to  our national security is our national debt.   America has enemies, and despite all the allusions of some, China is  foremost among them. If this bill were to become law, it would  undermine our ability to maintain our military superiority over China.    Mr. Speaker, if this bill were to become law, it would  undermine our ability to maintain our military superiority over China.   In that regard, if Xi Jinping had a vote in this Chamber, he would be  an enthusiastic ``yes.'' Thank God he does not. But we do. I urge a  ``no'' vote on this bill.   