 Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member of  the House Administration Committee, I want all of my colleagues to make  sure that before we leave this floor today, after, hopefully, passing  this piece of legislation, that we thank every staff member who works  for the House, who makes sure that this House is clean, and who makes  sure that this House operates. They are here sitting there in the well,  and they are here in our hallways. They are doing the jobs that allow  us to do our job.   On behalf of everyone here, I thank them for what they do every  single day. It is important.   The first vote that I took on this House floor--one of the first--was  for Superstorm Sandy relief. My good friend, Mr. Van Drew, sitting next  to me here, I am sure had more of a frontline view as a State senator  in New Jersey at the time as to what kind of impact that disaster  assistance had on the ground to those Americans who were hurting.   I went back and took criticism from many in the media and some in my  own party, and I said one thing. I said: If there is one job that we as  Congress should do and do well, it is to help Americans recover from a  disaster that they didn't ask for.   We are in the midst of the worst economic disaster that we have seen  in my lifetime. Mr. Speaker, 3\1/2\ weeks ago, we were in an economy  with economic growth and historic low sustained unemployment that we  all promised the American people we would deliver together. In less  than 3\1/2\ weeks, this economic disaster has hit many industries.   I can say, as I flew out this morning from St. Louis to Ronald Reagan  Washington National Airport, there were two Members of Congress on the  plane out of the total of four passengers. If you don't think that  industry is on the brink of collapse, I urge you to use it right now,  and you will see.   But it is our Main Street businesses and our Main Street companies  that line the streets of every rural community that I represent and  line the streets of this great country that are hurting the most. It is  their economic disaster. They are being told that they are not able to  operate.   We need to do better. We need to pass this bill and give them the  revenue, the opportunity, and the cash flow to get through this so we  can get through this as Americans.   Students: You get a chance to defer your loan payments. What is great  is, when these businesses recover, they now have the opportunity to  tax-free help you pay your student debt.   This is what happens when we work together, and these are the things  that will happen when we pass this bill. It is not about social media  today. It is about helping the American people. Let's do it.   