 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of two  amendments to H.R. 4447, the Clean Energy Jobs and Innovation Act. I am  honored to represent Virginia's 3rd Congressional District, which is on  the front lines of sea-level rise. Recognizing the urgent action needed  to mitigate the worst of the climate crisis, I am pleased that this  bill includes support for climate-informed building codes to improve  energy efficiency as well as resilience, issues on which Norfolk,  Virginia is leading the way. My district is also home to the Port of  Virginia and other facilities--as well as workers--that played a  critical role in installing the first offshore wind turbines in federal  waters this summer. On and offshore, wind energy presents an incredible  opportunity to generate clean, renewable energy, and to create good,  green, family-sustaining jobs in Hampton Roads and across the country.   I was pleased to submit an amendment encouraging the use of modeling  and simulation technologies in wind energy, along with Representative  Stephanie Murphy. As co-chairs of the Congressional Modeling and  Simulation Caucus, we submitted this amendment to support the  development and deployment of modeling and simulation tools to aid in  rapidly transitioning our economy away from fossil fuels. Modeling and  simulation have been very thoughtfully incorporated into many aspects  of this bill--ensuring technologies are effectively deployed, risks to  our electric grid are understood, and community resilience is enhanced.  Modeling and simulation technologies also have incredible potential to  contribute to every step of wind energy generation: the design and  siting of turbines, wind power forecasting, construction of turbines,  and even projecting the need for turbine maintenance and repair. I urge  my colleagues to support this amendment to increase our understanding  of each of these areas.   I also rise in support of my amendment which would support research  into rethinking, reducing, and reusing critical materials in wind  energy. The widespread deployment of current wind energy technology  requires aluminum and rare-earth elements. The increasing demand for  these elements and issues within their supply chains is a concern for  all of us concerned about the environment, human rights, and our clean  energy future to action. For years, the Department of Energy has  acknowledged that ``supply challenges'' for certain rare earth metals  could negatively affect clean energy technology development. The United  States is currently largely dependent on other nations, especially  China, for rare earth minerals. These minerals may not be quite as  finite as their name implies; however, they are generally difficult to  mine and require extensive processing. In some places, the industry  lacks protections for workers and the environment, jeopardizing  communities' drinking water and soil. We can alleviate these concerns  by investing in research to rethink turbine design, reduce the use of  such materials, and reuse products which are no longer need.    Wind energy prices have fallen significantly fallen in the past  decade. The levelized cost, which does not account for federal tax  credits, decreased from about $90 per megawatt-hour to $30 per  megawatt-hour last year. This is an exciting and encouraging trend for  consumers, our climate, and communities, like Hampton Roads, that are  both threatened by climate change and poised to create good green wind  energy jobs. This amendment would facilitate research on the reuse of  such materials and the design of turbines that require less of these  materials, ensuring that this trend towards more affordable wind energy  continues. In addition to creating jobs here in the United States,  supporting the future of wind energy ensures that Americans will have  increasing access to energy that is clean, renewable, reliable, and  affordable.   I urge my colleagues to support these amendments.   