 Madam President, I am going to read a statement and then  I am going to go back through the information that I used to make the  decision to be able to write this statement.   Montanans sent me to the U.S. Senate to hold government accountable.  I fought to allow this trial to include documents and testimony from  witnesses with firsthand knowledge of the allegations against the  President, regardless of whether they were incriminating or  exculpatory, so that the Senate could make its decision based on the  best information available.   Unfortunately, my Republican colleagues and the administration  blocked this information, robbing the American people of their  legitimate right to hold their elected officials accountable.   Based on the evidence that was available to me during this trial, I  believe President Trump abused his power by withholding military aid  from an ally for personal political gain, and that he obstructed  legitimate oversight by a coequal branch of government.   It is a sad day for this country and for all Americans who believe  that no one--not even the President of the United States--is above the  law.   So how did I get to this point? Well, just a little over 2 weeks ago,  we came into this Chamber and we started hearing testimony. That  testimony resulted in these two notebooks full of notes, because, quite  frankly, the House managers laid out a compelling case. The defense  made their arguments, but the case of the House was incredibly  compelling.   An impeachment is a solemn time. It is not something we should be  taking without the deepest and most serious consideration. I compare it  to a vote to send our people to war. But in this particular case, there  was very little transparency, and none, if the President would have had  it his way, of information coming to this body during this trial. This,  in fact, is the shortest impeachment trial of a President ever. If we  are going to have information to make good decisions--and I always said  if you have good information, you can make good decisions--then, the  President really needed to open up and cooperate just a little bit.   This is the first time ever that we had a trial with no witnesses and  no documents--a trial in the Senate with no information from the  executive branch. And I get it. I get ``executive privilege,'' and I  think there are times when executive privilege has to be used because  the information is sensitive.  [[Page S841]]    But I have to tell you that the Williams letter is a prime example. I  went down to the SCIF. I read it. I have to tell you something. If  there is something in there that needs to be classified, you have me.  The information in that letter was information that I knew before I  went in the SCIF. It is the same with many of the emails--if not all of  the emails--that the President has requested to be classified and kept  away from this body and kept away from the press.   That is not the way this democracy should work. It should be open. If  things are done, the people should be allowed to know.   There are moments in time when documents have to be classified on  sensitive information, but I am here to tell you I have seen none of  that. I think many of the FOIA requests that have been brought forth  show heavily redacted email messages, and then when we find out what  was really in them, there was no need for that redaction.   So when it comes to the obstruction of Congress, the article II  impeachment, I don't think there is any doubt that the President  obstructed our ability--the Senate of the United States--to do its job  as a coequal branch to make sure that the executive branch is being  honest and forthright.   Let's talk about the abuse of power. There is a lot of information  that was brought forth during this trial about what the President did.  It has been stated many times on this floor over the last nearly 3  weeks. The fact of the matter is, there is little doubt that the  President withheld the aid to an ally for the purpose of creating a  position where they had to do an investigation if they were going to  get that money, or at least announce that investigation on a U.S.  citizen who happened to be a political foe, to corrupt our next  election.   There is no doubt about that. Many of the folks who are not going to  vote for impeachment have already said that the President has  wrongdoing, but it is not an impeachable offense. And I am here to tell  you, if anybody in this country--especially the President of the United  States--corrupts an election and that is not an impeachable offense for  the President of the United States, I don't know what is. Fair  elections are a foundational issue for this country, and to corrupt our  elections is something that we need to hold people accountable for if  they have done it. And I will tell you that the prosecution proved that  point beyond a shadow of a doubt.   I would also say that if you take a look at the episodes that  happened before we got to this point that have actually nothing to do  with the impeachment, but it does have something to do with the point  that the defense said about folks having been calling for impeachment  since this President got in office, I offer you this: Freedom of speech  is something that is very important to this country. And I can tell you  that when the President first got into office and he got in a fight  with the Prime Minister of Australia and the Prime Minister of Sweden  and got in a fight with the Prime Minister of the best friend the  United States has, Canada, I was critical of the President. When the  President pushed back on NATO and embraced every dictator in the world,  from Putin, to Erdogan, to Xi, to Kim Jong Un, yes, I was critical of  the President. When the President pulled troops out of northern Syria  and left our allies the Kurds on the field alone, I was critical of the  President. When the President did his trade wars that put American  family farmers and Main Street businesses at risk of closure, I was  critical of the President. And we should be. That had nothing to do  with the impeachment, but it absolutely has everything to do with your  freedom of speech.   Today--tomorrow, I should say--we are going to vote on whether to  convict or acquit the President on taking taxpayer dollars and  withholding them from an ally that is at war with an adversary for his  own personal and political good, and we are going to vote on whether to  convict a President of withholding information from the entire  executive branch. And the only ones who testified were those patriotic  Americans who defied his order. We are going to vote whether he  obstructed Congress. This is a no-brainer. He absolutely, unequivocally  is guilty of both article I and article II of the impeachment.   So the question is this: If it goes as predicted tomorrow and the  President gets acquitted, where do we go from here? I am very concerned  about where we go from here because the next President will use this  precedent to not give any information to a coequal branch of government  when we question them. The next President will use this as, geez, if it  is good for me and my election, it is good for the country, as  Dershowitz said. So, Katy, bar the door.   As Chairman Schiff said yesterday, if you think this President is  going to stop doing these actions, you are living on a different planet  than I am living on. This will empower him to do anything he wants.   At some point in time--if we want to listen to what the Framers  said--at some point in time, we are going to have to do our  constitutional duty. It doesn't appear we are going to do it this time.   I yield the floor.   