 Mr. Speaker, today, January 27, marks International  Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 75th anniversary of the liberation of  Auschwitz-Birkenau.   As the world pauses to remember the greatest tragedy in human  history, we must recommit ourselves to opposing the murderous and  racist ideology of anti-Semitism which led to the genocide and death of  over six million Jews and 11 million political prisoners at the hands  of the Nazi regime.   We must also remember our continuing responsibility to educate the  world about the horrible truth of the Nazi atrocities and ensure the  lives of those who were brutally murdered are never forgotten.   My fellow Kansan, General Dwight Eisenhower, who, at the time was the  Supreme Commander of Allied Forces in Europe, understood this  responsibility. Upon receiving news of the concentration camps, he  quickly visited for himself, stating: ``The things I saw beggar  description. While I was touring the camp, I encountered three men who  had been inmates and by one ruse or another had made their escape. I  interviewed them through an interpreter. The visual evidence and the  verbal testimony of starvation, cruelty, and bestiality were so  overpowering as to leave me a bit sick. In one room, where they were  piled up 20 or 30 naked men, killed by starvation, George Patton would  not even enter. He said he would get sick if he did so. I made the  visit deliberately, in order to be in position to give firsthand  evidence of these things if ever, in the future, there develops a  tendency to charge these allegations merely to `propaganda'.''   After his visit, General Eisenhower ordered the concentration camps  to be visited by thousands of soldiers stationed off the front lines,  as well as hundreds of German civilians, journalists, Allied forces,  and Members of Congress, to ensure the truth reached the public.   By the end of the war, the Nazi regime had succeeded in murdering  one-third of the Jewish people in Europe. Its capacity to perpetrate  absolute evil and hatred was on a scale never before seen.   Today, this hatred continues to manifest itself in different contexts  and ideologies. Just in the past year, we have witnessed violent  attacks and the murder of Jews at synagogues and other Jewish  institutions.   Increasingly, we have watched as Members of Congress have promoted  anti-Semitic slurs, stereotypes, and tropes, spreading lies about Jews  controlling Congress in the media. It is the responsibility of every  American to speak out against the hatred of these anti-Semites and  educate others on the evil such hatred can bring.   While the Nazi's ``Final Solution'' is unlikely to ever return in the  form of concentration camps, in the words of Auschwitz survivor, Primo  Levi: ``It happened. Therefore, it can happen again.''   Every American across our great country would be wise to carry the  same responsibility passed along by Eisenhower: To remember those who  perished in the hellish nightmare of the Holocaust, to teach others  their stories, and to ensure it never happens again.    