 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the  amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 535, the  PFAS Action Act, and my amendment to the bill, which gives  manufacturers an opportunity to be transparent with consumers and make  clear that their products are indeed free of PFAS.   PFAS chemicals are found in coatings that line products like nonstick  pots and pans, waterproof clothing, and grease-resistant and fast-food  containers, items that we use every day and rarely think about. We are  now well aware of the devastating harm that these chemicals can cause,  like growth and learning delays in infants and children, an increased  risk of birth defects, weakened immune systems, decreased fertility,  and an increased risk of cancer.   Each year, billions of pounds of these products are dumped into  landfills or burned in incinerators, releasing PFAS pollutants into the  air, water, and soil, contaminating the food we eat and the water we  drink. In my district in New Jersey, there are over 133 contaminated  sites, more than 30 of which are schools.   Right now, consumers have no way of knowing for sure whether products  like  [[Page H156]]  the water-resistant spray that we put on our shoes and jackets or the  stain-resistant sprays we put on our furniture, rugs, and carpets are  or are not contaminated with PFAS coatings that can harm our health.   My amendment would alleviate this problem. It will add stain-, water- , and grease-resistant coatings to the list of products eligible for a  voluntary label indicating the absence of PFAS, which will allow  consumers to make safer and more informed decisions about the products  that we purchase.   We must start holding polluting companies accountable for the  chemicals that they are putting into the products that we bring to our  homes and give to our children, but we should also be giving companies  that do the right thing and that protect consumers a way to be  recognized and a way to be rewarded for responsible behavior.   Mr. Chairman, I look forward to voting for this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Once again, this is simply about greater  transparency. It is about giving consumers choice. It is about American  companies that have done the right thing that are facing competition  often from abroad, often from companies that have not done the right  thing, giving them a chance to put a credible label on their products  that says: This is safe. This is PFAS-free.   Mr. Chairman, this is a commonsense amendment. I hope that everybody  accepts it, and I yield back the balance of my time.   