 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the Republic  of Korea on this June 25, the 70th anniversary of the start of the  Korean war.   The Republic of Korea is a longtime ally and partner that resides in  one of the most prosperous and one of the  [[Page S3295]]  most dangerous parts of the world. When most of us hear about Korea, we  instinctively focus on the threat emanating from the bizarre failed  state in the north, and we often forget about the incredible successes  and stories of success in the south that was made possible largely by  the United States-South Korea Alliance.   When I visited the Korean War Memorial in Seoul in July of 2017, I  read the names of Americans and Coloradans that died answering the call  to defend a country they never knew and a people they never met. I  think that, today, we owe it to our fallen soldiers to recognize what  the world has gained from their sacrifice.   On June 25, 1950, Kim Il-sung's army crossed the 38th parallel to  invade South Korea. In response, the United States mobilized the  international community under the U.N. flag and sent hundreds of  thousands of U.S. troops to defend Korea. To this day, thousands of  U.S. soldiers remain unaccounted for. Over 1 million Korean civilians  perished. Most survivors have never seen or spoken with their families  across the border.   The U.S. decision to intervene in that war transformed the future of  Asia. South Korea has blossomed from a war-torn state to an economic  powerhouse, a thriving democracy, and, in recent months, a global  leader in response to a public health crisis.   South Korea boasts the 12th largest economy in the world and has  become a leader in critical future technologies such as  telecommunications, electronics, and semiconductors. They managed to do  this despite having a population of only 50 million people, few natural  resources, and effectively operating as an island restricted to  maritime trade.   South Korea's hard-fought transition from authoritarian governments  to vibrant democracy took time, it took perseverance, and it took grit,  but they did it. It is now a democracy with a highly educated and  active civil society that embraces the rule of law and human rights and  stands in stark contrast to its authoritarian neighbors in North Korea  and China.   As our South Korean ally has grown more prosperous and more capable,  it has also taken on an outsized global responsibility. Since the  Korean war, South Korea has fought alongside the United States in all  four of our major conflicts.   Once a recipient of foreign aid, Seoul is now a worldwide donor of  aid. It has become a critical pillar in upholding the postwar order,  playing a valuable role in the global nonproliferation regime, global  emissions reduction, peacekeeping, cybersecurity, counterterrorism, and  postconflict stabilization.   South Korea has also become a key stakeholder in various  international organizations, including the United Nations, World Trade  Organization, G-20, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and  Development, and the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperative forum, just to  name a few.   The alliance has proven to not only be crucial for U.S. economic and  national security interests but for our health as well. This was most  evident as South Korea led a pivotal response to the COVID-19 pandemic.  I worked closely with our South Korean allies and the Colorado Governor  Jared Polis to obtain hundreds of thousands of COVID-19 testing kits  for Colorado, which will continue to be vital as we get through this  ongoing pandemic.   Weeks ago, President Trump invited President Moon of South Korea to  the upcoming G7 meeting. I fully endorse this decision, and at the  current juncture, I believe it is time to explore new avenues to  broaden cooperation with South Korea on the global stage, including in  global health, the environment, energy security, and emerging  technologies.   South Korea is situated in one of most precarious neighborhoods in  the world. Koreans have historically explained their geography of being  a ``shrimp among whales.'' Indeed, northeast Asia holds a number of  nuclear-capable states, economic mammoths, and the largest standing  armies in the world.   In our alliance, we vow to defend one another from attack, but it  often goes unstated that South Korea bears the frontline burden of this  defense. While North Korea has only recently tested an ICBM capable of  reaching the continental United States, Seoul has been under the threat  of artillery, short-range missiles, an armed invasion for decades. In  the shadow of this threat, South Korea has invested considerably in  defense, over 2.5 percent of its GDP. It also funded over 90 percent of  the costs of Camp Humphreys, what is now the largest overseas U.S.  military base in the world. These are just a few of the ways in which  South Korea remains a model alliance partner.   Against the backdrop of rising tensions in recent weeks, we should  swiftly conclude negotiations on the Special Measures burden-sharing  agreement, which would provide strategic stability on the Korean  Peninsula and strengthen the U.S.-South Korea alliance.   The United States and South Korea maintain a tightly-integrated  combined forces command that is unique to the world. This demonstrates  the immense trust and combined capability between our two militaries.  This unique structure makes credible our ability and commitment to meet  those threats at a moment's notice. It also allows us to stand shoulder  to shoulder as allies and say ``kachi kapshida'' or ``we go together.''   But the alliance faces greater threats today than at any time in the  past. Chinese coercion in the Yellow Sea and the East China Sea, as  well as militarization of the South China Sea, have all increased in  recent years. As China has grown, it has also become more aggressive.  We must come together with regional partners to resist this coercive  behavior.   Only with a concerted voice can we preserve global norms and  international law, and South Korea plays a growing role in upholding  this regional order. Our North Korea policy has for decades failed to  achieve denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. However, the U.S.- South Korea alliance has succeeded in deterring Pyongyang, retaining  regional stability, and maintaining conditions for the growth and  prosperity of every country in the region, except for Pyongyang.   We stand ready to welcome the people of North Korea into the  international community, but this requires Pyongyang to commit to  economic reform, to treat its people with dignity, and to refrain from  menacing others with weapons of mass destruction.   I believe U.S. policy toward North Korea should be straightforward.  Until we achieve the denuclearization of North Korea, the United States  will deploy every economic, diplomatic, and, if necessary, military  tool at our disposal to deter Pyongyang and to protect our allies.   Pyongyang recently exploded the inter-Korean liaison office in  Kaesong and began rolling back its commitments under the April 2018  Panmunjom Declaration. Since February 2019, since that summit in Hanoi,  Pyongyang has rebuffed working-level negotiations with the U.S.   In March of this year, Kim launched a record number of missiles in a  single month and continues to unveil new missile systems that impose  novel threats to our allies South Korea and Japan.   Kim Jong Un is showing that he simply doesn't want diplomatic and  economic engagement on the terms offered by the United States and the  international community but wants only to deepen his country's self- isolation and build his weapons programs.   The United States must respond with our allies. We must consider  restoring military exercises with our partners in Seoul and Tokyo,  enhance missile defense, and remain in close consultation to reassure  our allies of our commitment to defend them from any aggression or  coercion. Kim Jong Un must not underestimate the resolve of the United  States to defend our allies.   The peaceful resolution of the North Korean problem also requires the  international community to finally join together in fully implementing  United Nations sanctions. In this effort, we require greater  cooperation from Beijing. China accounts for 90 percent of North  Korea's trade, including virtually all of North Korea's exports. The  most recent U.N. Panel of Experts report to the North Korean Sanctions  Committee provided clear evidence of illicit ship-to-ship transfers  between North Korean and Chinese ships just off the Chinese coast.  These blatant violations of sanctions must end now.  [[Page S3296]]    In 2016, I led the North Korean Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act,  which passed the Senate by a vote of 96 to 0. The Trump administration  has the opportunity to use these authorities to build maximum leverage  not only with Pyongyang but also with Beijing. If China will not act to  ensure its entities comply with international law, then perhaps  pressure from the U.S. Treasury and the Department of Justice will make  it a priority for Beijing.   I was initially encouraged by the administration's decision in June  of 2017 to sanction the Chinese Bank of Dandong. This conveyed an  unprecedented statement that we were serious about the maximum pressure  campaign, and it got results. However, even as we saw Chinese sanctions  enforcement wane after summits in 2018, the pace of designations and  indictments has slowed tremendously.   The administration, with congressional support, should now make clear  to any entity doing business with North Korea that they will not be  able to do business with the United States or have access to the U.S.  financial system.   Last month, the U.S. Department of Justice charged 28 North Koreans  and 5 Chinese citizens with using a web of more than 250 shell  companies to launder over $2.5 billion in assets through the  international banking system. This is a good sign, but individual  indictments have not effectively deterred further sanctions violations.  We need to pressure Chinese banks that serve as the illicit conduit  between North Korea and the outside world.   As for any prospect of engagement, we must continue to make it clear  to Beijing and Pyongyang that the United States will not negotiate with  Pyongyang at the expense of the security of our allies. Maintaining  robust U.S. alliances in the Asia-Pacific, in fact, should be our No. 1  priority. That is why last Congress I authored and passed the Asia  Reassurance Initiative Act. ARIA outlines a long-term strategic  framework to double down on engagement in the Indo-Pacific, to protect  U.S. interests, and to uphold the post-war order that has benefited the  United States, its allies, and much of the world over the past 70  years.   Maintaining peace and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula and  throughout the Indo-Pacific is an effort that can no longer be and  never could be accomplished without our allies, without our friends.  That is what makes America so strong.   Today I hope my colleagues in the Chamber will aid me in passing this  resolution commemorating those Koreans and Americans who fell in  defense of freedom on the Korean Peninsula 70 years ago. There is no  greater way to honor their sacrifice than to look back on all that our  two peoples have accomplished over the past 70 years and to continue to  nurture the steadfast alliance between the United States and South  Korea. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the vote  scheduled for 1:30 p.m. begin now.   