 Would my colleague yield for a question?    Thank you.   You know that the process we are in right now is based on clear  precedent.   I have scoured American history to find the precedent of conducting a  debate and vote on a Supreme Court nominee during an election, and I  haven't found it. So I just wanted to check in on, essentially, what am  I missing? Where is there a precedent for conducting this debate and  this vote during an election?    So thank you to my colleague. I think what you are  confirming is that never in American history have we conducted such a  debate and voted during an election. You have a different precedent  argument but not a precedent that shows that conducting this debate  during an election is appropriate.    I thank my colleague, because, 4 years ago, I was on  this floor, and I know you weren't here in the Chamber, and I listened  to so many Members of the Senate say that they were establishing a new  precedent--a precedent they felt was a precedent born of deep  conviction, passionate conviction, that there should never be a debate  and a vote during an election year, not just during the election. We  are already in the process of casting ballots, but never in an election  year.   So that also is a precedent set 4 years ago that this is overturning;  is that not correct?    To my colleague from Georgia, do you have additional  remarks to make?    Thank you very much.   To my colleague from Wyoming, would you yield for a question?    Let the record note that my colleague--    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Georgia for  yielding to a question. It was not that  [[Page S6369]]  long ago that we actually had conversations and debate on the floor of  the Senate, and now when we are even in debate on bills, we don't have  dialogue back and forth. So I appreciate the Senator attempting to  answer my question about precedent.   Let's be clear. This is a precedent-shattering event. This is not  consistent with the history of the United States.   In fact, we have seen a situation where never in our history has any  President asked for a debate and vote during an election. So that  shatters a precedent. Never before in our history have we had a  majority leader agree to hold a debate and a vote during an election.  So that shatters a precedent.   Then there is the President Lincoln precedent in which he  deliberately said: We are not going to violate the sanctity of a vote.  I don't want you to debate and vote during an election.   Now, Lincoln happened to be a Republican President, but he cared  about the institution. He cared about the Constitution. He cared about  the voice of the American people, and so he said the two shouldn't  exist together.   Then, of course, there is the McConnell precedent from 4 years ago,  in which McConnell came to the floor and was supported by his caucus  and said there should never ever be a debate or a vote of a nominee  during an election year.   Now, my colleague from Wyoming just noted, well, he has a new theory  about split government and unified government. Well, that theory wasn't  here on the floor 4 years ago. That wasn't part of the McConnell  precedent. That is called an after-the-fact justification of an  inconsistent position.   In fact, so many colleagues across the aisle came to the floor and  said: I have this deep and passionate conviction that I want to defend  the Constitution. There should never be a debate on a Supreme Court  Justice during an election year. And now every single one of them  coming before us is saying: Well, you know that deep passionate  conviction I had 4 years ago? It was a convenience of political power  to make that argument because what I was really saying is, we, as  Republicans, don't want to debate a nominee from a Democratic  President. We only want to debate a nominee from a Republican  President.   Well, I am shocked really by the complete lack of integrity. I am  shocked that arguments are being put forward that were never raised on  the floor 4 years ago about split government as some justification. I  guess I am not so shocked about the power grab involved because it  began some 40 years ago when a group of very wealthy, very White people  got together and said: We don't like this vision of government of, by,  and for the people, because, you know, the people kind of like things  we don't want. We want to rig the tax system so we pay very little. We  want to get those tax deductions and those tax subsidies. We want to  make sure that people of communities of color don't vote. We want to be  able to suppress the vote. How do we do that?   Well, you know, the problem is that people who are elected get  elected by the people, and we might be able to influence those  campaigns some of the time, but, you know what? There is one  institution not subject to the vote of the people--the Court. If we can  corrupt the Court, we, this very small group of White, wealthy power  brokers in America can control this country and install government by  and for the powerful, rather than our constitutional vision of  government by and for the people. So this is a norm-shattering,  precedent-shattering situation.   There have only been two real objectives by the leadership of this  body over the last 4 years. One was a $2 trillion tax cut--$2 trillion  with a ``t''--with virtually all the benefits going to the richest  Americans. You know, if a thief grabs an orange off a stand, they might  go to prison for 6 months or a loaf of bread, maybe they will get a  couple years. But through this bill, $2 trillion from the American  Treasury was given to the richest, most powerful Americans. Well, that  is certainly not government by and for the people. That was one  objective.   The other objective was to dismantle healthcare for ordinary  Americans who aren't rich and powerful. Let's tear down the ACA. Well,  in my State, 400,000 Oregonians proceeded to gain healthcare through  the expansion of Medicaid and the ACA, and since March, add another  120,000 to that list--120,000 more. Why? Because they are losing their  jobs. They are losing their jobs in this economic implosion caused by  the failure to address the pandemic.   The people in Oregon--I go to every county every year. I have a  townhall in every county, and most of my counties are deep red--as red  as anywhere you will find in the country.   And do you know what? People say: Healthcare bill of rights, thank  God for that. What are they talking about? Children can be on their  policy until age 26. They think that is a step forward. I know because  I have been out there every year, and I ask them: Children on your  policy until age 26, how many people here like it? These are very, very  Republican and very, very conservative rural areas. No, we like that.   Tax credits so lower income families can afford to buy health  insurance on the marketplace? Oh, no, we like that.   Having a marketplace where you can compare policies, one to the  other? Oh, no, no, we like that.   Having preventive conditions covered because an ounce of prevention  is worth a pound of cure? Oh, yes, we think that is a step forward.  That is in these conservative, red districts.   And the expansion of Medicaid? A lifesaver.   Do you know what happens at these rural townhalls? People who are at  the local healthcare clinics stand up and say: You know, we doubled the  size of our healthcare clinic because now our very low-income  constituents can pay the bill, so we have been able to hire more  people. We have a substance addiction program now that we didn't have  before. We have a mental health program we didn't have before. Don't  take that away from us. We really love our rural healthcare clinic. We  love the investment in rural clinics that the ACA made. That list goes  on and on.   My colleague from Wyoming said that there is this whole scare tactic  about healthcare. Yes, people are scared, not because we are saying  they are scared but because they are calling our offices and saying: We  are worried.   They are saying they are worried because they heard the President of  the United States say: I am only going to nominate a person who will  tear down the ACA and will strike down Roe v. Wade. Don't you trust the  word of the President of the United States to do what he said? He said  it repeatedly. He said that was his goal.   And he said to the Federalist Society: Go get me nominees who can  complete my goals. The Federalist Society has been at work now for four  decades to bias the courts for the wealthy and powerful. That is what  they are all about. It is about preventing people of color from voting.  Now it has expanded to college students. Now it has expanded to Native  American reservations. Now it has expanded to poor communities.   Oh, we see the manipulation being planned on election day because now  there is a Court that by 5 to 4 gutted the Voting Rights Act and allows  voter intimidation in this country and allows voter suppression. So we  see the efforts. You decrease the number of polling places where you  don't want people to vote. You move them so people aren't sure where to  go. You understaff them so there are long lines in blue districts and  short lines in red districts. You stick machines in there that don't  work so well. Maybe that will slow things down. You put out messages  saying ``Thank you for voting last week'' to confuse people when the  vote is actually coming up next week. You say: Oh, by the way, you can  use any State ID to vote, but you can't use a college ID. This is  because they don't want college students to vote.   You know, I am proud of the Constitution of the United States. I am  proud of the vision of voter empowerment, citizen engagement, and  participation as a foundation for what we do in this country. But I  have really been stunned by the scope of those in this Chamber who  believe in voter suppression and intimidation. I am stunned that they  don't share the view of a government of, by, and for the people because  that is the oath of office we took. It was to our Constitution.   I am also stunned that it has been 5 months since the Heroes Act was  [[Page S6370]]  passed in the House, and this body has sat on its hands for 5 months-- for 5 months--and now the leader of this body says: Mr. President,  don't negotiate with Speaker Pelosi. We don't want to vote on a bill  that will really help America. You have the Treasury Secretary and the  Speaker ready to reach a deal, and the leader of this body is saying:  Don't do it. For 5 months, don't do it.   I always think of the phrase you hear growing up: Rome burned while  Nero fiddled. Well, America suffers while the Senate slumbers under the  leadership that says: No vote on a comprehensive package to help both  the healthcare pandemic and the economic implosion that is associated  with it.   There are 220,000-plus Americans who lie in the grave because  President Trump refused to have a national strategy on personal  protective equipment, because President Trump refused to have a  national strategy on testing, because President Trump refused to have a  national strategy on contact tracing, and because President Trump  decided to try to continue the polarization of America over the use of  masks and social distancing rather than bringing America together to  fight this.   Now, some say: You know, couldn't America do just as well as Canada?  Couldn't we do just as well as our neighbor to the north? Don't we have  more resources than they have? Don't we have more research institutions  than they have? Can't we do just as well as the Canadians?    Well, if we had done as well as the Canadians, 135,000 fewer  Americans would have died if we had the same deaths per capita as the  Canadians. There are 135,000 deaths lying at the doorstep of the Oval  Office and this Chamber, sitting on its hands for the last 5 months-- not investing in testing and tracing, not insisting we have an  aggressive strategy from the very start, and working in partnership  with the incompetence of the President to make the pandemic so much  worse for America. There are so many more people infected, so many more  people dead, and so many people damaged for a lifetime by the  experience of being sick with coronavirus and then having lasting side  effects.   And what else? Country after country is putting their economy back  together because they don't have coronavirus in any significant numbers  anymore--Taiwan and South Korea. But as long as you have this pandemic,  you damage the economy. So not only have people died and people  suffered with the illness and not only will they carry consequences  forward, but the number of people who have lost their jobs--that is a  big deal.   Just last week, we saw the highest jump in jobless claims since  August with about 900,000 Americans filing for unemployment. I live in  a blue-collar community. I grew up in a blue-collar community. My dad  was a mechanic. I went to the public schools. My kids went to the same  public schools. I can tell you that those lost jobs affect those who  have the least resources to tide them over.   Back in April, 40 percent of the people who earned $40,000 or less  lost a job. That was in April. So there is a lot of suffering going on  economically, as well as in healthcare. We need to do everything in our  power to help those families weather this storm--not sit on our hands  for 5 months and not talk about the emaciated package that was put on  the floor, one that is cutting to a fraction the previous Republican  package, which was pretty darn skinny.   We have a responsibility to address unemployment insurance that has  tied hard-working blue-collar Americans through. I know that for many  of my colleagues, all they want is to rebuild the economy from the rich  down--from Wall Street down. But do you know what? That just increases  the wealth and income inequality. Do you know how effective those extra  unemployment checks were in keeping people working and buying products  because then other companies were employed and they could pay their  mortgages, they could pay their utilities, they could pay their rent,  they could buy their groceries, and keep the economy moving?   But the extension of that has been blocked by the leadership of this  body. The leadership of this body, the majority party, has refused to  invest in that national strategy of testing and tracing, which is  essential in every country that has gotten ahead of the coronavirus.  They are restoring their economies. They are supercharging their  economies because the disease is out of the way. They invested in  testing and tracing, but the leadership of this Chamber has ensured the  pandemic gets worse and afflicted our economy in the process.   It may not matter to rich folks across this country who have seen  their S&P 500 index go through the roof. Why is it going through the  roof? Because those companies are replacing the products produced by  small business across America. Hundreds of thousands of small  businesses have been ravaged and destroyed by this lost economy. OK,  the S&P 500 is doing fine; your stock portfolio is doing fine. But  Americans--ordinary Americans are not doing fine.   The majority in this Chamber did not want to increase the Medicaid  matching rate to strengthen healthcare across this country. Why is it  so important? Because the States have lost so many revenues during this  downturn, and in the process, people losing their jobs lose their  employer-based health insurance and, therefore, need to qualify for  Medicaid. On and on, one issue after another--it is an issue of basic  decency and of basic humanity to address the challenges Americans are  faced with because of the incompetence of the President's efforts to  address the pandemic, and it has produced, therefore, an economy that  is just a shambles.   One of the things that ordinary families face is having their  utilities cut off. We know how essential it is to have water, to have  electricity, and to have broadband to get through this. This whole  crisis has shined a light on the importance of broadband. That  broadband is necessary to apply for employment. That broadband is  necessary for the school children to go to class. That broadband is  necessary for the college students to go to class. That broadband is  necessary for every family to stay in contact with their friends and  family. That broadband is necessary to follow the national news. It is  at the heart of the communications of America, so cutting it off is  unacceptable.    Turning off the electricity is unacceptable. You can't have a  computer or broadband if electricity is turned off. You can't have  light and heat as winter approaches if it is turned off. Water is  essential to health. You can't have basic sanitation if you don't have  access to water.   So let's make sure we protect ordinary families. Let's make sure they  have the electricity, they have the water, and they have the broadband.  Let's not let American families be put at such risk.   Now, yes, there are States and cities that have taken action and  produced such moratoriums, but aren't we all America together? Instead  of a patchwork of neighborhoods that got some help and protection and  ones that didn't, why don't we stand together as Americans and protect  the utilities? That is what we should be doing right now with a robust  bill--a robust bill to address the pandemic and to address the economic  implosion.   So, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the HELP Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 4362 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered and  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, my colleague not only objected but laid  out his thinking on the idea that has been adopted at local governments  across the country, and he said it is unconstitutional. Of course he  didn't bother to actually check to see if it was unconstitutional  because, no, it is not. If it was, it would have been ended in all of  those places at the State and local levels where it had been done. So  much for that false argument.   He brings in his experience as a regulator, but it might be helpful  to actually check the lawbooks before making a spurious argument.   Then he says: You know, a moratorium would hurt ordinary families.   Well, try talking to an ordinary family. An ordinary family says: You  know what, I lost my job because of the economic collapse. We have an  economic collapse because of the failure to address coronavirus, and  now you are telling me it is good for me if I lose my electricity and  my water while I try to help my kids get through this year when they  can't attend class or school and they have to do it at home. But you  are OK having my electricity turned off.   That is hardly helping the families get through this. I must say, it  represents an awareness that is so distant from the experience of  ordinary Americans as to confound the mind and really challenge the  heart.   My colleague notes that, my goodness, the utilities have expenses.  Yes, which is exactly why I have proposed that we compensate those  utilities for those expenses. So why don't we have this bill on the  floor, and then we can actually have the arguments and get the facts  out about it?   My colleague said: I have these arguments--arguments I have just  noted and disagree with, but at least we are having a debate, which is  rare in this Chamber. So let's have this bill on the floor, and let's  have everyone bring their experiences to bear, and let's open it to  amendment.   My colleague noted that there are piecemeal items that the majority  leader brought forward because there is an election in a couple of  weeks. He didn't say ``because there is an election in a couple of  weeks,'' but that is why they were brought forward. That is my opinion.  I would have been fine bringing those to the floor if they were open to  amendment, but, no, they were a political stunt. It is, here is our  version we want to vote on so we can do a campaign commercial, but we  are not going to let there actually be a debate, a possible amendment.  The Senate might actually legislate? We haven't done that in years. Why  would we start now? Because that is the vision of our Constitution,  that there actually be debates on this floor; that we actually allow  relevant amendments to have a majority vote and be considered so that  the collective interaction of Members can produce a better outcome for  America. By voting on those amendments, we can be accountable to the  people of the United States of America.   So bring back the bill and guarantee that it will get amendments by  simple majority, and let's have a real debate because we owe it to the  American people.   Let's bring the Heroes Act to the floor--the one that has been  trapped for 5 months. Amend the hell out of it if you want, but at  least you are taking votes to be accountable to the people of the  United States of America. At least we are having a debate--a debate--in  front of Americans about what works and what doesn't. We need more of  that in this Chamber. We need a bipartisan consensus that will restore  the ability of Senators to amend.   It is not that long ago that in this Chamber, amendments were common  and blockades were rare. That was a functioning legislative body. That  benefits every single Member. I can't tell you how many Members on both  sides of the aisle say that we need to restore the vision of a  functioning legislative body.   I want to do amendments. Let's restore that vision. Let's work  together to restore that vision for the betterment of this Chamber but  certainly for the betterment of America. And one idea that should be  considered is protecting Americans from having their utilities cut off  until we are on the far side of this crisis.   Thank you.   