 Madam President, this morning, I had the privilege of  attending the President's signing of the Great American Outdoors Act.   Now, this is a town, Washington, DC, that is accustomed to  hyperbole--that is exaggeration--and excessive partisanship. Yet,  today, we had neither. As the Secretary of the Interior said, the bill  the President signed is, clearly, the most important conservation and  outdoor recreation legislation that has passed in this Congress and  become law in at least a half century. It may only be exceeded by the  actual funding of the National Park System itself as it was gradually  created, over time, to become an agency with 419 properties.   This legislation does two things.   One, it tackles the deferred maintenance backlogs in the Park System.  By that I mean, look at our campground in the Great Smokies, which  normally has 5,000 families camping there, but it has been closed for a  number of years because the sewage system doesn't work. There are  examples all across this country, from the Pearl Harbor Visitor Center  to the National Mall, of worn-out trails, of roads with holes in them,  of roofs that leak, and of sewage systems that don't work. As a result,  campgrounds are closed because bathrooms don't operate.   All of these are our national parks and our public lands, which is  where we want to go and where we especially want to go right now  because what all of us want is to get out. We want to get outdoors. We  want some fresh, clean air that we can breathe.   The head of Bass Pro Shops was telling me at the White House this  morning that, at first, COVID really hurt Bass Pro Shops and that they  had to close a lot of stores. Guess what is happening now. The  purchasing of fishing licenses is going up at a record level. People  are taking their sons and daughters and grandsons and granddaughters  fishing and hunting--outdoors and to the parks. This is something that  everyone who cares about the outdoors has been worried about since the  last generation--that young people were not going out to the parks.  They are going today because they want to get outside.   So today was a wonderful day, and everyone agreed that this was the  most important bill for conservation and the outdoors in at least a  half century. The Republicans agree with that. The Democrats agree with  that. Hundreds of conservation groups agree with that. The President of  the United States also agrees with that. It is no exaggeration to say  that something remarkable and historic happened today when the  President signed the Great American Outdoors Act. It is also accurate  to say it was wholly bipartisan because it never would have passed if  it had not been, and it barely passed even though it was. It took a  Herculean effort. So I come to the floor briefly today to talk about  some of those persons who made a difference in this historic event.   There were many marchers in this parade. There always are when  something passes in the U.S. Senate. One Senator never really does  anything. It takes a parade of Senators--almost always of both  parties--and it takes the House of Representatives. It also takes the  President of the United States.   Because Presidents don't always get the credit they deserve, I want  to say that there were many marchers in this parade--there were  Democrats and Republicans, and there were hundreds of outdoors groups-- but this historic conservation legislation would not have happened had  it not been for President Trump. Here is why.   He is the first President of the United States to allow and support  the use of money derived from energy exploration on Federal lands for  deferred maintenance in our national parks, and if the President and  the Office of Management and Budget don't support that, it is not going  to happen, which is one reason this bill hasn't happened even though  people have been trying to do it for years.   I mentioned the history of this and the deferred maintenance. As the  Secretary of the Interior pointed out, it was in the Eisenhower years  when we had the last big investment in our National Park System. I know  for a fact that the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which was the  other important part of this legislation--$900 million a year  permanently for the Land and Water Conservation Fund--was a  recommendation of the Rockefeller Commission in the Lyndon Johnson  administration, which Congress enacted in 1964.   I spent some time on that myself when I was Chairman of the  President's Commission on Americans Outdoors in 1985 and 1986. It was  our No. 1 recommendation that Congress should do what had been  recommended in 1964, and now we are in 2020.   So good people have been working since 1964 to make the Land and  Water Conservation Fund permanent, and it was signed into law today.  Good people have been working since the Eisenhower years to deal with  the deferred maintenance backlog--the potholes, the roofs, the sewage  systems, the visitor centers, and the malls--in our national parks.  That bill was signed today. It is historic. If the President had not  allowed the money to be used in that way and had not supported it  strongly in the Republican caucus, where we had some trouble getting  enough votes until we got plenty of votes, it wouldn't have happened.   He did one other thing which people don't know about. Our bipartisan  group of Senators asked me if I would ask him, when he visited  Tennessee in early March, if he would add to the bill or if he would  support adding to the bill the national forests and the national  wildlife refuges in the Bureau of Land Management and the Indian  schools, which are in disrepair, so that the deferred maintenance of  all of those would be added to this.   He said: Yes, let's do it.   I called that information back to the bipartisan group of managers,  and the group was excited. It was added to the bill, and that became  law today as well.   Take the Cherokee National Forest, which is adjacent to the Great  Smoky Mountains National Park. We hear more about the Smokies, for 10  million, 11 million, 12 million people go there every year. It has a  $224 million maintenance backlog. This will cut that in half over 5  years. The Cherokee National Forest is right next to the Smokies and  has 3 million visitors a year, which is more than most national parks.  It has a $27 million backlog, and this will cut that in half. The  Indian schools will get hundreds of millions of dollars in order to  build them back up, and they are in bad shape.   So the President deserves credit for that. There were many important  marchers in that parade, but it would not have happened without  President Trump.   Let me just mention some of the other marchers, and let's talk about  the ones in the U.S. Senate. I will not go on at great length about  them, but I do want to acknowledge them   Let's start with Senator Warner, of Virginia, and Senator Portman, of  Ohio. They, in working with the National Parks Conservation Association  and others, introduced the bill to reduce the maintenance backlog in  the parks. Secretary Zinke came to Tennessee 3 years ago and asked me  to do a similar thing, and I worked with Senator King of Maine. We  introduced a bill. Then we put those bills together. So Senator Warner,  Senator King, and Senator Portman deserve a lot of credit for the work  they have done on that part of the bill.   Then we have the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I mentioned how  long that work had been going on. Senator Burr of North Carolina has  been an advocate of that for many years. Senator Cantwell, a Democrat  from Washington State, has been as well. More recently, Senator  Manchin, who is the ranking Democrat on the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee, has taken a major leadership role in the Land and  Water Conservation Fund.   Then there were Senators Gardner and Daines. If there were a parade,  you would have to say they were the drum majors. They were out front.  They helped to work with the President. They helped to work with this  group. So you can see what kind of parade we are talking about.   Senator Heinrich of New Mexico--a strong, progressive Democrat, with  great respect in his caucus--made sure that we kept the thing on  balance and brought a real conservationist zeal to this effort.   We take him for granted, but let us give Senator McConnell, the  majority  [[Page S4703]]  leader, some credit. In the middle of COVID, he agreed, at our request,  to give us 2 weeks to debate this bill and try to pass it--2 weeks of  Senate floor time. If Mitch McConnell had not put the bill on the  floor, the bill would never have had a chance to pass.   I thank the Democratic leader, as well, for creating an environment  within his caucus wherein we could work through the difficult issues  that arose.   Now, that is just part of the honor roll of U.S. Senators who were  involved in all of this, but it is an important honor roll.   I should add Senator Collins, of Maine, who, from the beginning, was  a strong supporter of both the Land and Water Conservation Fund and of  the Restore Our Parks Act.   So, when I say ``parade,'' that is what I am talking about. There are  many marchers in this parade, and every single one of those U.S.  Senators--both Democrats and Republicans--was essential to the passage  of this bill.   The final group was made up of outside groups. Some people said there  were more than 800 conservation and outdoor groups in support of this.  That sounds a little bit like hyperbole to me, but I think it might  have been true. I mean, this is something that organizations have  worked on for decades--literally decades. Some of the people I saw at  the White House today were the same people I met in the mid-1980s when  I was the Chairman of President Reagan's Commission on Americans  Outdoors. Most of the people involved with the Rockefeller Commission  are gone now, which was in 1963 and 1964, but people for decades have  worked on this. I couldn't begin to mention all of them, but The Nature  Conservancy would be one. Pew would be another. Then there is the  National Wildlife Federation, the Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation,  the National Parks Conservation Association, and the National Park  Foundation. Sally Jewell, the former Secretary of the Interior in the  last administration, helped to organize and lead many of these folks.   So you can see, with that sort of breadth and every Interior  Secretary from Babbitt to Zinke, we had quite a parade of Americans who  wanted to celebrate the great American outdoors.   People say that Italy has its art, that England has its history, that  Egypt has its pyramids, but that the United States has the great  American outdoors. We celebrated that today, and I was proud to be one  marcher in that parade.   As the President signed the legislation, I was thinking of some  gesture I could make to him or gift I could give him that would be  appropriate so as to recognize, of all of the marchers in the parade,  that he was the most consequential because, if he had not supported it,  it wouldn't have happened. So I took with me a walking stick that was  as tall as I am--about his size--that was given to me in 1978 when I  was walking across Tennessee in my campaign for the Governor of  Tennessee. I walked in a red and black shirt--a lot like the mask I  wear today. People would give me walking sticks, and this was a walking  stick that was carved by a Smoky Mountain craftsman. It is a mountain  man walking stick. It is, really, a beautiful stick.   I gave it to the President. He looked a little surprised, and then he  took it and walked away with it.   I said: Mr. President, you may find this will come in handy during  the rest of the year.   He said: I think it will.   So that was a heartfelt gesture to the President. I am glad he liked  it. I know the people in the Great Smoky Mountains like this piece of  legislation and are grateful for his work on it. I hope he keeps that  walking stick as a token of respect for his support and appreciation  for what he has done to help this whole parade of Senators on both  sides of the aisle create this new law.   I yield the floor.   