 Mr. President, I rise today to honor the life and legacy  of one of West Virginia's finest.   Patrolwoman Cassie Johnson of the Charleston Police Department  represented the very best of who we are as a statewide community. She  was taken from us far too soon, on December 3, 2020, at the age of 28.   Cassie was the daughter of an ironworker. She shared her mother's  steely resolve and iron constitution.   Being a police officer in the city she loved and grew up in was a  dream come true for Cassie. She was sworn in by Mayor Amy Goodwin in  January 2019 and had previously worked as a city humane officer.   Cassie was born and raised in our State's capital. She could have  gone anywhere, and she chose to stay and protect and serve the  community that made her who she was.   She was truly a beautiful person in every way.  [[Page S7267]]    Growing up, Cassie was an athlete and particularly loved softball.  She would one day find that the Little League field she played on as a  child was on her beat. So she watched over it with great care so the  current generation of children could play in safety.   One of the first things she did when she was assigned to the field  was to clean up the drug paraphernalia to make the field a safe place  for kids. Because of her efforts, children and their families have been  able to enjoy the field as a clean, safe, fun place to play.   Cassie was an animal lover and dedicated her life to rescuing pets  who had been cast aside, even taking an animal behavior class in  Tennessee so she could better understand the language of dogs.   Cassie's beloved dog Emma was a chocolate lab who passed away a few  months ago. Cassie grieved deeply for Emma because she had a special  connection with her.   Years ago, when Cassie was in high school, Emma had nine chocolate  lab pups in Cassie's bedroom. Her mom tells the story of taking the  runt of the litter with her to pick up Cassie at school. When they got  home, there were chocolate lab pups running everywhere. This was just  one of the many adventures Cassie had with Emma. No doubt, they are  reunited again.   Cassie was a music lover, most likely because her mother sang her to  sleep as a child. She was surrounded by instruments and music  throughout her life. She loved to make the world beautiful, and that is  also why she enjoyed decorating for the holidays.   The weekend before she passed, she decorated her mother's house for  Christmas, alongside her dear sister Chelsea. One of the last actions  she took the day of her passing was to wipe the snow from those holiday  decorations because she always looked out for her mother any way that  she could.   Most importantly, Cassie was a genuinely good person, and she lived  her whole life with West Virginia values. She worked hard and bought  her own home at the age of 25. She was beloved in the community and in  her profession, as evidenced in the tremendous outpouring of grief. The  support and fellowship that followed her tragic passing has been  unbelievable.   Her mother describes her as respectful and well-mannered throughout  her whole life.   Cassie will be deeply be missed, not only because of who she was but  because we are all so keenly aware of and sorrowful for what might have  been.   No one can take away what Cassie represented to the Charleston  community and the entire Mountain State. Every one of our female  leaders in West Virginia is an epitome of strength and advancement in  their fields and serve as inspiring role models for the next  generation. That is due in great part to the women who broke ground in  generations past. Because of their accomplishments, young women like  Cassie have and will blaze their own trails and continue to make our  State and entire Nation proud.   I have such tremendous respect for our police officers and all of our  first responders. Cassie's compassion, courage, and selflessness will  live on through the memories of those who knew and loved her, as well  as through the countless lives she touched and inspired every day.   She leaves us having made a profound impact in the community that she  loved, as well as in the lives of those around her.   I had the tremendous and humbling honor of visiting with Cassie's  family at her bedside in her final hours. It is clear to me that Cassie  came from strong roots and that her life was filled with joy and love.  She was a beloved daughter and sister and a loyal friend, who adored  her three dogs and all animals.   Cassie was an organ donor. Her final act of selflessness has given  someone else a chance.   The Charleston Police Department has retired Cassie's unit number,  146.   I know I join the entire Mountain State in mourning our shared loss  of this bright, generous, and vibrant spirit.   Gayle and I extend our deepest condolences to Cassie's mother Sheryl,  sister Chelsea, brother Terry, and all of her family and friends, her  colleagues with the Charleston Police Department, as well as the city  of Charleston, and will forever keep them in our prayers.   May God watch over Cassie.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   