 Madam Speaker, I start by wishing the ranking member of  the committee a very happy birthday and a wonderful day.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1425.   I do agree with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that we need  to enact reforms that will make health insurance and access to care  more affordable. I also agree that we need to protect individuals with  preexisting conditions. But the approach under the legislation being  debated today will not bring us closer to a better-functioning  marketplace. It is like putting a Band-Aid on a broken system.   To truly lower the costs of insurance and care, we need to address  the underlying cost drivers of healthcare. Yet, the legislation before  us today ignores what is driving prices higher. Instead, it  broadens government subsidies to  [[Page H2639]]  more individuals, including the wealthy, so that, on its face, the  price of insurance looks cheaper. But don't be fooled by generous tax  credits. These credits will be paid for by all taxpayers when they are  passed along to hardworking families in the form of higher taxes.    Madam Speaker, I would welcome the opportunity to work with my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle on real reforms that will  increase choices for insurance and care options; that will cut through  healthcare monopolies to increase competition in the marketplace; that  will allow for more personalized plans that will better target  taxpayer-funded subsidies to the poor, the sick, and the vulnerable,  not high-earning individuals; and that would enable a system that  fosters innovation in patient care, not stifle it through burdensome  government mandate.   Before I close, I want to touch on my colleagues' decision to include  the same government-controlled drug-pricing scheme in this patchwork of  stale proposals that was passed a few months ago. At a time when the  world is fighting to emerge from a global pandemic, my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle believe it is an appropriate time to raise  taxes on lifesaving cures by 95 percent.   We have already worked, in a bipartisan manner, on policy ideas that  we all agree will help lower drug prices. Each of those policies was  included in H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More Cures Act.   Madam Speaker, I hope, one day, we can set the shenanigans aside and  bring real reforms, like those included in H.R. 19, up for  consideration.   