 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend  from Oklahoma for yielding and for the glowing recommendation there. I  think I could have gotten a better one from Mr. Perlmutter over there.  It is great to be here. It is great to be among friends and great to  see bipartisanship.   This is an example of what the House of Representatives should do on  a regular basis, have fun, joke around, like Ranking Member Lucas and I  do on regular occasions. This is what we should do on a wide variety of  other pieces of legislation, including what we want to do before the  end of this month, how we want to fill the holes in the stimulus bill  that we passed back months and months ago in a very bipartisan way.   I have to raise some concerns about this piece of legislation because  the House Administration Committee got this bill sent to the committee  last November and, unfortunately, as has been the norm in this Congress  and on this committee, we didn't hold one meaningful hearing or markup  on this bill.   The Chair waived our jurisdiction in February, and now 7 months later  this bill is on the House floor without ever being discussed by the  committee with jurisdiction over Federal election issues.   H.R. 4990 allocates over $100 million over the next 5 years to the  National Institute of Standards and Technology in order to conduct  election system research and distribute grants to higher-education  institutions and nonprofits.   Funding expanded research at NIST, a nonregulatory agency of the  Department of Commerce, would allow the agency to circumvent policy  priorities set by the U.S. Election Assistance Commission, a  politically balanced agency.   This is especially concerning when we know there have already been  calls for more transparency when it comes to the work that NIST does on  behalf of the EAC. Currently, EAC commissioners are not regularly  updated on the projects that they task NIST with. There is no timeline  for completion and no reporting structure. H.R. 4990 further empowers  NIST without proportional accountability to the EAC.   I have addressed this issue previously in my bill H.R. 5707, the  Protect American Voters Act, PAVA, by calling election-related work of  NIST to be more accessible and visible by directing them to issue a  report to Congress every year containing the status, timeline, and  estimated completion of activities that they are tasked with under  HAVA.   Additionally, H.R. 4990 would expand the voting system definition to  include nonvoting technology in the already overwhelmed voluntary  voting system guidelines process.   We have been waiting for updated HAVA guidelines, or VVSG 2.0, for  over a decade now. So while I absolutely believe guidelines for  nonvoting equipment, such as e-poll books are needed, adding more to  the VVSG process likely isn't going to get this done.   My bill, PAVA, addresses this by bypassing the costly and time- consuming VVSG process and calls for the EAC to establish a separate  process for testing and certifying guidelines for nonvoting election  equipment.   The bottom line, H.R. 4990 does not update HAVA, and allocates over  $100 million to the discretion of NIST, rather than investing in the  bipartisan independent government agency created by Congress. And that  agency is well-versed in elections. The EAC provides guidance, not  mandates. Keeping power at the EAC preserves States' primary and  constitutional role in administering Federal elections.   This House should work in a real, bipartisan fashion to create the  election reform that the American people deserve. I am willing and  ready whenever my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would like to  do this.   I am happy we see bipartisanship today as this bill works its way  through the process after it passes today. I certainly hope that the  sponsors and my colleagues can work with us to address some of the  concerns that I raise today.   I thank, again, Ranking Member Lucas. I will give him a glowing  recommendation, too, of nothing.   And I thank the sponsors of this bill, Ms. Sherrill and Mr. Gonzales,  for your work in this field. I would like to work with you to address  some of these concerns as we move it to the Senate. Thank you for your  time today.   