 Mr. President, this is an interesting time. I was thinking  that over the holiday break. I was home, and I talked to many  Vermonters. These are Vermonters who are Republicans, Democrats,  Independents, and across the political spectrum. All of them expressed  concerns about how the Senate will handle the impeachment of President  Trump or the trial. He has been impeached, but now it is the trial. I  suspect that all 100 Senators had similar conversations.   I have been asked not just about President Trump's actions in Ukraine  but also about how the Senate will conduct a trial and whether the  Senate is even capable of holding a genuine, fair trial worthy of our  constitutional responsibilities.   I would remind Senators that at the start of an impeachment trial, we  each swear an oath to do impartial justice according to the  Constitution and laws. During my 45 years in this Chamber, I have taken  this oath six times, and I take this oath extraordinarily seriously.  But I fear the Senate may be on the verge of abandoning what this oath  means.   The majority leader has vowed a quick acquittal before we hear any  witnesses. He has boasted that he is ``not an impartial juror,'' and he  has pledged ``there will be no difference between the President's  position and our position as to how to handle this.'' He ignores the  fact that the U.S. Senate is a separate and independent body. Actually,  what the majority leader said is  [[Page S106]]  tantamount to a criminal defendant being allowed to set the rules for  his own trial, while the judge and jury promise him a quick acquittal.  That is a far cry from the ``impartial justice'' required by our oaths  and the U.S. Constitution.   Given this, I understand why Speaker Pelosi did not rush to send the  Articles of Impeachment to the Senate. A sham trial is in no one's  interest. I would say a sham trial is not even in the President's  interest. A choreographed acquittal exonerates no one. It serves only  to deepen rifts within the country, and eviscerates the Senate's  constitutional role.   Now, how the Senate conducts the trial will be up to each of us. It  is not up to one or two Senators, and it is certainly not up to the  President. The duration and scope of the trial, including whether to  call witnesses or compel document production, will be decided by a  simple majority of the U.S. Senate.   I know many on the Republican side have said we should postpone any  agreement on witnesses. They argue that the Senate did that for  President Clinton's trial, so why not now. That argument sounds  reasonable--until you look at the facts. You know, facts are always  troublesome things.   Today, following President Trump's instruction, nine key witnesses-- key witnesses--with firsthand knowledge of the allegations have refused  to cooperate with the House investigation. Because of President Trump,  they are told they are not allowed to testify. Now, compare that to the  Clinton trial. Then, every key witness, including President Clinton,  provided testimony under oath before the trial. Indeed, we had a  massive record from the independent counsel to consider: 36 boxes of  material covering the most intimate details of the President's life.  Just think of that, every witness testifying, as compared to the Trump  impeachment, where he wouldn't allow any key witness to testify, and  even though he said he wanted to testify, of course he never did.   Now, even with all that, even with those 36 boxes of material, the  Senate did end up hearing from three witnesses during the Clinton  trial. Let me tell you how that worked. These are three witnesses who  already had given extensive, voluminous testimony: Sidney Blumenthal,  he testified before the grand jury for three days; Vernon Jordan, he  testified before the grand jury for five days and was deposed by  independent counsel; and Monica Lewinsky had testified for two days  before the grand jury, was deposed by independent counsel, and was  interviewed by the independent counsel 20 times.   Let's be clear: Even Republicans, at the time, acknowledged they did  not expect to learn new information from these witnesses. I know that  Republicans and Democrats picked a small group of Senators to be there  for their depositions. I was one of them. In fact, I presided over the  Lewinsky deposition. One of the House managers--Republican managers-- said that ``if [the witnesses] are consistent, they'll say the same  that's in here,'' referring to their previous testimony already before  the Senate. Another told Ms. Lewinsky: ``Obviously, you testified  extensively in the grand jury, so you're going to obviously repeat  things today.'' And the third House manager told Mr. Jordan, ``I know  that probably about every question that could be asked has been  asked''--and, I might say, answered.    And indeed those Republicans were correct. We did not learn anything  material from these depositions.   Now, unlike the claims made on the other side, the situation today  could not be more different. The Senate does not have any prior  testimony or documents from four key witnesses: John Bolton, Mick  Mulvaney, Robert Blair, and Michael Duffey--all people who have  significant information about what Donald Trump has been charged with.  We don't have a single document. We don't have a single amount of  testimony under oath. Why? Because the President directed them not to  cooperate with the House, not to testify under oath, and not to say  anything. If these witnesses had performed their legal duty, having  been subpoenaed, and if they had cooperated with the House's inquiry,  we wouldn't be in this position.   There is no question that all Senators--Republicans and Democrats  alike--will benefit from hearing what those witnesses have to say. All  of them have direct and relevant information about President Trump's  actions with respect to Ukraine. There is no good reason to postpone  their testimony.   Take just one, the President's former National Security Advisor, John  Bolton. My question for all the Senators is this: We already know that,  according to Mr. Bolton's lawyer, ``he was personally involved in many  of the events, meetings, and conversations . . . that have not yet been  discussed in the testimonies thus far.'' We already know that includes  a one-on-one conversation with the President about Ukraine aid. We  already know that Mr. Bolton described the President's aide's efforts  as ``a drug deal.'' And we now know that Mr. Bolton is willing to talk  to us for the first time if asked. How can we say we are fulfilling our  constitutional duty if we don't even ask? How can we ignore such  critical, firsthand testimony?   No matter how each side ultimately votes on guilt or innocence, the  decision of whether to keep both the Senate and the American people in  the dark would effectively make the Senate complicit in a cover-up.  That would fall on the Senate, and that will shape our system of checks  and balances for decades to come. It will haunt both Democrats and  Republicans. Senate Republicans must not close the Senate's eyes and  cover its ears. We should be Senators. We should follow our oath to  uphold justice.   I recognize, of course, that this is an era of deep partisan  acrimony. But that was true during the Clinton impeachment trial, and  it was true during the Johnson impeachment trial. The question that  each of us has to answer now is whether we will allow the label of  Democrat or Republican to matter more than our constitutional role as  Senators. We are first and foremost U.S. Senators. There are only 100  of us to represent over 300 million Americans. That is why I believe  the Senate itself is now on trial.   I have never seen a trial without witnesses when the facts are in  dispute. I have tried many, many, many cases, both in private practice  and as a prosecutor. I have never tried a case where there are no  witnesses. More to the point, the Senate has never held a Presidential  impeachment trial without hearing from witnesses. The Senate and the  American people deserve, to have the full story. We shouldn't be  complicit in a cover-up.   I would not suggest to any Senator that his or her oath requires at  this time a specific verdict--that is going to depend on the trial. But  I strongly believe that our oath requires that all Senators behave  impartially and that all Senators support a fair trial, one that places  the pursuit of truth above fealty to this or any other President,  setting the rules for the time to come.   The Senate has a job to do. It is not to rig the trial in favor of-- or against--President Trump. Impeachment is the only constitutional  mechanism that Congress has to hold Presidents accountable. Whether or  not the Senate ultimately votes to convict, if the Senate first enables  a cover-up with a sham trial, then it means it is placing one President  above the Constitution. In doing so, the Senate would eviscerate a  foundation of our democracy that has thus far survived 240 years. No  one--no one--is above the law.   I see other Senators waiting to speak.   I yield the floor.   