 Mr. President, I wish to enter remarks regarding the  Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, which I will refer to as the  2021 Approps Act.   Specifically, my remarks are about sections 1001 through 1005 of the  2021 Approps Act. I was the sponsor and principal drafter of these  sections. I also negotiated the final legislative text of these  sections with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and my Democratic  colleagues in the Senate, including Democratic Minority Leader Chuck  Schumer.   These sections relate to the Federal Reserve's temporary emergency  lending facilities under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act that  are creatures of the CARES Act P.L. 116-136. These facilities were  established in response to the extreme turmoil in the credit markets  caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020. They were made possible  by $500 billion in funding and authority provided by the CARES Act. As  a result, these facilities are often referred to as the CARES Act  facilities, which is how I will refer to them.   The CARES Act facilities are the Primary Market Corporate Credit  Facility, the Secondary Market Corporate Credit Facility, the Municipal  Liquidity Facility, the Main Street Lending Program, and the Term  Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility (TALF). The CARES Act required  and Congress intended the CARES Act facilities to cease operations by  December 31, 2020.   I was one of the two Republican Senators involved in drafting the  CARES ACT provisions that provided the funding and authority for the  CAREES Act facilities. During the last 2 days--December 19, 2020 and  December 20, 2020--I have spoken at length on the Senate floor about  the creation, intended purpose, and success of these facilities, as  well as the impact of sections 1001 through 1005 of the 2021 Approps  Act on these facilities and the reasons for enacting these sections. As  a result, I will not repeat those remarks now.   Today, I would like to focus on the impact of one particular section  of the 2021 Approps Act: section 1005. But let me first remind my  colleagues of what sections 1001 through 1005 of the 2021 Approps Act  do. Collectively, these sections rescind more than $429 billion of  unused money out of the CARES Act facilities and use that money for  other important purposes; definitively end the CARES Act facilities by  December 31, 2020, as Congress intended and the CARES Act requires;  forbid the CARES Act facilities from being restarted; and prevent the  CARES Act facilities from being replicated without congressional  approval.   Specifically, section 1005 of the 2021 Approps Act prevents the  creation of any Federal Reserve emergency lending facility established  under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act that is ``the same as''  any CARES Act facility. Because an earlier version of TALF was  established in 2008 prior to the CARES Act, section 1005 of the 2021  Approps Act specifically allows TALF--but only TALF--to be replicated  in the future without congressional approval. Under section 1005 of the  2021 Approps Act, all of the other CARES Act facilities--the Primary  Market Corporate Credit Facility, the Secondary Market Corporate Credit  Facility, the Municipal Liquidity Facility, and the Main Street Lending  Program--cannot be replicated in the future without congressional  approval.   So what does it mean for a new facility to be ``the same as'' a CARES  Act facility? That question can easily be answered by looking at the  purpose of the CARES Act facilities. The purpose of each CARES Act  facility is identified in its term sheet.   Let's walk through them. The purpose of the Primary Market Corporate  Credit Facility was to lend directly to corporations by purchasing  bonds or syndicated loans from them at issuance. The purpose of the  Secondary Market Corporate Credit Facility was to purchase corporate  bonds and corporate bond Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) in the secondary  market. The purpose of the Municipal Liquidity Facility was to lend  directly to states and municipalities by purchasing their municipal  bonds from them at issuance. The purpose of the Main Street Lending  Program was to extend credit directly to small or medium sized  businesses, including nonprofit organizations.   These purposes are clear and are what define each of the CARES Act  facilities. A future lending facility that had the same purpose as a  CARES Act facility would be the ``same as'' as CARES Act facility and  therefore could  [[Page S7925]]  not be created without congressional approval. The Treasury and the  Federal Reserve would need to come to Congress for approval, just as  they did at the time of the creation of the CARES Act facilities.   Unfortunately, I have seen some uninformed reporters and outside  commentators incorrectly assert that section 1005 of the 2021 Approps  Act only prevents the creation of new lending facilities if the  facilities are ``identical to'' or ``exactly the same as'' the CARES  Act facilities. That is manifestly not true. Section 1005 of the 2021  Approps Act does not say that, nor was that the intent of Congress. I  should know because unlike these reporters and commentators I drafted  and negotiated the final text of section 1005 of the 2021 Approps Act  with my Democratic colleagues, including Minority Leader Schumer.   During the course of our negotiations, Democrats actually proposed  that we use the phrase ``identical to'' in section 1005 of the 2021  Approps Act. I specifically rejected this proposal because ``identical  to'' is far too limited in scope. If section 1005 of the 2021 Approps  Act had used the word ``identical to'' than that would mean only a new  facility that is identical to a CARES Act facility in every way would  be prohibited. That would defeat the entire purpose of section 1005.   It would have allowed the Treasury and the Federal Reserve to  essentially restart the CARES Act facilities, which section 1005 of the  2021 Approps Act separately prohibits them from restarting, by simply  tinkering with their terms and launching them under a new name. For  example, the terms of the Municipal Liquidity Facility only allow it to  purchase bonds directly from and state and municipal issuers that have  a maturity of up to 3 years. If a new facility was the same in every  way as the Municipal Liquidity Facility with the exception that it  could purchase bonds with maturities up to 10 years, rather than up to  3 years, than it would not be ``identical to'' the Municipal Liquidity  Facility and therefore could be created. However, such a facility would  be the same as the current Municipal Liquidity Facility because it is  lending directly to States and municipalities.   My Republican colleagues and I did not want to permit for such a  loophole in the law. That is why I specifically rejected my Democratic  colleagues' proposal that we use the phrase ``identical to'' any CARES  Act facility. In our negotiations, I told him that we did not want the  Treasury and Federal Reserve to replicate the CARES Act facilities by  tinkering with their terms and then launching them under different  names. Ultimately, my Democratic colleagues conceded on this point and  agreed to compromise by using the broader phrase ``the same as''  instead.   So where does that leave us? Section 1005 of the 2021 Approps Act  prevents a new Federal Reserve emergency lending facility from being  established under section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act without  congressional approval, if the facility has the same purpose as a CARES  Act facility. The CARES Act facilities were unprecedented facilities  that the Treasury, with the support of the Federal Reserve, requested  that Congress make possible. Congress did so through the CARES Act.  These facilities required legislation in March 2020 and the same types  of facilities would require legislation in the future if the Treasury  and the Federal Reserve believed they needed to engage in such bond  purchasing and direct lending again.   