 Madam Speaker, this has not been an easy time for  America's small businesses. As the ranking member of the House Small  Business Committee, I hear daily from owners of restaurants and hair  salons and small retailers and manufacturers and grocers and others,  about the gut-wrenching choices that they have been forced to make  recently.   Fortunately, the Paycheck Protection Program, created under the CARES  Act, has already helped small businesses save millions of jobs and  cover essential expenses.   One company, for example, New York Bagel, survived the Great  Depression and World War II during its 99 years of operation. This  Ferndale, Michigan, business was forced to close due to the  coronavirus. But thanks to the Paycheck Protection Program, their  employees are still getting paid.   After losing 70 percent of their business, Woodyard Bar-B-Que in  Kansas City was only a week or two away from laying off workers or even  closing permanently. Their paycheck protection loan will allow them to  stay in business.   These examples are only a fraction of those who have been helped.  Understandably, this program has been very popular. In fact, demand was  so high that funding was exhausted within 2 weeks of the program being  started up. Over a million-and-a-half loans have been processed, with  nearly 60,000 in my home State of Ohio alone.   Madam Speaker, small businesses are resilient. Start-ups are  pioneering new techniques for sanitizing masks and surfaces.  Neighborhood grocers are bravely staying open to provide necessary  supplies, yes, including toilet paper, for their communities.   Small manufacturers are retooling to make personal protective  equipment for frontline workers. These small businesses and  entrepreneurs make the America we all know and love.   Congress should have passed this legislation last week, but to those  small businesses who already applied and are waiting to hear, or those  who are yet to apply for this relief, finally, help is on the way.   