 Reserving the right to object.   The Senate is currently considering the qualifications of an  excellent nominee to be on the Supreme Court of the United States. That  is why we are here. It is very important work. This request is nothing  more than another form of procedural harassment by the minority to try  and stop our process of considering Amy Coney Barrett for the Supreme  Court of the United States. It is certainly unfair to her. It is  unbecoming of this Chamber.   If this bill was so important to the Democrats in the Senate, they  wouldn't have voted four times to adjourn until after the election. So,  clearly, this is just a stunt.   By the way, if that wasn't reason enough, the bill that the Senator  is suggesting we get into would put onerous burdens on law-abiding  Americans who just want to protect themselves at a time when Democratic  mayors and Governors are overseeing all kinds of damage to life and  health and property unchecked. In fact, calling off the law enforcement  of their communities to protect our citizens, they now want to take  away the rights of those citizens to be able to purchase arms or at  least make it much more difficult.   For these reasons and several others, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.   This is yet one more obstructionist move to prevent us from taking up  Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court of the United States, a highly- qualified nominee who deserves her time in the Chamber. She deserves  her time in debate and not these other external matters that, by the  way, if they were important to the Senate minority, they would not have  voted four times this week to adjourn until after the election.   For that reason and several others, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.   I will not allow the Senate to be diverted from the issue at hand,  and that is the consideration and of Amy Coney Barrett to be an  Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. She is a  highly-qualified nominee and deserves this debate.   For that reason, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.   Again, if the minority was serious about passing legislation, they  would not have voted four times to adjourn until after the election, so  it is a little hard to take this seriously, but it is especially  difficult on this one because Federal law already prohibits violent  felons from owning and purchasing firearms.   Again, should I remind the Senate and the country that Democratic  mayors and Governors all over this country have failed to protect their  citizens. The last thing we would want to do at a time like this when  citizens are left to defend themselves against violent crime is to  prohibit law-abiding Americans or make it more difficult for law- abiding Americans to own firearms. For those reasons, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.   Can we just be a little more honest? This is not about childcare.  What is going on here is not about childcare, for veterans, or for  anybody else. This is another attempt to prevent us from talking about  the outstanding qualifications of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to be on the  Supreme Court of the United States.   I will stand here all day and object if that is what it takes for my  other colleagues to get to the floor and talk about the merits of this  outstanding judge. With that, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.   The only interference going on here is by Senate Democrats trying to  interfere in our discussion about an outstanding nominee to the Supreme  Court of the United States, Judge Amy Coney Barrett. For that reason, I  object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object.   It is really time to move on and hear from other colleagues about the  incredible, outstanding qualifications of President Trump's nominee to  the Supreme Court of the United States, Judge Amy Coney Barrett. These  distractions cannot prevent us from doing that.   On this bill in particular, I think people should know that most of  the documents that they are talking about are--in fact, almost all of  them are online today.   For that reason and others, I object.    Mr. President, 2 years ago, I was a candidate running for  this job, running against a Democratic incumbent. The top issues of the  race throughout the summer were things like the sanctity of human life,  and most important in the minds of the voters--at least based on our  polls--were law and order. The idea that a sanctuary city, much less  several of them, could exist to protect violent criminals as long as  they were here illegally was an absurd notion to Dakotans. They were  good issues for me as a candidate.   That all changed just a little over 2 years ago, when Senate  Democrats waged an attack on President Trump's nominee to fill the  vacancy that occurred by the retirement of Supreme Court Justice  Kennedy. By ``attack,'' I don't mean engage in a vigorous debate about  Brett Kavanaugh's political and judicial philosophy or his background.  Rather, they waged an attack on Brett Kavanaugh himself, on his  character, his reputation, and his family--and not with facts but with  fabrications.   My opponent, North Dakota's junior Senator, joined the smear campaign  and changed the priorities of our campaign quickly from sanctuary  cities to, suddenly, the Supreme Court of the United States. That  happened just 2 years and a couple of weeks ago. As much as anything-- as much as any reason, as much as any issue--the Supreme Court is why I  am here today. I do not mean just today. I mean it is why I am a U.S.  Senator.   So, when President Trump nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett to fill  the vacancy created by the death of Justice Bader Ginsburg, I knew  there could be no amount of political harassment that would cause me to  shrink from this obligation. The suggestion that I or my colleagues  would squander this--the right and the responsibility under the  Constitution--and consider waiting until after an election that may  create an opportunity for someone with whom my constituents don't agree  to be nominated to the Court would be a dereliction of my duty and  would rightly enrage the people who sent me here for exactly this  moment. I refuse to shrink.   So let's talk about the nominee, Judge Amy Coney Barrett. By all  accounts, she is a brilliant jurist. I don't think anybody has really  questioned  [[Page S6444]]  her scholarship, her intellect. Certainly, you couldn't argue as to her  demeanor. She has, on national display, demonstrated a demeanor that we  should probably all aspire to but, certainly, for somebody who aspires  to be on the highest Court in the land. Oh, by the way, I love the fact  that she was educated in middle America. With all due respect to my  conservative jurist friends and acquaintances and even those I don't  know from someplace other than middle America, it is awfully nice to  see one get to the top.   My conversations with Judge Barrett were like, I think, everybody's.  They were pleasant, and they were serious. In some cases, they were,  maybe, even a little bit intense, but my conversation didn't focus on  hardly any of the things I have been hearing about with relation to her  nomination--in fact, none of them have I heard about in this Chamber  today, and we have heard about lots of them. Mine didn't even really  focus on the hot-button issues of the day. My discussions focused on my  inquiry of her--about her sense and her philosophy and her thoughts on  federalism. What is the appropriate role of States in this cooperative  federalism--this wonderful experiment that is the United States of  America? This is a system designed by the States. The Federal  Government was created by the States. The Federal Government didn't  create the States. No, the States created the Federal Government. It is  foundational.   I, of course, like the Presiding Officer, was a State-elected  official. I was never the Governor, but I was probably, in many  respects, qualified in a way, today, that never occurred to me at the  time, which was that I was a regulator. I was a State regulator who had  been elected by the people of my State to regulate things like rates of  gas and electrical utilities, to cite things like pipelines and  transmission lines and powerplants and wind farms, and to oversee the  Federal Communications Act and its application in North Dakota. From  that perch as a State regulator for nearly 10 years, by far, the  greatest problems and the greatest obstacles to doing my job were the  mandates coming from Washington, DC, and its trying to impose its  mediocrity on North Dakota's excellence.   So, when I came to Washington, I set out to change some of that. I  wanted to try to change our bureaucracy a little bit and find somebody  in this place who understood and respected the role of the States in  this cooperative federalism, because what I saw and what I continue to  see is a big bureaucracy that is trying to run right over--roll right  over--the States of this country. I think that the overriding issue of  the role of States and of federalism gets to the heart of lots of these  other smaller issues, of lots of these more granular issues.   Now, whether it is the waters of the United States and what is a  navigable water--that is one of the big ones, right? The Clean Power  Plan and its imposition on local and State regulation is another, and  how the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission deals with grid  reliability. Maybe it is something even more granular like cross-State  emissions. Who knows? There are lots of them--lots and lots of them--in  areas where it has really been the courts themselves. Whether it is the  Supreme Court or the appellate court or the district court, it has  really been the courts--the judiciary--that have been the only thing  standing between an overbearing Federal Government and the rights of  States.   So my discussions with Judge Barrett centered around her views on  federalism. I gave her some examples, some North Dakota examples. I  even laid the blame on Congress, and we deserve a lot of it, for sure.  We have passed broad authorizations for the bureaucracy and then let  them fill in the blanks. We have to stop doing that. We need to be more  proscriptive. In the meantime, I want to be sure that we have a Supreme  Court that understands the sovereignty of States.   I mean, right now, North Dakota is engaged in several pieces of  litigation with our own Federal Government, and this is under Trump's  Department of Justice. I just wish the lawyers at the Department of  Justice would take on the bad actors in the political class with the  same zeal with which they take on my State. By the way, there are much  bigger things they could be taking on when they take on the political  class, if they would just do it, than the little things, where they  should be negotiating settlements with the State of North Dakota. I  just wish they had the same zeal for that. That would be much more  worthy of the title of ``justice.''   Yes, I am very pleased with Judge Amy Coney Barrett's philosophy and  demeanor, but I was really grateful for her answers on the issue of the  role of States in a cooperative Federalist system like ours. Yet, at  the end of the day, judicial philosophy, intellect, and where one went  to college is all just shored up by the fact that she is a person of  incredible virtue--yes, a virtue that is grounded in faith. That is,  after all, where most virtue comes from. In fact, I suspect that some  of those virtues that used to be more universal in our country are part  of why the left despises her so much.   As for me, I am just glad that she is willing to do it. I am glad  that her family is willing to stand with her and do it. I am glad that  she has the virtues of faith that underpin the intellect and the  experience and the demeanor. In fact, perhaps, it is why she has all of  those other things. For those reasons and several others, it is going  to be a pleasure--it is even going to be an honor--to stay the night  tomorrow night, if that is what we have to do, to cast the vote for  Judge Amy Coney Barrett to become the next Associate Justice on the  Supreme Court of the United States. I urge my colleagues to do the same   I yield the floor.   