 Mr. Speaker, this bill represents a  critical compromise between both parties whose Members came together in  light of the Corona virus pandemic. It is not perfect, but it is an  important step forward. I have said since the start we had to help  workers, small businesses, and the health care providers who have been  hit and intense negotiations have produced a bill that prioritizes the  needs of our health system and of working families ahead of big  corporations.   I have spent the last several days reviewing the bill and discussing  the fine points with leaders in our District who agree this is a good  start--this bill will help our communities and get them the assistance  they need right away. It gives hospitals a massive infusion of support,  including medical supplies, such as personal protective equipment. It  helps people who are struggling financially with rebate checks and a  strong emergency unemployment program. And it boosts our small  businesses with grants and emergency loans so they can keep going  despite the economic toll this virus is taking on our communities.   I am proud to support this bill because it puts workers and their  families first by providing direct, individual assistance to  households. It includes rebates up to $2,400 for families, expands  unemployment benefits by providing up to four months of an additional  $600 per week of unemployment insurance, waives the 10 percent early  withdrawal penalty on retirement account distributions for taxpayers  facing virus-related challenges, protects the right to collective  bargain, and ensures small businesses have the resources they need  through the Small Business Administration.   Moreover, this legislation provides a massive and essential boost to  our overall health care system. It provides $100 billion for hospitals  and other facilities to cover the costs of the COVID-19 outbreak, $16  billion for the acquisition of personal protective equipment for  medical personnel, and over $50 billion for state, local and tribal  health departments.   I am particularly pleased that the bill expanded on legislation of  mine signed into law earlier this month, expanding the use of  telehealth and telemedicine for Medicare and Medicaid patients. This  package not only broadened the scope of telehealth for these patients,  but also adopted my legislation to ensure that beneficiaries can access  telehealth services at Rural Health Clinics and Federally Qualified  Health Centers.   I would also note the importance of language in the bill staving off  scheduled cuts to Disproportionate Share Hospitals (DSH) through  December 1, 2020. I am hopeful that Congress can come together to  permanently address these cuts, but applaud legislators for ensuring  that these harmful cuts do not take place at precisely the worst  possible time.   As Chairman of the House Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures, I  am pleased the legislation establishes a refundable Employee Retention  Tax Credit, to be taken against federal payroll taxes, for struggling  businesses that retain and pay their workers, rather than lay them off.  The amount of the credit is equal to 50 percent of an employee's  qualified wages, up to a $10,000 per employee cap. Further, the bill  includes modifications of the limitation on losses for taxpayers other  than corporations, like sole proprietors; modifications of the credit  for prior year minimum tax liability of corporations; modifications of  the limitation on business interest; a technical amendment to allow  businesses to write off costs associated with improving their  facilities; and a temporary exception from the excise tax for alcohol  used to produce hand sanitizer.   The bill provides $350 billion in loan forgiveness grants to small  businesses and nonprofits to maintain existing workforce and help pay  for other expenses like rent, mortgage, and utilities; $10 billion for  SBA emergency grants of up to $10,000 to provide immediate relief for  small business operating costs; and $17 billion for SBA to cover six  months' worth of payments for small businesses with existing SBA loans.   In addition, the bill establishes a new guaranteed loan program at  SBA for small businesses to cover payroll during the immediate crisis  called the Paycheck Protection Program that would support $349 billion  in 100 percent guaranteed, low interest, no fee loans of up to $10  million with repayment deferred for at least six months; and forgive up  to 100 percent of the loan if the borrower has retained the same number  of employees as when they received the loan.   Our law enforcement and first responders are on the front line of  this crisis and I am proud that this bill provides $850 million for the  Byrne-Justice Assistance Grant Program (Byrne-JAG). Byrne-JAG is the  most flexible federal law enforcement grant program and will allow  local police departments and jails to meet local needs, including the  purchase of personal protective equipment and other needed medical  items to support officers on the front lines.   For states and local governments this bill provides $1 billion for  the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program to enable nearly  1,240 states, counties, and cities to rapidly respond to COVID-19 and  the economic and housing impacts caused by it. This includes the  expansion of community health facilities, child care centers, food  banks, and senior services. To ensure resources are quickly deployed  and meet the unique response needs to COVID-19, the bill eliminates the  cap on the amount of funds a grantee can spend on public services,  removes the requirement to hold in-person public hearings to comply  with national and local social gathering requirements, and allows  grantees to be reimbursed for COVID-19 response activities regardless  of the date the costs were incurred.   I am continuously impressed with Americans' generosity during a  crisis. However, during this particular emergency, we are asked to stay  away from people. That brings a significant financial strain on many  industries, especially those who supply/stock food. With many Americans  losing their jobs and an inability to buy groceries, an increase to the  Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP) is a necessity to keep food  banks fully stocked and supply Americans with nutritious meals. We must  also ensure that our Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program can  provide food for our most vulnerable populations. While $15.5 billion  was allocated to SNAP, we could use more.   The last thing students, especially Pell Grant recipients, need to  worry about is how to pay for their student loans or if they can keep  their grant. I am grateful this Act defers student loan payments for  six months and allows students to keep their entitlements. The $30.750  billion that is allocated to the state's Education Stabilization Fund  will ensure America's learners are still able to operate remotely and  can continue to develop to their full potential, regardless of their  learning location.   To alleviate the anticipated strain on our healthcare system, the  bill provides funds for the Department of Defense to contribute its  unique capabilities to the whole-of-government response to the  pandemic. These funds will support the deployment of the USNS Mercy  hospital ship to Los Angeles and the USNS Comfort to New York,  deployments of the National Guard to support state and local response  efforts, and the expansion of military hospitals and expeditionary  hospitals. To help bolster the supply chains for medical equipment, the  bill provides $1 billion for the Defense Production Act to help  industry ramp up production of personal protective equipment,  ventilators, and other urgently needed medical supplies for federal,  state, and local health agencies.   The bill protects our veterans by ensuring the Department of Veterans  Affairs (VA) has the equipment, tests, and services necessary to  support a surge in demand and provide the additional care they need at  facilities nationwide. In particular, I am pleased the bill supports  the needs of veterans at an increased risk of infection. Funding is  included for the Health Care for Homeless Veterans Program and for  keeping veterans within VA-run nursing homes and community living  centers safe from the coronavirus.   This is not our last legislative effort to help our Nation and the  people we represent. I have already begun conversations with our local  leaders and with my colleagues in Congress about what will be in our  next relief package. We will get through this together.   