 Mr. President, I am sure you and I and all the Members of  this body remember that night in late March. It was late at night. I  remember standing in the back of the Chamber to see one of the truly  historic votes. It was a unanimous vote of the U.S. Senate to pass the  CARES Act. It was an amazing achievement to see the Senate and the  Congress come together in that way with the White House, with the  President, to help meet the needs of the American people.   When we passed that bill back in March, September seemed a long way  away. We thought we had provided enough aid for small businesses. It  turns out we didn't. We thought we had provided enough aid for people,  unfortunately, who have fallen into unemployment through no fault of  their own but the fault of this dreaded COVID, but we didn't provide  enough.   We hoped that we had provided enough for first responders, for  schools, for healthcare professionals, for testing, and for all the  things that were necessary to get us out of this terrible pandemic. It  turns out that wasn't the case. Here we are in September facing a  renewed version of this virus that is now spreading in parts of the  country that weren't affected back in March.   I want to address, No. 1, that we must do something. We have to  respond to the needs of the American people just as we did in March. I  don't understand why this time it seems to be a partisan issue; why  this time we can't have the same spirit that we had then of  negotiation, of give and take, of compromise to reach a bill that all  realize now was a really significant accomplishment.   For some reason, now it just seems to be much harder. I understand  the concern about the debt and the deficit. I used to be a Governor. I  know about balancing budgets. States have to balance their budgets, but  now is not the time. If we don't take further action to shore up the  economy and protect the  [[Page S5697]]  people who are being impacted by this, the fiscal cost in the long run  will be worse. The revival of the economy will take longer. The cost to  the Treasury will be greater than what we are proposing to spend now.   I believe and I hope that we are moving slowly toward some kind of  agreement that will allow us to provide the support to the American  people and the American economy that will make such a difference in how  we are able to cope with this terrible disease over the next several  months--at least through the end of the year. That is really the  mission that is before us.   The Democrats made a proposal back in May. They passed the Heroes Act  of over $3 trillion. They have moved. The Speaker and the minority  leader here have moved $1 trillion. They made a counteroffer a few  weeks ago of about $2 trillion. The White House apparently, over the  last couple of days, has said we are now talking about something at  $1.5 trillion to $2 trillion as a solution. The parties are moving, and  I hope today that they will continue to discuss and that the table will  have people sitting at it trying to find a solution. I think there is  hope that we can do that.   I deeply hope that we can come to an agreement. Schools across the  country are seeing, unbelievably, additional expenditures in all areas  to try to get back to normal, to try to get back into the classroom. If  they are going to do that, they need more buses. They are going to need  more teachers. They are going to need more people. They are going to  need more cleaning materials. They are going to need all kinds of  additional expenditures they weren't anticipating.   Small businesses are continuing to teeter. I hear awful stories about  small businesses that between now and the end of the year are in danger  of closing their doors forever. That would be a tragedy for our  country.   We are continuing to see people lose their jobs. We are continuing to  see people on unemployment. We are continuing to see people who can't  put food on the table because the aid that we provided in the CARES Act  in March ran out at the end of July   I am urging, No. 1, discussions. That is pretty obvious. I hope that  the representatives of the two parties and representatives of the White  House can come together and reach an agreement. Part of this agreement  has to contain within it support for States, towns, and cities. They  are suffering, too, and they are providing the very services that the  people need in this pandemic.   States can't borrow money the way we can. They have to balance their  budget on a year-to-year basis. If they are being clobbered by the  effects of this disease, not only in expenditures but in loss of  revenues, they only have two choices. I have been there. They only have  two choices. One is drastic cuts, and the other is raising taxes,  neither of which is an acceptable alternative in the midst of a  recession, and neither of which makes any sense for the American  people. They have either to cut or raise taxes. Those aren't good  options.   By the way, I can only speak for the Maine budget. I don't know how  other State budgets work. But in Maine about one-third of our budget-- between 25 percent and 35 percent of our State budget--goes back to our  communities. It goes to the capital city of Augusta, makes a U-turn,  and goes back into the towns and cities across Maine, mostly in the  form of general-purpose aid to education, also in the form of revenue  sharing, and in other kinds of grants and contracts.   When we talk about the State, it sounds like we are talking about  these big, impersonal entities, but we are really talking about towns-- small towns--and school districts. That is where a lot of this impact  is going to fall.   It is a double-edged sword that cuts both ways. It is hurting  people--the people who are being laid off, the people who are going to  have to be laid off, whether they are in a town or city, a county or  the State. That hurts the economy. Those are people who are buying  things in the stores, going to restaurants, and going to grocery  stores. They are going to places to buy clothes, and if they can't do  that, then, the entire economy is pulled down.   If we don't help the States and the cities and towns in this  situation, the estimates are that it is going to hit GDP by 2 to 3  percent. That is huge. That is a huge economic loss that is going to  translate into a fiscal loss for us and a tragic loss for the American  people.   The estimate in Maine is a $1.4 billion shortfall of our State budget  over the next 3 years--a half-billion dollars in this fiscal year that  we are in right now.   Towns and cities across Maine are already starting to furlough first  responders. Who is it that works for the towns? Who is it that works  for the cities? Police and fire are the biggest components. They are  not hiring people. I think we need to face the fact that those who are  opposing aid to our cities and towns are the people who are defunding  the police. That is who is defunding the police because their budgets  are going to be cut if they don't get some assistance from this body  and this government.   Let's be real. Let's talk about facts. Let's talk about the real  impact of our lack of attention to this issue. This is a personal  tragedy for these families, and it is one more blow to the economy.   By the way, this is not a blue State issue. Here are some States  whose budgets have been hit by more than 10 percent by the loss of  revenues caused by the COVID: Alaska, which is not much of a blue  State; Indiana; Kansas; Kentucky; Montana; Oklahoma; and Iowa. Those  States are hurting, too. This blue State-red State stuff bothers me.   I don't know how many emergency appropriations for natural disasters,  wildfires, floods, and hurricanes I have voted for. It never occurred  to me to ask what color the State was. It never occurred to me. We are  a community. This is one country. I don't ask how Florida voted if  there is a hurricane that strikes that State or Georgia or Alabama,  which is being hit right now. If they need help, we should provide it.   But what we are seeing now is a slow-motion fiscal hurricane that is  hitting many, if not all, of the States of the United States. We should  come together and help them. As for this business about that, well, we  don't want to bail out somebody's pension program, look, this is an  easy calculation. The Treasury Department is capable of making the  calculation. What were your revenues last year? What were your  projections before COVID? What is the difference? That is what we are  talking about.    Make no mistake, we are talking about real, concrete, on-the-ground  losses of jobs and losses of the services that those jobs provide.  Whether they are public health workers, first responders, firefighters,  or police--yes, police--they are who are being impacted here, and it is  we as citizens who are the customers of those services who need the  protection and who need the services they provide. They are who are  being hurt.   I hope that we can come to an agreement and that we can get over this  nonsense that this is somehow a blue State-red State thing and that we  are bailing out States that were not prudent. I am tired of hearing  that. We are talking about people's lives here. We are talking about  the protection of public services. We are talking about teaching our  kids. We are talking about people who are providing the basic  protections that we all take for granted in our daily lives.   Really, I have two simple messages: One, let's make a deal. Two, that  deal should include support for those people and institutions in our  States, in our cities, and in our smallest towns so that they will have  the wherewithal to be able to help us all get through this thing  together. That is what this is all about, and those are the people on  the ground who are helping us get through this together.   We can do this. We proved in March that we could do it. I think we  must and can and will do it again.   I yield the floor.   