 Mr. President, there is a Cold War-era quote, attributed to  Winston Churchill, that ``in a democracy, a knock on the door in the  early morning is the milkman.''   In the United States, we are not supposed to fear a knock on our  front door. If the police do knock on our door, we expect them to come  at a reasonable hour and to respond to criminal activity with the  professionalism befitting the peace officers they are.   Those are the expectations of a free people, proud of its history and  tradition of separating the roles between civilian law enforcement  agencies and the Armed Forces--one is to keep the peace within its  community, the other is to destroy foreign adversaries.   By keeping those roles separate, Americans have historically built  and sustained a strong bond of trust with their police officers. But,  for years, the war on crime and the misguided war on drugs has looked a  lot like the war on terror.   Throughout our country, due to the Department of Defense's 1033  Program, law enforcement is equipped with the tools of the U.S.  military, which has predictably resulted in the continued decline of  the relationship between the police and those they serve.   Perhaps we should discuss the kinds of machinery provided to local  police departments.   The 1033 Program provided to the sleepy New England town of Keene,  NH, a Ballistic Engineered Armored Response Counter Attack Truck,  otherwise known as a Bearcat.   That might sound menacing, but it is nothing compared to what the  Department of Defense provided to Columbia, SC: a mine-resistant war  truck, equipped with a machine gun.   These examples are by no means unique. Between 2006 and 2014, the  Department of Defense transferred over $1.5 billion worth of equipment,  including over 600 mine-resistant ambush protected vehicles, 79,288  assault rifles, 205 grenade launchers, and 11,959 bayonets to civilian  police departments. These are not the tools of peace officers. These  are weapons uniquely designed to crush an enemy army.   Mr. President, there has emerged a consensus that we have turned our  back on our own principles and blurred the lines between civilian law  enforcement and soldiers of war.   And we know that because the Inhofe amendment concedes as much. By  limiting the types of weapons that can be transferred, such as bayonets  and grenades, the Inhofe amendment acknowledges that there are at least  some military-grade weapons that should not be turned on the streets of  America's communities.  [[Page S4320]]    But, despite that major and very welcome concession, the Inhofe  amendment contains a very telling blind spot. It focuses almost  exclusively on weaponry and not the true issue here, the importance of  trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve.   The Inhofe amendment takes as a given that the transfers of military  surplus equipment are between the law enforcement agencies, the DOD,  and no one else.   The Schatz-Paul amendment takes a different approach by ensuring that  communities are notified of requests and transfers, by posting notices  throughout the community and on a public website, as well as community  participation by ensuring that a jurisdiction's governing body approves  of the transfers. And the Schatz-Paul amendment provides enforcement  mechanisms to combat police militarization.   Mr. President, the police have a very difficult job and serve a  critical function. Without the rule of law, a civilized society cannot  exist. We cannot take the police for granted. They are brave citizens,  and they deserve our gratitude.   That is the core of the Schatz-Paul amendment. Our amendment takes  seriously the idea that the cops on the beat can only do their job well  when they are well known to their neighbors and trusted by their  communities.   By providing the Federal Government and local citizens a role in  evaluating what tools should be available to civilian police forces,  the Schatz-Paul amendment will help build the relationship between law  enforcement, their communities, and, in turn, make our citizens, our  police, and our neighborhoods safer.   I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the Schatz-Paul amendment.   