 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I  appreciate the time and consideration of amendment No. 8, a combination  of the Grand Canyon Centennial Protection Act and my good friend   Joe  Neguse's Colorado Outdoor Recreation and Economy Act.   These bills have already passed the House with bipartisan votes, and  they deserve a place in this year's National Defense Authorization Act.   We have worked hard as a committee, as you noticed from the bills  that were presented today, to try to prioritize conservation and  climate resiliency and protect some very special landscapes.   In addition to supporting a multibillion-dollar recreation economy,  conservation of public land is our first line of defense in responding  to climate change and, in the question of the Grand Canyon, protecting  the water supply for 40 million Americans, businesses, and industry.   In the case of the Grand Canyon, too, ending the toxic legacy of  uranium mining is truly a matter of life and death. Uranium mines  across the Southwest pollute our water and endanger our communities and  our health. Despite constant and empty assurances and promises,  hundreds of these sites are still waiting to be cleaned up,  particularly those mines that impact Tribal communities.   Opponents of this amendment claim that the permanent protections in  the Grand Canyon will impact our national security. This is a patent  falsehood and distraction. The Grand Canyon region holds less than 1  percent of known U.S. uranium reserves, hardly an abundance and hardly  an amount we cannot find elsewhere.   The Department of Energy reported to Congress that they have enough  uranium stockpiled to meet all critical uranium needs, including  weapons, maintenance, Naval propulsion, and mutual defense obligations,  through 2060.   Unfortunately, despite there being no reason to mine the national  treasure, the temporary protections put in place by the previous  administration are under attack by this administration and his industry  cronies. This is not about the bottom line of some foreign mining  company. This is about American lives, and we should not sacrifice the  Grand Canyon as expendable or a price of doing business.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the amendment.   