 Madam President, in just a few moments, we will vote  on the nomination of Nathan Simington to be a member of the Federal  Communications Commission. We will do so in the middle of a pandemic  when this agency is of more importance than ever to students,  businesses, and families who are vitally dependent on broadband, on the  consumer protection that this agency provides, and to net neutrality,  which is a vital issue for them and for our country.   ``Nathan Simington'' is not exactly a household word, but his name  and his presence on the FCC will have important meaning to households  around the Nation; nor is the ``FCC'' a household word, but it, too,  affects literally hundreds of millions of households. The FCC will have  an increasingly important role in this Nation as we conquer the  pandemic and deal with the economic crisis that faces this Nation.   There are 15 to 16 million students who are locked out of the  internet because of the unavailability of broadband connectivity or  devices that make the internet real in their lives. The FCC is the key  to their participating in schools, and it is the key to businesses  being able to communicate with customers. The FCC is at the crossroads  of making rights real. Nathan Simington is dangerous to those rights  and to the FCC at this moment in history.   Why is he the nominee? The answer is that the current FCC  Commissioner, Michael O'Rielly, was originally nominated for another  term, and the Commerce Committee even held a vote for him in July. Yet,  after Twitter and Facebook had the temerity to label Donald Trump's  misinformation about voting and COVID-19, the President issued an  Executive order that had the simple purpose of retaliating against  these social media platforms. The President, in effect, demanded that  the FCC revise section 230 of the Communications Decency Act in order  to punish those companies for the mild inconvenience of a fact check.  They didn't take down his posts; they said they needed to fact check  them.   Commissioner O'Rielly recognized the dangers and the potential  illegality of the President's Executive order. Again, he had the  temerity to speak up and tell the American public on C-SPAN that he had  ``deep reservations'' if they, meaning Congress, ``provided any  additional authority for the FCC in this matter.'' In a later speech,  he appeared to challenge the order on First Amendment grounds, which it  well-deserved, in fact, because it potentially violated the First  Amendment.   Despite years of a pristine record of Republican positions, this  objection now was disqualifying to Commissioner O'Rielly in the view of  the White House. The President pulled his nomination and substituted  Mr. Simington, who was well qualified, for he had auditioned for the  role of doing the President's bidding. We know Mr. Simington tried to  pressure the FCC to cave in to the White House and to rightwing media  outlets on this very issue, section 230. It is an unprecedented assault  on the integrity and independence of the FCC, and he was clearly the  White House's wingman on this issue.   Very simply, Nathan Simington is the wrong person and is clearly the  wrong person at the wrong time for the FCC. He is unprepared and  unqualified. Last month, before the Senate Commerce Committee, he was  asked about his plan for the FCC. He couldn't provide one single  measure for which he would advocate. He couldn't answer even basic  questions from Democrats and Republicans. His answers were inadequate,  incomplete, and evasive. I asked him again, in the questions for the  record, to say three steps that he would take to provide and prepare  for those millions of students who are out of the classroom and lack  connectivity to the internet, which now is like lacking connection to  the classroom. A student without that connectivity is, in effect,  barred from the classroom. He  [[Page S7265]]  couldn't provide one meaningful response or step, even in writing, and  that is plainly alarming. It should be disqualifying.   This nomination, though, is dangerous on more than any single issue  because it threatens the independence and political integrity of the  FCC. The political independence and integrity of the FCC depend on its  balance. Normally, nominations are paired politically to reflect the  bipartisan balance of the agency. What we will have at the FCC now is  potential gridlock.   One month ago, voters overwhelmingly elected a new President, and he  has promised to close the homework gap, the digital divide, to  reinstate net neutrality, and to renew our commitment to consumer  protection. This nomination threatens all of those goals for a new  administration. In fact, the Senate has traditionally moved these  nominations in bipartisan pairs, which is lacking here. In fact, it is  contradicted by this nomination.   I think the purpose of confirming this nominee, very simply, is to  deadlock the Commission and undermine the President-elect's ability to  achieve the mandate the American people have given him and his  administration in going forward. That may be what the giant  telecommunications industry wants. It may be what the media companies  hope to achieve--an FCC that is absent or neutralized, an FCC that is  gridlocked and dysfunctional. I hope it is not the result of this  nomination if he is confirmed, but my fear is that it will be, and if  it is, this body bears a responsibility.   I urge my colleagues to vote against this nominee for the sake of  those 16 million students who are now lacking in having a connection to  the internet. That connectivity is essential to their lives and their  educational progress. I urge this body to vote against him because he  is dangerous to an agency that is supposed to be independent and above  politics   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   