 Madam President, it is pretty obvious that my Republican  colleagues think that the Presiding Officer is going to lose her race  and a number of incumbent Senators are going to  [[Page S5621]]  lose their races and because it looks like there is going to be a  Democratic President and a Democratic Senate and Democratic House, all  of a sudden my far-right colleagues are concerned about the national  deficit and the national debt.   In President Trump's second year in office, Congress passed a bill  that provided about $1.5 trillion in tax cuts. Between 70 and 80  percent of the tax cuts went to the richest 1 percent of the people in  this country. It pushed the national debt into a whole new  stratosphere. It took money we were going to use to build  infrastructure--highways, bridges, water and sewer systems--and just  ignored that plan. And now all of a sudden my colleagues are interested  in the national debt--not when the Republicans are in control; they  want to give more and more and more tax cuts. But when Democrats are in  control, Democrats want to invest in infrastructure; Democrats want to  save this economy right now, including providing $600 a week for  unemployed workers--680,000 of them in my State, close to 400,000 of  them in the Presiding Officer's State--Democrats want to invest in  infrastructure and job training and protecting Medicare and Social  Security. But now that Republicans think they are going to lose, it is  all about the national debt and doing nothing to help workers right  now.   I want to talk today specifically about workers and how this  President and all the President's enablers--and they are enablers. My  Republican colleagues don't even speak up when the President so  dishonors our fallen soldiers. They don't speak up when the President  has clearly lied, his own words, about the coronavirus--lied to the  American people after he was taped, in his own words, by a former  reporter and absolutely failed to speak up about workers   Every day we live with the horrific consequences of leadership  failures in this country. So many Americans have lost jobs; they have  lost small businesses; they have lost their sense of security; and they  have lost much of their faith in their own government; and in nearly  200,000 American families, they have lost a loved one. All because  President Trump and his enablers here--all because President Trump has  failed to get this pandemic under control, he has failed to protect  American workers.   A few weeks ago, I was talking to a woman in Cincinnati. I was  actually home; it was a remote call. She is a grocery store worker. She  said: You know, they call me essential, but I don't feel essential. I  feel expendable because they pay me so little, and they do so little to  keep me safe at work.   President Trump's administration, get this, has gotten 8,000--8,000,  8-0-0-0--complaints about unsafe workplaces since the start of this  pandemic. We know how many busdrivers have died. We know how many  grocery store workers have died. We know how many meatpacking plant  workers have died. We know how many hospital workers have died--not  just nurses and doctors, and we grieve for them and their families and  applaud and are so grateful for their service--but it is orderlies who  have died also, and the people who change the bed sheets and change the  linens in the hospitals have died.   The President has gotten 8,000 complaints about unsafe workplaces.  This summer, we had President Trump's corporate lawyer, Secretary of  Labor Scalia, before the Finance Committee. When I say ``corporate  lawyer,'' I mean corporate lawyer. He represents the President in the  Department of Labor. As a corporate lawyer, when there is a fork in the  road, do I support workers or do I support corporate interests? Every  single time he goes with corporate interests.   It is not a surprise because the Secretary of Labor used to be a  corporate lawyer who made millions and millions of dollars representing  corporations against workers. That is the kind of person the President  picked--if that doesn't tell you a whole lot about President Trump's  betrayal of workers.   He appointed the Secretary of Labor, somebody who always has  represented corporations, making millions of dollars against workers.  So what is he going to do as Secretary of Labor? He is going to do what  the President wants him to do. He is going to support corporate  interests against workers.   I asked Secretary Scalia in the Finance Committee, out of the  thousands of workers who have come to you for help, how many in-person  inspections have you done? Thousands of workers have come to him for  help. How many inspections of workplaces have they done? Zero--zero in  Atlanta; zero in Savannah; zero in Griffin, GA; zero in Covington, GA;  zero in Mansfield, GA; zero in Stone Mountain, GA; zero in Ohio.   I don't know the Presiding Officer very well, but she took an oath to  represent her State, as I took an oath to represent my State. And one  of the things we do is fight--should fight for everyday people, for  workers.   This Secretary of Labor had done zero--zero inspections after 6  months of Americans reporting to work in a pandemic, and there were  over 8,000 complaints--8,000 complaints from workers saying that my  workplace is not safe.   There is a pandemic. Zero inspections. Do you know what? Not one  Republican member of the Finance Committee--not one Republican Senator  on the Finance Committee--spoke up and pushed Secretary Scalia to do  inspections or to look out for workers. Why? Because it would have made  the President of the United States unhappy if a Republican Senator had  questioned what the President of the United States does.   They don't question him when he insults our soldiers who have died.  They don't question him when he lies to the American public about the  pandemic. They don't question him when he fails his leadership role to  protect workers.   Zero inspections--6 months, 8,000 complaints. Zero inspections to  make sure corporations are giving workers the protective equipment and  the other safety protocols they need.   I demanded that Secretary Scalia, at this hearing, follow up and tell  us about any inspections they conducted and what the results of those  inspections were. He said he couldn't get that information. He is the  Secretary of Labor; I am not.   Guess how many fines they have issued. Five--five fines. As far as we  know, President Trump's administration has only issued 5 fines out of  more than 8,000 workers complaining that their employers are failing to  protect them.   Last week--a notable week for the Trump administration--they did  something about workers, but listen to what they did. They fined  Smithfield. Smithfield is a multibillion-dollar company owned by the  Chinese Communist Party. They fined Smithfield $13,000, after 1,300  workers got sick at just 1 plant in South Dakota, and 4 people died.   Let's do the math: $13,000 fine, 1,300 workers got sick. That is $10  a worker. They fined this multibillion-dollar company, owned by the  Chinese Communist Party in the United States, in South Dakota--they  fined this company $10 per infected worker, a multibillion-dollar  corporation.   The idea that $10 a worker will stop these guys from continuing to  abuse their workers is absurd. Do you know what? Every other corporate  leader around the country heard: Oh, my gosh. President Trump is on our  side. He is on our side every single time. President Trump is on our  side when it comes to a complaint from a worker, so we don't have to  worry about making our workers safe because we know the President of  the United States might fine us $10 per every sick worker.   One-third of the workers at this plant got sick--one-third of the  workers. They were not putting all the money they make--the billions of  dollars that they pull out of South Dakota, this company, and send  those dollars, probably electronically, I guess not by boat, to the  Communist Party in China. All those dollars they take out of that  plant, and they can't put any of those dollars to invest in protecting  workers to make their companies successful.   President Trump could crack down on these corporations. He is not  going to do that. He comes from corporate America. He inherited  billions of dollars. He has had a lot of personal bankruptcies. Forget  about that. He is on their side. Politics, government--it is about  whose side you are on. Are you on the President's side every single  time, no matter what he does? Are you on corporations' side every  single time, no matter what they do? No matter  [[Page S5622]]  how many workers get sick, no matter how many workers they kill, it is  on their watch--no matter how many workers they kill, you are going to  be on the corporation's side every single time? And the answer in  Trump's America is yes.   Instead, he could mobilize workers. He could mobilize American  manufacturers to get every American worker the masks and protective  equipment they need. He could issue an OSHA temporary standard that  would provide clear, enforceable requirements for keeping workers safe.   He could stand up for workers. He campaigned on it. He could actually  stand up for workers. But he will not. It is always the same story with  this corporate President, always the same story. He wants to protect  the big guys--workers' health and workers' safety be dammed.   He campaigned in 2016, in my State--he surprised people how much he  won by in my State. He campaigned by promising he would look out for  workers. He went all over Ohio; he went all over the industrial  Midwest--the Great Lake States areas--telling workers he would take  care of them and would fight for them.   Now we know how much these workers' health and how much these  workers' lives mean to this President--about $10 each. He has betrayed  these workers over and over. His corporate tax cuts--Senator Thune was  talking about Democrats and taxes and the deficit in an easy-to- understand way. He betrayed these workers over and over. Corporate tax  cuts: 70 percent of the benefits went to the richest 1 percent. He took  away 100,000 Ohio workers' overtime pay. He took away overtime pay from  workers in Savannah, in LaGrange, in Newton County, and Jasper County,  GA. He took overtime pay away from my constituents in Cleveland and  Mansfield and Shelby and Chillicothe.   He stacks the courts with corporate lawyers. Those lawyers--now  judges--will always decide for corporate interests against workers'  interests.   He launched a boycott against Goodyear, a unionized tire-making plant  headquartered in Akron--one of the greatest companies in our State and  one of the most renowned, iconic companies--because somebody made a  statement about one of his ``Make America Great'' hats. He launched a  boycott costing who knows how many jobs in that company.   He has betrayed workers by his failure to fight for autoworkers and  their jobs. He promised workers in Lordstown, OH: Don't sell your  homes. This plant may close, but don't sell your homes. We are going to  bring back these jobs.   Then he did nothing when we asked him to help, and they shut down,  costing 3,000 jobs.   Most recently, he and Senator McConnell and all their minions who  follow Senator McConnell's lead took away $600 a week in unemployment  benefits. What are those workers to do? What are those workers to do in  Georgia? What are those workers to do in Ohio? What are those workers  to do in Illinois and Delaware when their $600 a week just disappears?   I know there are a lot of wealthy people on both sides of the aisle.  There are a lot of very wealthy people here. There are millionaire  Members of the Senate. When I hear millionaire Senators and billionaire  people in the administration say that $600 a week is just too much  money--we can't give these unemployed workers that much money. That  $600 a week is too much money. They are going to get lazy. They are not  going to work.   When I hear millionaire Members of the Senate say such things, it  sickens me. That $600 a week is the reason that millions of Americans  didn't fall into poverty during this terrible, terrible recession. But  lo and behold, the administration is happy and the Republican Senators  are happy because the stock market has recovered. I know a lot of you  in this institution have a lot of money in the stock market. I won't  even get into the conflicts of interest when you own this stock and you  vote this away. Forget about that. You have a lot of money in the stock  market, so I know you are really happy. I know the Presiding Officer  and Republican Members of the Senate are really happy that the stock  market recovered in the spring. So then Donald Trump doesn't even have  to pretend to care about getting this pandemic under control.   Corporations are doing fine. Never mind the workers who are getting  sick. Never mind the essential workers. The essential workers are the  busdrivers, food service people, custodians, security people, people  who work in grocery stores and drug stores.   The essential workers--who are mostly women, disproportionately  people of color, who mostly are barely adequately paid--the essential  workers face something most of us don't: They work all day exposed to  the public. They wear masks. They are safe--most of them. They do  things safely. They work all day, and then they go home always anxious.   Madam President, imagine feeling every day when you go home that you  might have contracted coronavirus and you might pass it on to your  family. Imagine the anxiety these generally low-paid workers face every  day when they go home. We don't think about them around here because  corporations are doing fine and the stock market has recovered. The  workers go home every night worried they will affect their families.  Most of them won't; they will get along just fine.   American workers are tired of this. They are sick of this. They are  tired of the empty promises. They are tired of the betrayals. They are  tired of feeling like no one in this government, in this Senate, in  this White House is on their side.   If all of you would--could actually lead when the President doesn't,  we could pass a bill issuing an OSHA--Occupational Safety and Health  Administration--temporary standard, protecting people. We could issue a  temporary standard to protect people on the job. We could pass pandemic  pay. That is what the House of Representatives down the hall did.   When the House of Representatives passed their bill and they took  that bill down the hall and put it in Senator McConnell's office there,  I guess that bill got lost. One of the things that bill did have was  pandemic premium pay. If you are one of those workers--I know this  amount of money doesn't mean much to the Presiding Officer or most of  my Senate colleagues, but they would get up to $10,000 pandemic pay  because they expose themselves in the workplaces--essential workers--to  this illness. It would actually pay these essential workers for putting  their health and their lives on the line to serve us.   It is time for us to step up. If you love this country, it is time we  fought for the people who make it work. It is time we fought for the  people who make this country work. Instead of always siding with U.S.  corporations and with the wealthiest people in this society, it is time  we decide in this body to actually fight for workers    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   