 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I thank the  chairman for organizing this opportunity for those of us who served  with John on the Ways and Means Committee to be able to come together  as a committee and mourn him.   I have to say sitting here for the last hour or so and listening to  all of my colleagues share their remembrances about John Lewis and just  how special he was to them has truly been one of the best hours that I  have spent on the House floor, and it has just been beautiful to listen  to. I think it is a side of Congress that people rarely get to see, and  I think we would be better off, all of us would be better off, if we  were able to do this more.  [[Page H3973]]    When I hear the name John Lewis, obviously, this is one of the great  American heroes in history, but that is not the first thing I think of.   When he comes to mind, the first thing I think of was just what a  kind and quiet and humble and gentle man he was, always so nice to me  from my very first day as a freshman, when I heard a voice behind me  that said, ``Young man, is this seat taken?'' And I looked to the side  of me and it was John Lewis, and I couldn't even speak.   He was just always that person to everyone. And, to me, that is a  great lesson that should inspire us all to be better people.   I also believe, as a matter of faith, that I don't think it was an  accident or a coincidence that the Lord called him home at this time  during this summer of crisis in our Nation.   America has not quite become. We are constantly in the act of  becoming. America is a nation born not of a race or a tribe, but out of  ideas, a commitment to ideals. Someone who firmly believed that with  every fiber of his being to deep in his soul was John Lewis. And  throughout this year, and at this time, I know there are many in our  society who are questioning the future of America, as it seems like we  are coming apart at the seams.   Well, let's listen to the voice again of John Lewis, someone who  never lost his faith and his optimism in this country, what it stands  for, what it is called to be, and what he truly believed it will be. He  gave his blood for this cause. He lived his life for it. And let him  continue to be an example for all of us today.   