 Mr. Speaker, Madam Chair, and Madam Ranking Member, this  could be a good bill, but there are some provisions that shouldn't be  in it that were put in it.   One is ANWR, which we passed in this House 13 times with help from  both sides, open an Arctic wildlife range. There is a provision here to  prohibit that.   There is also a provision not to repeal the roadless area in the  Tongass National Forest.   There is a provision about not allowing the State of Alaska to  control the fishing and hunting rights of the State of Alaska on  Federal lands, as it is now.   You know, I resent it. To allow other Members of Congress to come  into your district or my district and tell us how we should represent  them, this is not the way to do business. This is the House of the  people, as representatives of the people, duly-elected from each  constituent.   Everyone that I know of in my State opposes these riders and these  amendments. But for some reason, there is a group that say, ``Oh, we  know better than the people,'' the Congressmen. We know what is best  for us, and it is not their district.   The Tongass, for instance, is an area of 16 million acres of land.  Prohibiting harvesting timber or access because of the roadless  definition of the Obama administration is wrong. We have harvested less  than 400 acres of that whole total 16 million acres of land. We are not  asking to harvest that, but we want access for communities. And there  are other parts of our State, lands within that forestland, but this  provision, this rider, would preclude that. That is not representation  from a Congress of the people.   I have watched this body now in 48 years dissolve into what I call an  adversarial position on both sides by label. That is not  representation. These riders shouldn't be in here. These amendments  should not be accepted if you believe in the House of Congress for the  people of America. If you don't believe that, maybe we ought to set up  a different system. These should not be in this bill.   The bill, overall, is not a bad bill. I think it is pretty good. In  fact, there are some good things in there for Alaska. But you had to  let these little mice come into the barn and eat the grain and leave  residue behind.   I am making a suggestion. When you write these bills, be very careful  what you allow to be put in the bills that don't apply to the bill and,  in fact, are personal interests not only from those Congressmen that  submitted them but wrong for the State of Alaska.   