 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for  convening us to commemorate this 155th anniversary of the ratification  of our 13th Amendment.   It is difficult sometimes for many of us to look back at history  because it was so painful, but it is important so that we understand  where we are and how we got here.   The enslavement of the Negro, the extermination of the Indian, the  annexation of the Hispanic made, in many respects, the birth of our  Republic an iniquitous conception. It was conceived under the concept  that White men were superior to Black men and, therefore, entitled to  oppress them, harass them, and, if necessary, destroy them.   We all talk about, as has been mentioned here today, the words of the  Declaration of Independence and how this is a nation that believes that  all men and women are created equal and that we are endowed by our  Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among those shall be  life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.   But the great historian John Hope Franklin reminded us that, many  years after those words were written, we still existed in a society  where slavery was the order of the day. In fact, it was the great  historian John Hope Franklin who referred to it as the great evil  institution of American servitude.   It would be the 13th Amendment that would, to a large extent, end  that and give us what we are celebrating here today.  [[Page H6896]]    But even after Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation, it was  still several years before we got to the 13th Amendment, which ended  slavery; the 14th Amendment, which guaranteed citizenship and due  process; and then the 15th Amendment, which gave us and ratified for us  the right to vote.   I think that, without a doubt, when we look back on all that has  happened, particularly considering how we got here, that this  commemoration is important. It is overdue. It ought to be an annual  celebration.   I, again, thank the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina for  convening us.   