 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, tomorrow, the Bureau of Labor will  publish its monthly jobs report for April. Some experts are projecting  that it could show well over 20 million job losses in the past 4 weeks.  The preliminary report today suggests that there  [[Page S2301]]  will be over 30 million newly unemployed Americans over the past 7  weeks. That is a tenth--1 out of 10 people--losing their job. A tenth  of our population.   We are looking at what seems to be the worst economic crisis since  the Great Depression. Small businesses have shuttered. Some larger  businesses have filed for bankruptcy. Millions of workers, through no  fault of their own, are being laid off or furloughed or are losing  their paychecks. They are worried about keeping their homes, feeding  their kids, accessing healthcare.   Once this crisis is over, we can't snap our fingers and have  everything return to normal. Twenty to 30 million newly unemployed  Americans will not immediately return to their old jobs. Hopefully,  many can, but many jobs just will not be there.   The disease has washed over our Nation like a flood. Once the waters  have receded, there will be a great deal of damage left in its wake. We  need a big, bold answer to this. We need to marshal a broader spirit of  action. The American people need an active, engaged, and forceful  government to lift them up and carry them through these dark times.   Speaker Pelosi and I are working on a big, bold plan that will deal  with the magnitude of the problem.   So I am appalled today that Republican congressional leaders and  President Trump are saying that we should delay more assistance to the  American people.   A week ago, the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, said that we  need ``to push the pause button.''   Tell that to someone who is losing his job. Tell that to someone who  has worked so hard to create a small business over decades and sees it  falling apart. Tell that to the family who has a member that is sick  with COVID or something else and can't get adequate healthcare.   To say that we should wait and see what is happening, as Leader  McConnell has said, that maybe we don't need to do anything more is  ignoring what is going on around us.   Over 30 million are unemployed, and certain Republican leaders are  saying: Let's hit the pause button on future government support.   The Republican leader of this Chamber called us back into session,  despite the obvious health risks, not to consider new relief or respond  to the COVID pandemic but to process nominations. He has been coming to  the floor, drawing redlines in the sand, pledging not to support  another emergency relief bill unless it extends legal immunity to big  corporations.   Today, he gave a very long speech on national security. Now, that is  very important, but the No. 1 immediate crisis facing us is COVID, and  this speech was sort of a metaphor for what Senate Republicans are  doing this week on COVID--virtually nothing.   Senator Cardin and I and Senator Shaheen went to the floor and simply  asked for a simple bill to pass that would require accountability in  PPP, and it was blocked by the majority. So this is just amazing.   There has been large support in Congress to stabilize the big  financial markets, support larger industries, and keep capital markets  from crashing. There will be $4 trillion available when the Fed and  Treasury are through with it. We must do the same, if not more, for  average people--workers, families. The contrast is glaring. The  contrast is glaring.   Larger companies know they have a floor. The big markets know they  have a floor. An unemployed worker has no floor until we do things for  them like we did for pandemic unemployment insurance.   There are many more people, average Americans, who need the same kind  of help or a greater degree of help, or a different kind of help, and  many of these average folks are in worse shape.   Democrats have strived to make as much of our congressional relief  effort flow to workers and average American families--as much as  possible. It is still not enough. State and local governments--that  means teachers, firefighters, police officers, and busdrivers who might  be laid off--still need help. Our essential workers deserve hazard pay.  Minority-owned and women-owned businesses still need more access to  lending. Renters and homeowners need relief. And millions of working  people need enhanced nutrition benefits, as thousands and thousands of  people are overwhelming our local food banks.   But now that assistance to big industries has gone out the door,  Republican leaders are saying: Let's wait and see.   The unemployed worker doesn't want to wait and see. The small  business that might go under doesn't want to wait and see. The mom or  dad who needs to feed their hungry children does not want to wait and  see, like our Republican leaders seem to. Now is not the time to wait  and see. Now is the time to move forward.    Our history is replete with examples of what happens when the Federal  Government doesn't rise to the occasion in a time of national  emergency. In the early days of the Great Depression, President Herbert  Hoover was reluctant to use national resources to combat a national  crisis. His failure to act contributed to the length and severity of  the depression.   If our Republican colleagues, if President Trump, respond with the  same timidity as President Hoover did, I fear the Nation could suffer  the same consequences as it did in the past, and many economists agree.  If we do nothing more, like some of our Republican colleagues seem to  feel we should, a good number of economists believe we will have our  second Great Depression--Herbert Hoover redux on the Republican side  when President Trump, Leader McConnell, and Leader McCarthy say: Let's  wait and see.   Republicans weren't worried about the deficit when we spent billions  to keep big businesses from folding, but all of a sudden they are  worried about it when we are talking about families keeping the roofs  over their heads and putting food on the table. We need a fourth  congressional relief bill that mirrors the size and ambition of our  previous relief efforts. Working people and truly small businesses are  taking the blunt effects of this crisis on the chin, and we cannot-- cannot--and must not leave them behind.   Now, there are plenty of things the Federal Government can do in the  interim, even before another round of legislation in Congress. I want  to mention one idea this morning. There are many more.   Several big, publicly traded companies that have received small  business loans have started sheepishly returning the money to the  Treasury Department--rightly so. Many have much greater access to other  capital than true small businesses, and they shouldn't crowd out the  lending of those small businesses that truly need it. Secretary Mnuchin  has told me that roughly $10 billion in loans have been paid off or  returned by these large companies. Ten billion dollars happens to be  the same amount we have asked the Treasury Department to set aside  exclusively for lending by community development financial institutions  and minority deposit institutions.   So this morning I would like to urge the Treasury Department to  immediately set aside the money being returned by big, publicly traded  companies in the PPP for loans to businesses that are truly small--the  very small businesses with under 10 employees and other underserved,  rural, minority-owned and women-owned businesses. Too many big  companies rushed in to secure small business lending in the early days  of the PPP program, while smaller businesses were shut out. The  administration should have been far more careful about who got the  lending and put out much stronger guidance to the banks in the early  days, something I believe they are trying to correct now.   We can begin to right those disparities if Treasury would simply  redirect--redirect--the returned loans to truly small and underserved  businesses using community-based lenders. I hope Secretary Mnuchin will  agree to this.   Another issue that cannot wait for another bill, of course, is  testing. Testing is the key to finally defeating this disease, and it  is the key to safely reopening the country.   President Trump promised on March 6--his words: ``Anybody that wants  a test can get a test.'' That was President Trump 2 months ago. It is  still not even close to being true. President Trump seems to think that  by saying something, it happens. By saying it is a hoax, he thinks it  was a hoax. By saying it is going to go away, he thinks it would go  away. This COVID virus does not listen to President Trump's cheery and  false words, unfortunately.  [[Page S2302]]    President Trump, when it comes to testing, what is the plan? Where  are the tests?   Countries like South Korea and Germany, New Zealand and Australia  were able to flatten the curve much more quickly than we have by  rigorously testing their populations, contact tracing, and isolating  confirmed cases.   But as the coronavirus spread initially, unfortunately, the United  States lagged far behind these other countries. Some experts believe we  need to have at least 2 million tests a day. Today we are testing less  than 300,000.   For the administration to pressure States and businesses to reopen  without a plan for a dramatic increase in testing is like sending them  out of the door with a blindfold on. It is dangerous.   Congress has required the administration to produce a national  strategy on testing by May 24. Instead of wasting energy praising his  own performance and lashing out at supposed enemies, the President  should roll up his sleeves and get to work on testing. The patience of  the American people is wearing very, very thin   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   