 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Smith for yielding.   First of all, let me acknowledge the gentleman's tireless work on  behalf of human rights, justice, and human dignity. The gentleman is  authentically the conscience of this Congress, and I am so grateful for  his leadership and deep friendship.   Mr. Speaker, as you walk down this aisle as I just did, if you will  notice this beautiful rostrum in this well where we speak, along the  sides of the rostrum here are a couple of words. They express the  deepest, noble sentiments of what it means to be an American: union,  justice and peace. But there is another word that is often overlooked  and it is right here. It says: ``Tolerance.''   We are living in a very interesting age. We are living, in a certain  sense, in a divided age. We seem to be struggling with our narrative as  a nation, particularly politically. But something beautiful is  happening.   There is a new momentum among this new generation that is coming up  that is wrestling with these deeper questions as to how you build a  more just nation; how you include people who have been left out. How do  you struggle for peace? How do you find authentic freedom, liberty?   Tolerance creates the space for protection of that sacred space of  conscience, of deliberation that we have in this body that is built  upon a fundamental foundation of life: the protection of the ideals of  life.   We cannot say that we are going to include everybody and celebrate  diversity except for them, the littlest ones, the smallest ones, the  most vulnerable ones, the unborn child and the mothers that carried  them in their womb. We have to do better.   The young people cannot reconcile this paradox. They can't. That is  why tens of thousands of them are going to come here next week--and a  number of them are from my home State of Nebraska, and I am very proud  of them--and they are going to do the American thing. They are going to  exercise their civil rights for the noblest of sentiments; namely,  tolerance for the most innocent, for the most vulnerable.   They are going to say to us who are older, who have to shepherd this  Nation: Please, please open your hearts and minds. We have to do  better. We must do better.   No matter how deep the problem, no matter how severe the  circumstance, we should be loving enough, caring enough, big enough,  and we certainly have resources enough to be a community that cares and  loves and helps no matter how difficult the circumstances.   