 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, successful prisoner reentry into society is critical  to reducing recidivism, improving public safety, and saving taxpayer  dollars.   We have seen successful criminal justice reform programs, including  reentry programs, work in both Republican- and Democratic-led States,  including North Dakota. Successful reentry programs often utilize  community-based groups like F5 in my home State.   Likewise, President Trump has been a leader in criminal justice  reform. He and his administration have signed bipartisan legislation,  such as the First Step Act, to make our Federal criminal justice system  fair.   The First Step Act reauthorized programs that support State, local,  and Tribal governments and nonprofit organizations in their work to  reduce recidivism and to help people returning to society from  incarceration.   H.R. 8161, the One Stop Shop Community Reentry Program Act of 2020,  will build on the administration's strong criminal justice reform  initiatives. This bill will provide grants for the purpose of creating  a unified location for reentry services in the communities that serve  former prisoners. These facilities will include job training,  counseling, substance abuse treatment, education, and medical services,  among others.   All of the data suggests that the most vulnerable time for someone  being released from incarceration is within the first 30 days after  release. I have seen this frustration firsthand as clients and  offenders encounter unnecessary bureaucratic obstacles when trying to  rebuild their lives. They must obtain housing, find a job, adhere to  probation requirements, among many other tasks. That struggle is  especially difficult when the individual suffers from substance abuse  or, as Congresswoman Bass suggested, lacks even a high school  education.   These one-stop centers will help break the cycle of addiction and  recidivism. This bill complements the recidivism reduction programs  funded by the Second Chance Act and reauthorized by President Trump.   I am pleased our colleagues recognize the administration's criminal  justice successes and the bipartisan effort on these bills.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I just want to take this opportunity to say this is a  great bill and there are great people in government at the State,  Federal, and local level who really do care and help to try and  do these things, and we have come a long way in the last 5 to 10 years  on a lot of these issues.    But I think it is really important to recognize that, oftentimes, the  best people in organizations to help people reenter into society are  often former felons themselves who have gone through these processes  and have started community-based organizations and have continued to  work with new people coming out of prison.   While we have to treat criminal justice and we have to treat serious  offenses in the manner that is deserving of what they are, we also  believe in rehabilitation; and what we do with that, particularly more  than anything else, is a return on investment because, as we can get  these people through this process and keep them out of the revolving  door that can sometimes occur in the criminal justice system, we save  people's lives, we save families, and we actually save taxpayer money.   This is a great bill, and I appreciate everybody's work on it.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 2258, the Criminal Antitrust Anti-Retaliation Act,  like its House companion, H.R. 8226, protects whistleblowers who help  the Federal Government investigate and prosecute criminal violations of  antitrust laws.   When workers give information to law enforcement, cooperate with  criminal investigations, or testify about an employer's crimes, their  employer may retaliate. Retaliation can take many forms, such as  firing, demotion, suspension, or other types of retaliatory  discrimination. Whatever its form, retaliation is wrong.   Workers should not be punished when they help the authorities address  criminal antitrust violations, violations that ultimately harm American  consumers. If this retaliation goes unaddressed, it can have damaging  long-term effects. For one thing, unaddressed retaliation can suppress  future whistleblowers who might otherwise step forward to shine a light  on any wrongdoing.   When whistleblowers are scared to speak out, law enforcement may  never learn of the criminal antitrust violations in the first place.  Likewise, without the help from whistleblowers during investigations,  law enforcement agencies may be unable to successfully prosecute  wrongdoers.   S. 2258 addresses these policy concerns by prohibiting retaliatory  discrimination against whistleblowers who speak out against criminal  antitrust violations.   This bill also gives whistleblowers recourse if their employers do  choose to retaliate. Under the bill, a whistleblower can file a  complaint through a process the Department of Labor oversees and, in  limited circumstances, seek relief by suing in Federal court.   While establishing whistleblower protections, S. 2258 also puts  important guardrails in place to ensure that bad actors do not abuse  this law. The bill denies whistleblower protections to people who  instigate the violation of criminal antitrust laws or obstruct an  investigation. Instead, the bill will protect workers who are acting in  good faith.   Finally, I should note that our colleague, Congressman Jim  Sensenbrenner, a cosponsor of the House companion bill, has worked  throughout his career to protect whistleblowers from retaliation. He  has described the general policy animating this bill and highlighted  the importance of whistleblowers when he said that whistleblowers help  maintain the integrity of our laws. Mr. Sensenbrenner is correct.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, in 2016, Puerto Rico faced serious and increasing  financial pressure brought on by significant debt and related  obligations.   In response to that financial crisis, Congress passed the Puerto Rico  Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act of 2016.   This 2016 law set up a bankruptcy mechanism for Puerto Rico to  address its obligations.   Like other existing bankruptcy laws, the 2016 law enables bankruptcy  professionals, such as lawyers and consultants, to apply for payment  for their services subject to court approval.   But the 2016 law lacked certain disclosure requirements for  professionals, even though these requirements apply to professionals in  any other bankruptcy case.   That gap in the law created the potential for unaddressed conflicts  of interest for professionals involved in Puerto Rico's bankruptcy  process.   To address this concern, H.R. 683 establishes disclosure requirements  for accountants, lawyers, and other bankruptcy professionals working on  matters related to Puerto Rico's bankruptcy.   The additional disclosure requirements in H.R. 683 increase the  likelihood that any conflicts of interest will be caught and timely  addressed before compensation decisions are made.   Taken as a whole, this added level of transparency will benefit  important interests, such as those of the creditors and taxpayers and  ultimately of Puerto Rico itself.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon.)   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of  H.R. 683, the Puerto Rico Recovery Accuracy in Disclosures Act.   Representative Velazquez and myself have proposed this initiative  since the last Congress, and I am thankful that on this occasion we  have been able to count on the original cosponsorship of Chairman  Grijalva and Ranking Member Bishop, as well as many other cosponsors,  both Republicans and Democrats.   This bill is an important component in ensuring that the  restructuring process under PROMESA looks out for Puerto Rico's best  interests.   This legislation requires any counsel and professional personnel that  the Financial Oversight and Management Board may hire to work on a  title III case for the restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt, to submit  verified disclosures of their connections with the debtor, creditors,  or persons employed by the board prior to being compensated.   This provision will impose on the decisions about the hiring of  personnel for the restructuring the same requirements as are imposed on  such personnel under the existing bankruptcy rules.   Our intention is not to exclude anyone's expertise and knowledge of  Puerto Rico's fiscal transactions from being resources in the  restructuring process. But I think it is essential that any such  connection be clear and known, so that such persons' qualifications and  the role they are going to play can be better evaluated. And that has  happened in the past. So I think the result of this legislation will  clarify that and will not allow that to happen again. Conflicts of  interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest can be best avoided  if there is accountability and transparency.   This bill would require that such personnel must disclose in detail  their participation and involvement with any entity involved in the  issuance of Puerto Rico debt and in any claims involving Puerto Rico's  debt, informing the identity of each.   Anyone who is serving on the board or working to inform its  decisions--and I may say the President today announced three more new  members to the Oversight Board, so I think the time of approving this  bill is just accurate--or representing it before the title III court,  must have the trust of all parties that they are committed to defending  the interests of the people of Puerto Rico to the best of their ability  in accordance with the law and justice.   A lack of transparency in these personnel decisions creates a lack of  confidence and distrust. Learning that someone used to be involved in  the businesses of one of the parties in the case only after they are  named and working on that case does not create an assurance of their  commitment to the best interests of Puerto Rico or the managing of  their debt.   That is the reason everyone's ultimate goal must be to reach out and  reach the day that we no longer need the provisions of PROMESA or the  Fiscal Oversight Board in Puerto Rico, and we can dedicate ourselves to  rebuild and grow our economy.   Until that happens, we must demand that the instruments created by  PROMESA be accountable and transparent in their processes. Nothing less  should be acceptable, and that is the reason I call upon my colleagues  to pass H.R. 683.    Mr. Speaker, I couldn't have said it any better, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 134, the Combat Online Predators  Act.   This bill will give law enforcement officers additional tools to keep  children safe from adults who stalk or target them both in person and  online. This bill raises the maximum criminal penalty for stalking by  an additional 5 years if the victim is a minor.   In addition, the bill directs the Attorney General and the Department  of Justice to produce a report evaluating Federal, State, and local  laws that relate to stalking and to describe best practices for  enforcing those laws.   We must do everything in our power to protect the most vulnerable  among us from digital predators. We must ensure that courts have the  ability to sentence convicted stalkers to an appropriate prison term.   This bipartisan bill will help to protect our Nation's children from  online predators, give their families peace of mind, and make our  communities safer.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick), my friend.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I think everything  has been said. Everything now is online, and that is the reason this  bill is so important as well. That is the reason why I rise in support  of S. 134, the Combat Online Predators Act.   I am a proud cosponsor of the House companion bill, H.R. 4203, which  was introduced by my good friends, Representatives Brian Fitzpatrick  and Stephanie Murphy.   I think this legislation is straightforward. It increased the maximum  prison term for a stalking offense by 5 additional years if the victim  is under age 18. Additionally, the Attorney General must issue a report  on the best practices for the enforcement of Federal, State, local, and  Tribal stalking laws as well.   According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, during a 12-month  period, an estimated 14 in every 1,000 persons age 18 or older are  victims of stalking. Overall, 7.5 million people across the Nation  reported being affected by these, according to the National Center for  Victims of Crime and sponsored by the Office of Violence Against Women.   The same study shows 46 percent of the stalking victims experienced  at least one unwanted contact per week, and 11 percent of the victims  say they have been stalked for 5 years or more.   Approximately one in four stalking victims reported some form of  cyberstalking. According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, 83  percent of victims reported that they received emails from their  stalkers, while 35 percent reported receiving instant messaging.   In addition to stalking, every jurisdiction in the U.S. has laws  addressing electronic harassment, and Federal law also criminalizes the  use of technology in stalking.   Puerto Rico has recently taken steps to enact a special leave policy  for those who are victims of crimes, such as gender-based crimes,  abuse, harassment, and felony stalking. The special leave law provides  up to 15 days annually where an employee is able to address crimes  through legal means to ensure that victims are able to seek the proper  resources necessary to achieve justice.   While Puerto Rico may lead in terms of supporting those afflicted by  these crimes, justice must be severe for those who prey on the most  vulnerable among us.   Again, I thank Representatives Fitzpatrick and Murphy for leading the  House version of this legislation, and, of course, the Senate for  passing this bill. That is the reason I urge my colleagues to support  S. 134.    Mr. Speaker, technology has improved our lives in a  myriad of ways, but it has also given bad actors more tools and, in  many instances, stalkers can victimize their targets without ever  leaving their home and a victim can often feel like they have nowhere  to escape.   I applaud the work of Senator Toomey and Congressman Fitzpatrick,  [[Page H7014]]  who sponsored the House companion to this bill on this important  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8354, codifies the DOJ's Servicemembers and  Veterans Initiative, the important work that our Department does to  honor and support our Nation's veterans.   The initiative coordinates with the Civil Rights Division and other  Justice Department components to enforce Federal laws protecting  servicemembers, veterans, and their families. These laws include the  Uniformed Service Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, the  Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, and the Uniformed and Overseas  Citizens Absentee Voting Act.   The DOJ's enforcement of these laws has helped our men and women in  uniform. For example, the Department reports that enforcement of the  Servicemembers Civil Relief Act has provided more than $474 million in  relief for over 120,000 servicemembers whose rights were violated.   Just last year, Assistant Attorney General Eric Dreiband announced  the largest-ever settlement against a landlord or property management  company for violations of the SCRA. This is important work that needs  to continue.   During the Trump administration, the Justice Department has expanded  the Servicemembers and Veterans Initiative by launching the Veterans'  Access Initiative. The Veterans' Access  [[Page H7015]]  Initiative focuses on accessibility issues for veterans and  servicemembers under the Americans with Disabilities Act. The ADA is an  important tool for ensuring that those veterans who return from service  with a disability can effectively reintegrate into civilian life.   The Servicemembers and Veterans Initiative provides resources to the  public and legal practitioners about Federal laws protecting  servicemembers, veterans, and their families. The initiative also  provides support and conducts outreach to servicemembers, veterans, and  their families through the military departments.   This is a good bill to codify an existing Justice Department program,  and I encourage all Members to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Taylor), my good friend.     Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8235, the Open Courts Act of 2020, will modernize  the judicial branch and bring it sometimes kicking and screaming into  the 21st century.   First, the bill will update and streamline the Federal judiciary's  case management system, ushering in much-needed improvements to the  technological capabilities of the system.   The bill will consolidate the judiciary's electronic court records  system, establish certain data standards, and require the records  system to follow those standards. These improvements to the case  management system will increase the efficiency and improve the  availability of court records to the American public.   Second, the Open Courts Act will require that Federal court records  are free and accessible. By ensuring that public records are freely  accessible, this bill will bring increased transparency to our judicial  process.   The reforms contained in the Open Courts Act are not new ideas.  Advocates of judicial transparency have long supported efforts to make  court records free to the public. The Open Courts Act makes long  overdue, commonsense reforms. This bipartisan legislation will expand  the public's ability to not only find court records, but to access them  as well.   However, before I conclude my statement, I do want to note one thing.  While this bill is bipartisan, the text was updated late last night.  The bill now contains an additional eight pages and includes various  changes to the text, specifically regarding redaction language of  sensitive info.   I understand why courts don't necessarily want this burden, and  typically, under current process, filers are the ones who do the  redactions, but now the text seems to be silent on the redaction of  sensitive information altogether.   I honestly don't know where that places the current policy, and the  reason I don't know is because we were made aware of these changes less  than 24 hours ago. This is not how a bipartisan bill is supposed to  proceed, and it is a really good way to get a broad bipartisan bill to  not become law.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Barr).    Mr. Speaker, with all of the concerns that exist, I  think the goal of transparency and cost effectiveness are still worthy  of this, and I urge support of the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   