 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Oklahoma for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in reluctant opposition to H.R. 7617, the  six-bill fiscal year 2021 appropriations package that includes the  Energy and Water Development appropriations bill.   I had hoped to have been able to support the appropriations bill this  year. Unfortunately, while the bill includes some bipartisan  priorities, excessive spending and partisan riders mean I am unable to  support the bill at this time.   I am pleased that the bill continues significant investments in our  Nation's water resources infrastructure, including harbor maintenance  activities. Unfortunately, the majority is choosing to ignore several  opportunities to enhance water security in the drought-prone West. The  bill cuts funding for water storage projects, blocks a critical water  storage project in California, and unnecessarily delays the use of  previously appropriated funds for other water storage projects.   Republicans--in fact, I think every Republican from the California  delegation--filed multiple amendments to correct these problems, but  none of them were made in order. Even a simple amendment to highlight  the importance of funding for water storage projects was left out of  the rule.   In fact, every other Energy and Water amendment that followed the  same format was made in order and will be in en bloc amendments  expected to be adopted. Yet the majority refused to allow the full  House to even consider and to even debate these critical Western water  storage issues.   One bipartisan priority of great importance to me is the Department  of Energy's nuclear energy program. While the bill addresses several  priority activities within the program, overall funding for the program  is not reflective of its importance to the national and global energy  future.   The committee report repeatedly expresses the majority's intent to  address climate change, and we have heard that today several times. Yet  nuclear energy, a carbon-free, baseload source of power, suffers one of  the largest cuts from enacted levels in the entire bill.   I am pleased to support Mr. Weber's amendment highlighting the  importance of the versatile test reactor. This project will provide a  capability that will help with the development of next-generation fast  neutron reactors as well as benefit materials development for today's  reactors. I am hopeful that, moving forward, we can work together  towards stronger funding for the entire nuclear energy program,  including the versatile test reactor.   One of my main concerns with the bill is the significant amount of  emergency spending, mandatory spending, and other gimmicks that  effectively undermine the defense and nondefense spending levels agreed  to in last year's bipartisan budget deal.   The emergency spending provisions alone almost double the cost of the  Energy and Water bill, all without discussion, let alone buy-in from  House Republicans. That is why I support Mr. Perry's amendment to  strike the emergency spending in the Energy and Water bill. If there is  a demonstrated need for spending above and beyond the bipartisan caps,  it should only occur as a result of bipartisan discussions on that  issue, not as a partisan title to an annual appropriations bill.   Even with all the additional spending, however, the bill still  shortchanges funding for the nuclear weapons program by almost $2  billion. Currently, much of our nuclear weapons complex infrastructure  is old, outdated, and some of it is literally falling apart. We must  uphold our Nation's strong nuclear deterrence posture, and to do that,  we must adequately fund the activities necessary to maintain a safe,  reliable, and effective nuclear weapons stockpile.   The bill includes numerous policy riders and authorizing provisions,  most of which we know will be unacceptable to the administration and  will need to be addressed before a final bill can be enacted. I believe  one of these riders is intended to reaffirm current law with respect to  the authority of the Secretary of Energy, and I strongly support that  intent.   The House will consider an amendment to strike this language due to  concerns that the text goes beyond the intent and would unintentionally  disrupt the important work of the Nuclear Weapons Council. While I  certainly understand those concerns, I am also concerned about recent  efforts in the Senate to undermine the authority of the Secretary of  Energy.   The Secretary must continue to have full authority for appropriately  balancing priorities across the entire Department, including the  nuclear weapons program. Unless or until those Senate efforts are  defeated once and for all, I believe it would be better to improve the  bill text to avoid unintended consequences rather than strike the  language entirely.   Finally, I am disappointed that the bill does not include any funding  to advance the Yucca Mountain license application process and, instead,  offers a false promise of interim storage as a solution to the nuclear  waste issue. Continuing the license process is how we ensure an  authoritative scientific decision--not a political decision--on the  safety of Yucca Mountain.   Over the past few decades, electricity customers across the country  have paid roughly $43 billion, with accrued interest, into the nuclear  waste fund for permanent disposal of nuclear waste. Due to the  political decision to halt advancement of a permanent repository,  however, it is the taxpayers--not the ratepayers, but the taxpayers in  all 435 congressional districts--who currently are paying approximately  $2.2 million per day, or more than $800 million per year, to cover the  cost of temporary onsite storage.   There has long been broad, bipartisan support for continuing the  Yucca Mountain licensing process, and the Energy and Water bill should  reflect that reality.    Despite our disagreements over the issues I have mentioned, I want to  close by thanking Chairwoman Kaptur and the majority staff for their  dedication and hard work on this bill. Ms. Kaptur has continued the  cooperative tradition of the subcommittee, even during this year's  unusual circumstances, and I appreciate that very much.   I would also like to thank Chairwoman Lowey and Ranking Member  Granger for their support.   Lastly, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle,  particularly my staff in my office, Sarah Cannon, who is on kind of  semi-leave about ready to deliver another child. So she does a great  job.   I look forward to working together as this bill moves forward in the  legislative process to develop a final Energy and Water bill that  reflects a balanced set of priorities.   