 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time.   Since the election of President Trump, the most absurd conspiracy  theories have been proclaimed as gospel by the entire Democratic Party  and their media mouthpieces.   Let's begin with the Russian collusion hoax; the theory that Trump  was a secret Russian agent who colluded with Putin to steal the 2016  election from Hillary Clinton. The theory comprised many preposterous  sub-conspiracies, including several wild tales.   For example, secret computer servers communicated with Russians.   Secret meetings with Russians occurred in Prague, and secret Russian  money laundering from the Trump campaign.   Best of all, Putin had a secret stash of nude pictures of Trump and  the now infamous pee tapes that the Democrats and their puppets in the  media spent several years searching all over Europe for.   The Russia hoax ultimately imploded. But, Madam Speaker, you have to  almost admire the Democrats' amazing ability to jump from one debunked  conspiracy theory to another without a hint of shame, embarrassment, or  self-reflection.   The Democrats supposedly convened us here today to protect Americans  from Trump's latest nefarious plot--his alleged attempt to sabotage the  Postal Service to steal the election. In the grand scheme of Democratic  conspiracy theories, this one really is scraping the bottom of the  barrel.   I suppose we can grant the Democrats that the post office actually  does exist, and it does deliver mail. But watching them vent outrage on  social media about missing mailboxes and anti-mail theft devices is  rather sad.   Good conspiracy theories have rich, false details that tell a story,  like Area 51 for example. But the Democrats have grown a little lazy to  develop the necessary back story.   The Postal Service hoax is more akin to theories that the Earth is  flat, NASA faked Moon landings, that Elvis is alive, and that Paul  McCartney is dead. Even the Loch Ness Monster, Big Foot, and the  Chupacabra at least yielded photographic evidence.   In closing, I want to thank my Democratic colleagues for inviting us  here for a Saturday afternoon matinee in August. I urge them next time  to put more effort into their future conspiracy theories. If you no  longer have time to properly craft your fake news narratives, you can  also have the Democratic National Committee launder money to hire a  British spy to go to your Russian friends and develop another set of  fake dossiers.   Madam Speaker, have a good afternoon. I urge a ``no'' vote.   