 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member and my  friend for yielding.   I would counter by saying the greatest threat to democracy in the  country is the current majority in the House of Representatives. What  we are doing even right here today, what we are doing right now, we  haven't even had a hearing on this.   We are going to have a hearing on Monday for something we are voting  on today. Absolute political malpractice is what we are watching right  here. Why do we even debate this? Why don't we have a vote and then  debate it? That is the same issue as what we are doing right now.   My Democratic friends over here are blaming the President as though  he is involved in voter suppression. We want to talk about voter  suppression. We want to talk about influencing the vote.   Our own Speaker Pelosi just a little while ago had a press conference  in which she was touting, 100 days ago, the HEROES Act passed. What she  did not say was what was in the HEROES Act: forbidding States from  having voter ID.   We are going to have universal mail-in ballots, no voter ID. We are  going to have ballot harvesting across the country. So, we have no  purging of votes. We are just going to send out millions of ballots,  among which deceased people are there, folks who have moved, or ballots  just being sent out all over the place. There will be no voter IDs  required. Yet, all these ballots, somebody is going to vote for them  and send them back in. Talk about political malpractice.   The chairwoman herself ought to be the first to stand up and testify  of the disaster of her own election that took over 6 weeks or  thereabouts to get the results because these mail-in ballots kept  coming and coming and coming, thousands of which were thrown out. It  opened doors for lawsuits in your own election.   It is just absolute insanity what we are doing here, to me. It is a  representation of why people are so disgusted with Washington.   We talk about the delays in the mail service. In April this year, we  had a briefing--not a hearing, a briefing--to inform us of the delays  that were going to be brought about in the Postal Service due to COVID.  Well, that is happening. We have thousands of postal workers who are  not working because of COVID.   We also have great delays--would you not agree?--in cities like  Portland, like Chicago. Of course, there are incredible delays. People  are scared to death to even deliver the mail in cities like this. Here  we come to a place like this to bail out the Postal Service with $25  billion that the Postmaster General himself says they do not need, with  $14 or $15 billion cash on hand and another $10 billion waiting, if  needed, in the Treasury.   This is absolutely unneeded. Yet, this bill is going to give an  additional $25 billion without any reforms.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill.   