 Mr. President, I rise to ask the Senate to confirm the  nomination of Paul Ray to be the Administrator for the Office of  Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and  Budget.   OIRA, as this office is commonly called, is the Federal Government's  principal authority for reviewing executive branch regulations,  approving government information collections, and overseeing the  implementation of government-wide policies related to information  policy, privacy, and statistical practices. The OIRA Administrator is  responsible for reviewing and approving both rules and then final rules  to ensure agencies conduct appropriate cost-benefit analyses.   Under President Trump, OIRA has conducted between 200 and 400 rule  reviews each year, and it has made it an administrative priority to  reduce the regulations and to control regulatory costs. That includes  the important work of reviewing existing regulations to identify those  that are outdated, harmful, or counterproductive and achieving this  administration's initial goal of eliminating at least two regulations  for every significant new one added.   The good news for our economy is that the administration far exceeded  this initial goal by eliminating 22 outdated or harmful regulations for  every new one added in 2017, and it has achieved a rate of 7\1/2\  regulations removed for each new regulation over the course of the  administration. This has saved American families and businesses  billions of dollars in compliance costs and has allowed businesses to  spend that money and concentrate their efforts on growing their  businesses and creating new products, services, and good-paying jobs.   I continue to believe this administration's dedication to regulatory  reform and reduction is the single most important factor in the success  of our economy, record low levels of unemployment, and growing wage  levels, with wage growth being at its strongest at the lower end of our  income spectrum.   It is important to note that Mr. Ray has already played a key role in  this regulatory rationalization and its resulting economic success.   In his having previously led OIRA as its Acting Administrator and as  its Associate Administrator, Mr. Ray has demonstrated the ability to  carry out the office's multifaceted mission. In addition to his direct  leadership experience at OIRA, he currently serves as the Senior  Adviser to the Director of Regulatory Affairs, where he advises on  regulations and the regulatory process. He also served as counselor to  the Secretary of Labor, where he had a similar role.   Prior to these public service roles, Mr. Ray was an associate at  Sidley Austin LLP, and he served as a law clerk to Supreme Court  Justice Samuel Alito, as well as to Judge Debra Livingston of the U.S.  Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Mr. Ray graduated  magna cum laude from Hillsdale College and Harvard Law School.   Because of his background and demonstrated enthusiasm for dealing  with regulatory matters, Mr. Ray is uniquely qualified to serve as the  next OIRA Administrator. I am grateful to Mr. Ray for his willingness  to serve, and I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote yes on his  confirmation.   I yield the floor.   