 Mr. President, 1 month ago, Judge Amy Coney Barrett was  selected by President Trump to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court, filling  the vacancy created by the passing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.   Since then, Judge Barrett has more than proven her qualifications for  this job. A respected Federal judge, educator, and public servant,  Judge Barrett has conducted herself throughout this process with poise  and integrity. She has certainly demonstrated her intellect, her legal  acumen, and her commitment to the Constitution of the United States.  She is, clearly, a brilliant jurist who interprets the Constitution as  written and carefully weighs the facts of a given case.   Despite the Senate Democrats' repeated attempts to drag her into the  political fray, Judge Barrett has proven that she will make her  decisions based on the law rather than politics.   When I met with Judge Barrett earlier this month, I was assured that  she would be guided by the law and precedents and be faithful to the  Constitution. As Judge Barrett herself has said  [[Page S6548]]  more than once, ``A judge is obligated to apply the law as it is and  not as she wishes it would be.'' She is obliged to follow the law even  when her personal preferences cut the other way or when she will  experience great public criticism for doing so--the law, not politics.   As a fellow Hoosier, I have had the privilege of getting to know  Judge Barrett and her family over the last several years, since she was  nominated to fill a vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the  Seventh Circuit. When I met the then-Notre Dame Law School professor,  it was abundantly clear that she was a star. My colleague at the time,  former Democratic Indiana Senator Joe Donnelly, agreed with that  assessment. A brilliant legal scholar, Judge Barrett was and is held in  the highest regard by her peers in the legal world.   Judge Barrett's qualifications outshined personal attacks and  religious bigotry, and she was confirmed by a bipartisan majority to  that circuit court, and as a judge, she has more than proven her legal  credentials. She has heard more than 600 cases and authored nearly 100  opinions. I should note she is the first woman from Indiana ever to  serve on that esteemed court.   As I said, when I introduced Judge Barrett before the Senate  Judiciary Committee earlier this month, I was proud to cast my vote for  Judge Barrett in 2017, and I look forward to doing so again for  Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Three years ago, I did not hear  a single credible criticism--not a single one--of Judge Barrett based  on her legal qualifications, and I haven't heard one at any time  throughout this confirmation process.   The Democrats have tried to make this process about anything other  than Judge Barrett's qualifications. Alarmingly, they have made threats  about what the consequences will be if we move forward.   First, they threatened to pack the Supreme Court if we confirmed this  nominee, but we all know they were talking about this long before--long  before--Justice Ginsburg's passing. By way of example, my colleague  from California Senator Harris said: ``We are on the verge of a crisis  of confidence in the Supreme Court . . . and everything is on the  table.'' That is a quote from March of this year.   Senator Harris isn't alone. She just happens to be the most prominent  at this point. In fact, according to the Washington Post, 11 Democratic  Presidential candidates--5 of whom were sitting U.S. Senators--said  they were in favor of or open to packing the Court.   Second, they have threatened to eliminate the legislative filibuster  if we confirm this nominee. Now, folks, they wanted to get rid of the  60-vote threshold long before this vacancy on the Supreme Court ever  occurred. Again, I will use Senator Harris by way of example: ``I am  prepared to get rid of the filibuster to pass a Green New Deal.'' That  was in September of 2019.   There are 18 Democrats who ran for President of the United States who  supported that move, including 6 sitting U.S. Senators and 2 Governors  who are now running for the Senate.   Third, they have threatened to add States to the Union if we confirm  this nominee. We know that has been on the far-left's wish list for  years.   These idle threats aren't going to stop us from carrying out the will  of the American people, though, and confirming Judge Barrett. When we  confirm Judge Barrett this week, she will be the fifth woman and the  first mother of school-age children to serve as a Supreme Court  Justice. She will also be the only current Justice to have received a  law degree from an esteemed law school other than Harvard or Yale.   I will tell you, Hoosiers are extremely proud of Judge Amy Coney  Barrett and the trail she has blazed for others. She is a role model  for young women everywhere, including, I might say, my own three young  daughters. I am incredibly proud that our next Supreme Court Justice  will be one who hails from America's heartland--from the great State of  Indiana.   I urge my colleagues to come together and carry out the will of the  American people by swiftly voting to confirm Judge Amy Coney Barrett to  the Supreme Court of the United States.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   