 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to thank my good friend, Mr. McGovern, the distinguished  chairman of the House Rules Committee, for yielding me the customary 30  minutes.   Madam Speaker, let me quickly respond to my friend's mention about  the group that will work on reopening Congress. I look forward to  working with my friend and our colleagues on that particular issue.   I do want to point out, it is important to note, last night we  actually did function as a committee under the chairman's leadership,  and we got our work done. We are on the floor right now getting our  work done. The executive branch is in Washington, D.C., right now  getting its work done.   The President and the Vice President aren't hunkered down in Cheyenne  Mountain. They are in the West Wing working every day. The Joint Chiefs  of Staff are in the Pentagon, working every day. Every Cabinet member  is working every day.   I just say that to note that other people are able to get their jobs  done with appropriate changes and appropriate precautions, so I rule  nothing in or out.   I look forward to listening to my colleague, but I do think we are  capable of working in the House of Representatives, and I will be  extraordinarily cautious about giving up procedures and precedents that  are 230-plus years old.   Madam Speaker, we are here today to consider a rule that creates  Speaker Pelosi's proposed select committee on the coronavirus pandemic.  Earlier this month, Speaker Pelosi announced that she would create this  select committee, conveniently ignoring that any such select committee  must be established through the Rules Committee and, ultimately,  through a vote on the House floor.   Yesterday, the Rules Committee met on extremely short notice to,  essentially, rubberstamp the Speaker's action. This was particularly  egregious considering that, up until right before we met, we had  absolutely no details on the proposal.   In the last month, the Speaker gave the minority no notice of her  plans, no indication of her rationale or vision, and was radio silent  since her announcement, except for the occasional media mention. In  fact, we did not even know we were meeting on this item until the  afternoon of the hearing. That is hardly the way to operate on  something the Speaker purportedly wants to do in a bipartisan fashion.   Perhaps even more problematic, Madam Speaker, is that I am not sure  what the end goal of such committee will be. Speaker Pelosi claims that  the proposed select committee will examine all aspects of the Federal  response to the coronavirus pandemic and will provide oversight for  Federal dollars being spent in response.   But Congress already has significant oversight tools at our disposal.  The CARES Act itself established a five-member Congressional Oversight  Commission specifically for that problem. That Commission is in  addition to Congress' other oversight tools, which include the House  Committee on Oversight and Reform and the oversight subcommittees that  exist on most other permanent House committees.   If we already have a separate Oversight Commission specifically for  the CARES Act and we already have a separate Oversight and Reform  Committee and each committee already has separate oversight committees,  what, then, is the actual purpose of the proposed select committee?   It is entirely plausible for one to conclude that this new select  committee will simply turn into yet another partisan witch hunt aimed  at damaging the President.   There may be a time in the future when it makes sense to establish a  commission, like the 9/11 Commission, to review the COVID-19 pandemic  and the government response. I actually support doing that at an  appropriate time. But such a commission needs to be truly bipartisan  and devoted to what happened and what we can learn from it to improve  government responses for the future. This select committee doesn't meet  that test.   Before I reserve my time, later today, the House will be voting on  the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act. This  bipartisan bill is the next step and follow-up to the CARES Act, which  Congress passed a few weeks ago.   Today's bill includes $310 billion for the Paycheck Protection  Program, a critical program for protecting small businesses and their  employees. It also includes $75 billion for hospitals on the front line  of the coronavirus pandemic and a further $25 billion for coronavirus  testing.   Refilling the Paycheck Protection Program account will help countless  small businesses and their employees across the country, including  hundreds in my district. Frankly, refilling this important account  could not come soon enough. It should have happened a week ago. But I  am fully supportive of this important bill, and I look forward to  voting in favor of it later today.   I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank the Speaker for her kind and  thoughtful remarks.   I also want to acknowledge--I am going to follow her example. I think  we should keep our mask on when we are doing our normal business but  take them off when we are speaking. And thank you for setting that  example, Madam Speaker.   With that, I would like to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Arizona (Mrs. Lesko).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Burgess), my good friend and distinguished member of both  the Rules Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Jordan), my good friend and a distinguished Member.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer), my good friend and a distinguished gentleman.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Ferguson), my good friend and the distinguished chief  deputy whip of the Republican Conference.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Mrs. Rodgers), my good friend and a distinguished member of  the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Hice), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  for a quick response to my friend.   I recall that we requested oversight committees for TARP. That was  not allowed by then-Speaker Pelosi. We requested oversight committees  for the stimulus package in 2009. That, too, was not agreed to by  Speaker Pelosi. So we find this new need for oversight refreshing, but  somewhat questionable.   Madam Speaker, I also remind my friend, there are eight existing  committees, all of which, by the way, the Democrats control, all of  which they chair.   We have confidence in the eight existing committees to do their job.  We don't see the need for a ninth.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McClintock), my great friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Gohmert), my very good friend.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I want to begin by thanking my friend and the Rules  Committee as a committee and the staff. We met last night. Obviously,  we are all meeting now at an extraordinary time, a very difficult time.   I was very proud of our committee last night, particularly our  chairman and our staff for reopening and functioning and producing a  contentious item, but a worthy item, to discuss here today. So thank  you to Mr. Chairman for his leadership, and I thank our staff and thank  our fellow members of the committee.   And I want to thank the body, including the Speaker. We are here  today functioning. Obviously, we are taking precautions. Obviously, we  are doing things differently. We are a little bit out of our comfort  zone as a body. This isn't the way we normally work. But the point is  we are here in Washington, D.C., and we are working.   While we disagree very strongly over this particular piece of  legislation, later today we will vote in overwhelming bipartisan  numbers for another relief package, Madam Speaker, for the American  people.   That is the fourth time in a row that we have done it, and we have  done it without partisanship. That doesn't mean there wasn't hard  bargaining. It doesn't mean that everybody got everything they wanted  in the package.  [[Page H1920]]  Quite the opposite. Everybody gave up some things that they wanted. But  at the end of the day, we did come together.   Now, personally, I wish we would have put money earlier in the  Paycheck Protection Program, but I certainly don't begrudge the  additional money for hospitals and testing. So, hopefully, we can avoid  that and keep programs that are working going, fine-tune them where we  must.    There are certainly some changes that could be made. But I think, on  balance, we ought to look back and say, at a time of great crisis,  Congress has continued to function and has come together in a  bipartisan manner and has done important work on behalf of the American  people.   We have a lot more important work to do. There are many, many  challenges that are going to confront us. Secretary Mnuchin sometimes  calls the response to coronavirus a baseball game with nine innings.  And I suspect that we are completing the fourth inning today, Madam  Speaker, with the ultimate passage of the additional resources for the  CARES Act.   Again, while we disagree on this one--I want to talk about that in a  second--we agree on the most important act of the day, which is getting  relief out the door to the American people and sustaining our economy  under a time of great stress, helping our healthcare workers who are on  the front line, trying to make sure we have the robust testing that is  necessary so our Governors can make good decisions when they grapple  with the tough issue of how they are to reopen their respective States.   We think, Madam Speaker, the particular item we are considering this  morning is simply unnecessary. We have eight oversight committees, all  of which, I remind my friends, they control. They are the majority in  this body. That is appropriate. They are their oversight committees.   Creating another one we just think is, at a minimum, superfluous;  and, frankly, history has taught us it is more apt to be a weapon, in  our view, used to attack the President of the United States  relentlessly during an election year. I would love to be wrong about  that. As my friend Mr. Ferguson said he would be the first to  apologize, I will be happy to apologize, too, if I am wrong.   But, even if that were not the case, I would question the need for an  additional committee. I simply don't see any need for that. We have  committees that do this. We have committees that have a lot of  experience in doing this. And, frankly, we have committees that have  done it in a pretty bipartisan way in the past. So I would hope we  would rely on those committees.   With that, Madam Speaker, I again thank my friend for the debate and  thank his side for the spirited participation, but I urge rejection of  this particular measure, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the  rule.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   