 Madam Speaker, let us not forget who we are. Our Framers  rebelled against centuries of religious oppression, Inquisition, Holy  Crusades, witchcraft trials, and state religion. They conceived America  as a haven of refuge for people fleeing from religious and political  persecution from all over the world. It would become an ``asylum for  humanity,'' said Tom Paine--not an insane asylum, mind you, but an  asylum for freedom.   The President's Muslim ban desecrates this vision with the kind of  religious discrimination that our Nation was created to oppose.   The NO BAN Act now strikes down the President's infamous Muslim ban  proclamation and restores the principle of no religious discrimination  to the immigration process. It will be a proud day for this Congress  when we invalidate the President's infamous and ugly attempt to  scapegoat people based on their religion.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Butterfield for his really  exemplary leadership here.   Mr. Speaker, it is a proud day for Maryland as we move to replace the  bust of Roger Brooke Taney with the bust of Thurgood Marshall.   One Marylander wrote the infamous Dred Scott decision, hundreds of  pages of argumentation about how the Constitution is and must forever  be a White man's compact and that African Americans have no rights that  White people have to respect.   The other, Thurgood Marshall, whose bust will replace that of Justice  Taney, argued Brown v. Board of Education, argued Shelley v. Kraemer,  argued Smith v. Albright, became the first African-American Associate  Justice of the Supreme Court. He made equal protection come alive in  our country. So it is a proud day for Maryland.    I was delighted to hear the gentleman from Illinois' remarks, but I  was amazed to hear another colleague in the minority defending the bust  of John C. Breckinridge on the grounds that we don't honor him for his  service as secretary of war in the Confederacy but we, rather, honor  him for what he did before that in his prior service as United States  Senator and Vice President of the United States.   Well, that is just precious. Think about that for a second.   Breckinridge was serving as a U.S. Senator from Kentucky when he  defected to the Confederacy, signed up to become their secretary of  war, and betrayed the Union. And they still have his bust outside of  the United States Senate saying ``Vice President'' on it, despite the  fact that, on December 4, 1861, he was convicted of treason by the  Senate and stripped of all of his titles--including Senator, President  of the Senate, and Vice President.   So we may as well put up a statue of Benedict Arnold to honor him for  his service to the Continental Army before  [[Page H3664]]  he defected over to the British side and led British groups against  America.   So let's go all the way here. If there are statues of traitors and  racist White supremacist supporters of the Confederacy up in the  Capitol, then we need to get rid of them. This is our opportunity to  remake the social contract as represented by the symbolism in this  great House.    Madam Speaker, I thank Ms. Clark for organizing this  beautiful observance and testimony to our beloved colleague.   I want to praise John Lewis, not the Congressman, but John Lewis the  member of SNCC, the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, a  relative handful of students who began a process that transformed  America forever and brought down the walls of American apartheid and  Jim Crow through the extraordinary force of their physical courage,  their moral courage, and their political courage to confront an entire  system of racism bearing down upon them.   The end of their struggle was nonviolence, to create a nonviolent  society committed to justice and equality for everyone, and the means  of arriving at that nonviolent society was nonviolence itself. So even  as the sheriffs and police officers unleashed the German shepherds and  the billy clubs on them, the water hoses and the teargas, they still  remained remarkably nonviolent the entire way there.   I asked John Lewis when we got to travel down South on the civil  rights tour with the Faith and Politics Institute about where he  thought things were. I think he felt that, in terms of civil rights, we  have been moving things forward, but in terms of violence, we still had  not remotely turned the corner.   I said, what is going to make the difference? He said: When people  realize that violence doesn't work. Leaving aside the morality of it,  violence doesn't work.   We talked about the Vietnam war. We talked about the Iraq war. We  talked about gun violence sweeping the  [[Page H3691]]  streets. And we talked about domestic violence.   I want to say that the spirit and the memory of John Lewis live in  this body and this institution, which loves him. But I see the spirit  of John Lewis today in the streets with the hundreds of thousands and  millions of young Americans who are demanding nonviolent, just, and  peaceful transformation of our society. John Lewis lives in the young  people today, and he would be so proud of the young people of America.   