 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Budd for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to stand for  justice with the victims of sanctuary cities.   It is completely offensive to me as an American that we have cities  and, in some cases, entire States declaring themselves sanctuaries for  illegal immigrants who are mercilessly committing crimes in our Nation.   American citizens are being assaulted, raped, and murdered at the  hands of illegal immigrants who should have been deported by ICE, but  due to the blatant disregard of Federal law, cities are giving  sanctuary to criminals and rapists while actual American citizens can  do absolutely nothing about it.   Just last year, two illegal immigrants committed a horrific gang- related murder in the Seattle area. One took a baseball bat to the head  and body of a high school student, killing him. Another took a machete  to the teen, chopping off an arm and a leg and hacking at his neck.   This followed another gang-related murder in King County, Washington,  that also involved an illegal immigrant that local authorities refused  to turn over to ICE for deportation.   In the wake of the killings, King County officials have defended  their policies and complained that ICE is harassing the county.  Apparently, officials in King County, Washington, would rather have  Americans be murdered by machete-wielding illegal immigrants than  deport noncitizens who pose a risk to those who actually call America  home.   Ken Cuccinelli, Acting Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, stated  at the time: ``You're talking about literally crimes that never should  have happened in this country because they're people who, upon their  first interaction with the justice system, should have been deported.''    Therefore, if cities are going to blatantly ignore the law of the  land and provide sanctuary to illegal immigrants that commit crimes in  our country, then those cities should be held financially accountable  to the families of the victims, and those cities should be stripped of  Federal funding until they comply with Federal law.   I will take a step further. It should be a criminal offense for  elected officials to blatantly ignore Federal immigration law, and they  should be held accountable for denying ICE the ability to protect our  country.   I encourage all of my colleagues to support this important  legislation.   