 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor to first thank Senator  Duckworth for leading many of us to come to the floor this week to  stand in solidarity with all of the military families around the  country and throughout our Nation's history who have sacrificed so much  in service to our country.   I hope we can all join together, not as Republicans and Democrats but  as servants of the American people, in expressing outrage and disgust  at the comments made by the President that were confirmed by multiple  news outlets last week. A deep reverence for servicemembers, including  the Presiding Officer, who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our  country, has never before been a partisan issue in this body or in our  country.   These Americans laid down their lives because they loved this  country, and they loved what we stand for. They understood something  that President Trump never will, which is the idea of service--the  ethos of giving your all for something greater than yourself.   I know some of my colleagues will continue to bury their heads in the  sand to pretend the President couldn't possibly have said those things,  but if you don't believe it is within President Trump's character to  denigrate our troops, you haven't been paying attention over the last 5  years.   President Trump called our former colleague and our friend Senator  John McCain--an American war hero to every one of us--a loser. He  denigrated all POWs and their families when he said he liked people who  were not captured. He attacked a Gold Star family, whose son paid the  ultimate sacrifice for our country, with anti-Muslim bigotry. He  repeatedly attacked and retaliated against LTC Alexander Vindman, who  spent his entire life serving our country.   Yet, as despicable and disrespectful as they are, it is not just  President Trump's words--it is his actions. He diverted funding from  our military bases to pay for his vanity project border wall.   He has made it easier for payday lenders to prey on our  servicemembers by selling them predatory loans at exorbitant rates. In  Dayton, go to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and look at the payday  lenders that just crop up around our military bases.   The President handed out favors to foreign banks, like Santander,  that illegally repossessed servicemembers' cars and illegally  foreclosed on their homes while they were defending our country.   He ordered the closure of the military's newspaper, Stars and  Stripes, because it refused to serve as a propaganda machine for him.  Under pressure, he is saying he is now going to bring it back.   Now he is failing to protect our troops and our veterans from this  disease. His administration used them as guinea pigs this spring by  prescribing them hydroxychloroquine tablets--an unproven COVID  treatment. He did that this spring while he was not telling the country  about the seriousness of this disease.   None of this should be partisan. I know my Republican colleagues and  I disagree on a lot of things--taxes and budgets and healthcare  policy--but I have never heard any of us disagree on the fact that  Americans who serve our country are American heroes. Whether they  fought during World War I or fought against fascists in World War II,  like my father did, or are defending us today, we owe them and their  families a debt of gratitude. Those who made the ultimate sacrifice  were mothers and fathers and sons and daughters and aunts and uncles.  They had hopes, and they had dreams of devoting careers to service.   All of my colleagues have spoken to the families of the fallen. We  try to empathize with the unbearable pain they go through. Some of my  colleagues have been those brothers or sisters or sons or daughters.  All of our servicemembers and all of our veterans and all of their  families deserve better.   I ask my colleagues to join me and Senator Duckworth in standing in  solidarity with all American servicemembers and veterans and their  families.   We will never forget the debt we owe you. We are humbled by your  commitment to service.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   