 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of this  resolution.   There has been quite a bit of discussion regarding partisanship from  some of my friends on the other side of the aisle. I would offer the  following quote, which was uttered 39 years ago: ``To a few of us here  today, this is a solemn and most momentous occasion, and yet, in the  history of our Nation, it is a commonplace occurrence. The orderly  transfer of authority, as called for in the Constitution, routinely  takes place as it has almost for two centuries, and few of us stop to  think how unique we really are. In the eyes of many in the world, this  every-4-year ceremony that we accept as normal is nothing less than a  miracle.''   Those words were uttered in 1981 by President Ronald Reagan, and his  words couldn't have been more prescient.   It is a shame that we are here today, a shame that the current  President has refused to affirm perhaps that most basic tenet of  American democracy, the peaceful transfer of power after an election.   I don't believe that this should be partisan. We may be on different  sides of the aisle; we have different solutions to some of the most  pressing challenges that our country faces; but we all should, we all  must, believe in this grand American experiment.   The peaceful transition of power is a hallmark of our Republic. For  over 200 years, as President Reagan noted, every President has honored  the orderly and peaceful transfer of power to his successor.   So, in my view, the House of Representatives must speak loudly here.  We must meet the unrelenting insistence on undermining our democracy  with the full force of the United States Congress by joining together  today, on a bipartisan basis, to reaffirm our commitment to the  peaceful transition of power, as our colleagues in the United States  Senate did just last week.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Swalwell for leading on this  issue, and I would urge every one of my colleagues in this Chamber,  Republican, Democrat, and independent, to support this important  resolution.   