 Madam Speaker, the Constitution gave Congress the power  to declare war. The Constitution gave Congress the power appropriate  money for war. The Constitution gave us the power to raise and support  armies and to provide and maintain a Navy.   Why? Why didn't the Framers just give the President the power to  declare and wage war? After all, the President is made Commander in  Chief of the Army and Navy and militias when called into the actual  service of the United States. It would have been a lot simpler to say  let the President go to war whenever he wants. Why didn't they do that?   Well, the Framers acted against a background of kings and princes  plunging their populations into wars of vanity and political advantage  to distract their people at home from the political problems of the  kingdom, of the monarchy. And our Framers were emphatic that the  awesome power of war, the power over life and death of our sons and  daughters, the power over our national treasure not be vested in one  man alone but, rather, in American democracy itself.   The representatives of the people, the people of Maryland and  Virginia and Florida and California and Idaho and Pennsylvania and  Michigan and Alaska and Hawaii, that is who the Framers vested the  power of war in: the Congress of the United States.   Now, the structural problem is that, if the Nation is actually  attacked or there is an imminent attack coming, the President may need  to respond in self-defense. Madison anticipated that, and Madison said  that might happen.   The Supreme Court, in 1863, in the middle of the Civil War, in the  Prize Cases, said that the President can act in those situations.  Lincoln embargoed and blockaded the Southern States, and that was  attacked as unconstitutional. They said, well, he was acting against a  real, imminent threat to the land and the people of the country.   Now, after the Vietnam war, Congress passed the War Powers Resolution  in 1973, providing the President may engage our forces in hostilities  only with a declaration of war, a statutory authorization, or a  national emergency created by an attack upon our people or our Armed  Forces.   Now, under the War Powers Act, the President must consult Congress if  he thinks that he is acting in imminent self-defense of the country.  The President didn't do that. He talked to some other people at Mar-a- Lago. He never talked to the Congress of the United States officially,  neither the Republicans nor the Democrats. He didn't contact the so- called Gang of Eight of our top leadership in the intelligence and  security field.   He did notify us, in fairness to the President, within 48 hours of  his targeted killing, which many see, under international law, as an  act of war.   At this point, though, whether you think there was truly an imminent  crisis and this was something like Pearl Harbor or you think that the  President still has not given us a single compelling justification for  why he did it in  [[Page H88]]  acting under imminent self-defense, you think it is more like Gulf of  Tonkin, it doesn't make any difference.    All of us, everybody in this Chamber at this point should  say that whatever imminent threat existed, whatever emergency there was  is gone, and now this country should not go to war without a  declaration of war by this Congress or statutory authorization, unless  we are attacked in the meantime.   That is the whole point of the War Powers Resolution, to enforce the  powers of Congress. We represent the people. We should not be going to  war in the name of the United States based on the word of one man. That  is not the constitutional design. It must be the Congress itself.   