 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I see the majority leader on the floor, and  while I have the floor, of course, as a matter of courtesy, I will  yield to him if he has some comments he wants to make and ask that I  then be recognized.    Mr. President, before I do yield, I understand Senator  Schumer is coming. So I will yield the floor to accommodate our two  leaders, but then I would ask I be recognized.    Mr. President, I believe under our original agreement, I  am recognized next. Is that correct?    Mr. President, I appreciate what the Democratic leader has  said. I was willing to step aside earlier when I had the floor because  I understood the two leaders were coming to speak. It was a matter of  courtesy to them, and I know the Democratic leader, at least,  appreciated that.   Let me agree with what he said. You know, when I came here, the  President of the United States was an unelected President, and there  was an unelected Vice President. It was Jerry Ford. And then, under the  change in our law since President Kennedy's death, he was able to pick  an unelected Vice President. I remember Democrats and Republicans alike  welcoming him and saying: Let's go forward.   I have been here with each President--some reelected, some not--and,  in every instance, I see the outgoing President welcoming the incoming  President, Republican or Democrat, and they have done it to try to make  as smooth a transition not for their own political purposes but for the  good of the United States of America. Everyone has done that.   I think it was George H.W. Bush welcoming Bill Clinton, who defeated  him. I remember Al Gore had more votes than George W. Bush, but after  the Court had ruled, he graciously conceded to George W. Bush. I  remember Hillary Clinton, with well over 2 million more votes than  Donald Trump, but saying that here is what the electoral college is and  conceded.   Now we see Joseph Biden, with more votes than anybody has ever gotten  in the history of the United States for President, and the incumbent  President goes off golfing again and again and pretends he doesn't have  to step back, and, in fact, actually does everything possible to make  it difficult for the new President to handle the transition.   That is wrong. Just as I have encouraged both Democrats and  Republicans as President, you help the incoming President with  transition, not for your political reasons or their political reasons  but for the good of all of us as Americans. They are saying: Oh, no, we  are going to hold the key to the door of the transition office.   Every Republican and every Democrat voted for the money for that  transition office so that whoever is President could step forward and  not hurt the country by coming in without doing the necessary  preparation. They are like a little child in a playground: No, we got  the key; we got the key. We are not going to share the key.   Oh, come on. Do you know how this makes us look to the rest of the  world? Do you know how it makes us look in my State of Vermont, where  some Republicans voted for Donald Trump and some voted for Joe Biden?  The majority voted, in this case, for Joe Biden. But I have been  hearing from Vermonters all over from both parties: What is going on?  It is over. It is done for the country.   In that regard, let me just speak briefly about the President-elect  and the Vice President-elect. When I came to this body, I was the most  junior Member of the U.S. Senate and the second youngest. The youngest  was a Senator from Delaware who had been elected just 2 years before,  Joe Biden. I think of the fact that we were the two youngest, and we  bonded over that, and I got to know his family.    I knew of the tragedy he had when his first wife and daughter were  killed. He would go home every day to make sure that he could put his  sons to bed and be there with them. I don't know how many times we  would be standing down there in the well, and he was looking at his  watch, and he said: What time do you think the last votes are going to  be, because the next train to Delaware is at such and such time? He was  like a marathon runner going out the door to make sure he got the  train, which he did, to be home to take care of his children.   I remember how happy Marcelle and I were when we met Jill--what a  wonderful woman. Dr. Biden was everything you would want in a First  Lady in this country. We had the privilege of traveling with both of  them and seeing the love and the joy they had in each other's company,  the love and the joy  [[Page S6619]]  they have shown in their children and grandchildren, and continue to. I  watched Joe Biden, with a sense of dignity, as he ran for election to  the Presidency, an office he had hoped to hold and probably thought he  never would.   I know that he wanted to run 4 years ago, but it was too close to the  time of losing his son Beau. I had the privilege of knowing Beau. In  fact, the last time I talked to him was on one of the battlefields in  Iraq where he was serving in combat for our U.S. military. I told him  at that time: You know, when I get back on the plane, I am going to  call your father. I always do this when I meet a Vermonter in a war  zone. I call their family and say they are doing well. I will call your  dad and tell him.   When I got on the plane and connected with the White House operator,  I remember then-Vice President Biden coming on. After a ways, he said:  I know what you are going to say. I got an email from Beau.   I remember when Marcelle and I stood there and tears went down her  face listening to President Obama eulogizing Beau at his funeral. We  all felt as part of that family. So there was joy in the Leahy  household when he was elected--not just a joy for the good of the  country but the joy of seeing a person whom we know, love, and respect  elected as President.   And added to that is the added advantage of Kamala Harris, one of our  Senate colleagues here. I remember when Senator Harris came to the  Senate, and I was so happy to see her going on the Judiciary Committee  because she had been such a good prosecutor and such a good attorney  general. She was a woman who didn't need to have much of an  orientation. She knew exactly what she was doing.   We have gotten to know her and her husband and admire her so. Then,  when she spoke--as they accepted the fact that they were President and  Vice President-elect--she said how proud she was to be there with  President-Elect Biden and how proud she was to speak about her  background and her immigrant parents coming here, the different races  shown in her background, and what she was saying, as she said, to  ``women everywhere.'' But I would say also what she shows to young  women, those not old enough to vote, like my granddaughters, and they  can look at that and say: That shows everything is open.   You know, I come from a State where it is unusual to be elected the  first time because, well, I am the only Democrat ever elected to the  U.S. Senate in Vermont's history, and the youngest also. I wasn't  supposed to win. We were overwhelmingly a Republican State then. We  have become now one of both parties. In the last election, for example,  there was a Republican Governor. This year, in the last few days, our  Republican Governor won overwhelmingly, and Molly Gray, a young woman  that started out as an intern in my office and went to the University  of Vermont, won comfortably and by a comfortable margin as a Democrat.  But also, our Republican Governor said on election day that for the  good of the country, to stop the dissension, to lower the kind of  rhetoric we were hearing, he was going to vote for Joseph Biden.   Now, I mention that just as a microcosm in our State. But to go back  to just a purely personal thing, Marcelle and I prayed for that day. We  were so happy to see our friends. We were so happy to know they were  there. And, as one who has known Joe Biden from the day I came into the  Senate, I still remember, to this day, his coming over to greet me on  the floor and saying: I am glad to see us young people here. I was  about a year or so older than he, and we were sitting kind of in the  junior role, and that friendship has lasted ever since.   I know Joe Biden. I know Jill Biden. I know the United States of  America, and at a time when we are so torn apart, these are two people  who can bring us back together.   I know Kamala Harris. We know her wonderful husband. And here, my  goodness, what a broad spectrum right there. In one way, it is unique.  In another way, it is not the least bit unique. It is the face of  America. It is the face of America. The diversity in our country of  race, religion, everything--it is reflected in this ticket. It couldn't  be better for the beginning of this century to have such a wide  spectrum shown in the President and Vice President of the United  States.   I think of what the mayor of Paris said. She issued a statement sort  of to the effect of ``Welcome back, America.'' Well, this is an America  that represents all of us. We should all get together to try to make it  successful. If Senators disagree on a particular issue, vote up or  down, but have the courage to vote. Have the courage to vote. Don't do  what we have done this past year, refusing to vote on COVID as  thousands upon thousands upon thousands of people die in our  country. Have the courage to get up and vote. Vote yes or no.    We are here with 6-year terms. We ought to at least have the courage  to vote yes or no. And then let's take a pause and say that these are  the two who will be the face of America from noon, January 20.   From a personal point of view, that face reflects very much our  family--our children and our grandchildren. I can see them in these  four people, and I am proud of that.   I will admit that I have gotten a few emails from my Irish friends to  say how much they are looking forward to a President Biden coming to  Ireland, and they have forgiven me my Italian half with that. But I  know that when I heard Joe Biden quoting Seamus Heaney during his  campaign, I remember that he knows those Irish roots. But he, like his  family, are first and foremost Americans. Like his late, wonderful son  Beau, they are first and foremost Americans.   Kamala Harris speaks of her family, her ancestors coming here, her  mother and father coming here, coming not to be anything other than  Americans. They are as American as she is. She is as American as any of  us.   I will close with this. Isn't it time the United States of America--a  country that has become as diverse as you can imagine--can show their  face to the rest of the world and say: This is who we are. And my  grandchildren--my White grandchildren and my Black grandchildren--can  look and say: Yes, that is who we are.   Joe and Kamala, in a few days I will call you Mr. President and Madam  Vice President, and I will do it with great pride. But I say today to  my dear friends Joe and Kamala: Congratulations. This Vermonter is  very, very happy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   