 Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I would like to for a moment just  reflect on where we are at this session of the U.S. Senate and the  choices that have been made.   I want to thank Senator Sanders and Senator Schumer for bringing  this, with clarity, to the floor of the Senate.   We support $2,000 as a helping hand to people across the United  States. There is a limitation on the amount that individuals receive if  they make more than $75,000 or if their family makes more than  $150,000, but we are following the template that has been employed both  with the CARES Act and with our own COVID relief act of just a few days  ago.   We have been told by the Department of the Treasury that if you want  to put money into the hands of Americans who desperately need it, this  is the best way to do it, the quickest way to do it. There are better  ways, I am sure, but in a time of crisis, we need to respond and  respond in a timely way.   So Senator Sanders and Senator Schumer have brought to the floor for  consideration, we hope, a bill that has already passed the House of  Representatives. The significance of this is that the House is now in  recess and not scheduled to return in this congressional session. So  whatever happens over here cannot be a new bill--there is no House to  send it to and no time to pass it--but, rather, has to be an up-or-down  vote on a bill that has passed the House as is. That is what they have  come to the floor now for 3 straight days asking.   Senator Schumer has asked repeatedly of Senator McConnell, the  Republican leader, a simple request: Whether you are for the House bill  or against the House bill, allow the Senate to be the Senate. Allow us  to vote on the bill--for those of us who support it, to vote on it.   It isn't a lock; it isn't guaranteed that we are going to win and  prevail with that vote. There are 48 Democratic Senators, and you need  60 votes. We need help from the other side. Four or five Republican  Senators say they support it as well, but we don't know if we have the  12, if all of our Members can be here. In this era of COVID-19, sadly,  even some of our Senators have illnesses in the family, which may make  it impossible for them to be here. So there is no guarantee we win, but  there will be a guarantee that we are recorded and our positions are  known to the voters across America. That is a simple request. Yet, time  and again, the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, has said no.   I am worried about what is happening to this institution, not just in  this instance but with what we have seen over the past several years.   We will conclude this calendar year having voted on the floor of this  U.S. Senate 29 times on amendments--29 in the course of a year in what  is supposedly the world's greatest deliberative body. I guess I  shouldn't complain--it is a 30-percent increase over last year, when we  voted on 22 amendments in the entire calendar year. The Senate is out  of business and out to lunch when it comes to legislating, and that is  a fact.   All we are asking for is the chance to legislate a $2,000 helping  hand to families across America. I have heard over and over again that  we are just trying to featherbed the rich, that we are trying to give  big checks to rich people. Well, Senator Sanders made a point on that  earlier. Less than 1 percent of the money we are asking for is going to  go to the top 5 percent.   When it came time for tax policy and tax breaks, many of the people  complaining the loudest about $2,000 were giving away millions of  dollars to the richest people in America without any hesitation. Well,  today is another day, and today is a different America. Today, we are  facing a country that is in the depths of the crisis created by COVID- 19. The numbers coming back to us every night on the news are  heartbreaking numbers.   I understand--and most of us do--that those wonderful women and men  who are in the healthcare business usually are very stoic and calm in  reporting the reality of their lives. Not so anymore. More and more  doctors and nurses are breaking down on television as they describe the  scenes in emergency rooms across this country. They describe the  reality of telling families that they cannot be by the bedside of one  of their loved ones who is about to die, and they break down in tears  and tell us they don't know how much more of this they can take.    That is the reality of America. It is not an America of vastly rich  people sitting by the swimming pool hoping Congress sends them more  money; it is an America of those patients and their families and the  people who are out of  [[Page S7989]]  work and the business men and women who have lost everything, who need  a hand from this government.   If there is one thing about America, I hope it is clear, no matter  what your political persuasion, we are a caring people. If a hurricane  hits Florida, I care about it. If a tornado hits the State of Nebraska,  I care about it. And we come together on a bipartisan basis to help  those families. Now more than ever, those families need us to do  something significant in their lives. How can you see the scenes on  television every night of the parade of cars lined up in Texas, in  Kentucky, in Illinois, hoping they can get some food to give to their  families? Are those grifters and chiselers who are just trying to get a  free meal? I don't think so. Would you sit in your car for an hour or  two for food unless you really needed it? I think those people really  need it. Many of them are heartbroken that they are in this situation.  Some are even embarrassed--and they shouldn't be--that they have been  the victims of this economy.   So all we are asking, Senator McConnell, is, give us a chance to  vote. You can vote no if you wish. Give us a chance to vote for the  $2,000 that can make a difference in a person's life; $4,000 for a  husband and wife who are struggling to get by--rent checks, mortgage  payments, car payments, utility bills, things that really are basic to  families' survival. We are trying to help, and I think we should be  given that chance.   We have tried time and again. We have the support of President Trump  in this effort, and I am glad to have it. I think we have enough  support in this Chamber to come up with 60 votes. I pray that we will,  if we are given that chance, and I hope the Senate Republican leader is  not afraid of that outcome. He shouldn't be.   He has two of his incumbent Republican Senators in a runoff election  who have both publicly said they want to vote for this, and yet he  stops them. He is the one who has put an end to their opportunity. Why?  Shouldn't he give them the opportunity to vote yes? He even refuses, in  this situation, with this looming election, to bring this matter to the  floor for an honest up-or-down, bipartisan vote.   I listened to the stories that were told by Senator Sanders and  others about the plight of people in this country and how much they  count on us and, frankly, how many of them have given up on us. They  just don't believe the Congress of the United States is in touch with  the reality of America.   If we are in touch with the reality in our home States, in our home  towns, we should do something--something significant--to end this year  on the right note.   I plead with the Republican leader, who has the power. The sole  Member of Congress of 100 Members--he has the power to bring this  matter to a vote and to do it immediately, within the hour. We could  call the Members who returned to Washington yesterday together, take a  vote soon, in a matter of minutes, and know once and for all whether we  have the 60 votes that are necessary to pass this measure. Then we can  pass the override of the President's veto of the Defense authorization  bill--a critical piece of legislation.   That would be the right way to end this year. Let us not end it in  suspense as to whether or not we are going to come to the aid and  assistance of American families who rely on us time and again to be  there when America needs a helping hand. Let's do our job. Let's fill  this Chamber with Senators who will actually vote on an issue that  makes a difference in the lives of Americans. That is what we were  elected to do. We have no excuse if we fail.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   