 Madam Speaker, I rise for our first responders who are  risking their lives and the lives of their families. They go to work  every day to fight this virus. They need our help.   I am proud to join Chairman Nadler, Congressman Max Rose, and others  in support of the Public Safety Officer Pandemic Response Act. Our bill  will guarantee first responders receive Public Safety Officer Benefits  if the worst comes to pass, because there have been many delays. We  need clarity so that there is no anxiety about this.   In my district, the Ninth District of New Jersey, we tragically lost  two first responders to COVID-19 in the line of duty.   Israel Tolentino, a firefighter from Passaic, New Jersey, was 33  years old. It was Israel's lifelong dream to be a firefighter. He made  the ultimate sacrifice for our community fighting this pandemic. He  leaves behind his wife and two young children.   And we have lost Frank Scorpo, a police officer from my hometown of  Paterson. I knew the family. He was only 34. He was a beloved member of  the force. He leaves behind his wife and two sons, ages 4 and 6 months.   Another person I want to recognize, who understands and is sensitive  to this, for all the years he served here, is Peter King of New York.  He never, never missed an opportunity to stand up for law enforcement  and their families.   These men are heroes, Scorpo and Tolentino. My heart and your heart  bleeds for our fallen first responders. This bill ensures their  families have some peace of mind that their benefits will be  implemented.   This legislation was part, as you know, of the landmark HEROES Act,  which was passed a week and a half ago. We are passing it again to  underscore its critical importance.   We owe a huge debt of gratitude to all first responders across New  Jersey and around the country. We cannot make it to the other side of  this mess without them. I thank them for their service, and God bless  all of them.   Thank you to law enforcement and fire service organizations who  helped draft this legislation. I know they stand strong for their  membership.   I want to recognize Senator Cory Booker and Senator Chuck Grassley  for working to protect our first responders. I know they are serious  about creating this presumption.   I have served as the co-chair of law enforcement in the Congress for  over 16 years. These are our men, these are our women in uniform. We  must get this done. We cannot delay.   