 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment.   This amendment would clarify the law for reporting certain positive  consumer credit information to the credit reporting agencies and seeks  to expand access to credit through the use of alternative data.   In addition, this amendment addresses several concerns identified by  consumer advocates, including removing a provision that would have  preempted State laws and ensuring consumers provide written consent if  their utility or rental history is to be considered.   Also, the bill requires a 2-year study and report from GAO on the  impact of furnishing additional information, which will help us gather  data to further ensure that American consumers have the tools they need  to obtain and improve credit and that policymakers can continue to work  to make improvements to the law.   The way in which alternative data is used is important. One of the  most important factors is consumer choice. If the use of alternative  data is truly voluntary--that is, consumers make knowing and voluntary  decisions to allow the use of the data, and the information is used  only for that limited purpose and in ways that consumers would expect-- then it is much more likely to be helpful.   I am pleased to have the support of the National Consumer Law Center  on this important provision. They support it because, unlike prior  versions, it would permit the reporting of utility and rental payment  information only when the consumer has provided written authorization,  that is, only when the consumer chooses to.   In the critical area of lending, it is estimated that the use of  alternative data by lenders could expand access to credit to over 40  million consumers in the United States. Imagine the economic activity  that would generate.   As internet access increases and data becomes more readily available,  marketplace or fintech leaders mostly rely on online platforms and  frequently underwrite loans using alternative data. Despite fintech  lending serving a small part of the consumer lending market, it  continues to grow at a rapid rate. That is why it is critical that  consumers have as much control over the use of their data as possible.  In fact, according to the GAO, since 2013, personal loans provided by  fintech lenders tripled to about $17.7 billion by 2017.   Alternative data used in credit scoring could potentially increase  accuracy, visibility, and scorability in credit reporting by including  additional information beyond that which is conventionally used by loan  officers.   I would add that my amendment does not preempt State consumer  protection laws protecting the privacy of utility customers and  hindering States from regulating tenant screening agencies. This is  important to the regulation and monitoring of traditional and fintech  firms. At times, States have a better view than the Federal regulators.   Lastly, the two largest populations of credit invisibles and  unscorables are either African American or Hispanic millennials who  live in lower income neighborhoods like those that I represent in north  St. Louis. These populations are especially vulnerable to predatory  lenders and other unscrupulous lenders.   Mr. Chair, it is time we try this new method to help millions of  Americans improve their credit scores.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, just in quick response to my friend from  Arkansas, some consumer advocates have expressed concern that consumers  may be evaluated as higher risk for using alternative data than they  would be with no reports at all; so we worked on this language to try  to find the sweet spot.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   