 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, yesterday, I mentioned the several big- ticket items left on the congressional agenda before the end of the  year. Over the next few weeks, the Senate must pass an appropriations  bill to keep the government funded. We must pass the annual Defense  bill, a piece of legislation that Congress has passed every year for  nearly 60 years in a row. And a top priority as well is a major COVID  relief bill.   We are in a moment of genuine national catastrophe. The rate of new  cases, hospitalizations, and deaths are at the highest, or near the  highest, of  [[Page S7119]]  any point during this awful pandemic. The economic fallout of the  pandemic spreads and spreads. November saw the largest single 2-week  jump in unemployment benefit applications since early April, and  enhanced job benefits are only a few weeks from expiration.   The time has come for Congress to pass a bipartisan COVID relief bill  that meets the needs of our workers, our families, our schools, and our  businesses. The Republican leader of this Chamber knows very well that  the only way to pass legislation in the Senate is with a measure of  bipartisanship. But time and time again, the Republican leader's idea  of action on COVID has been to bring partisan legislation to the floor  and then demand everyone accept it.   Every single iteration has included poison pills designed to ensure  that the bill is bad--not consensus proposals. That is not what these  poison pills are at all, and he knows darn well the Democrats don't  agree to them. Well, that is no way to do business around here.   The leader's view seems to be that the only things that should be  considered in the next COVID relief bill are items that Republicans  approve of, even if the needs of the country go way beyond what is on  their narrow list. So I would plead again to the Republican leader and  to my colleagues on the other side, we need to come together. Both  sides--both sides--must be willing to compromise.   While the Republicans in this Chamber enjoy a majority, they must  grapple with the fact that Democrats hold a majority in the House. We  cannot make a law without Democrats in the House, and, frankly,  Democratic votes in the Senate because there are a good number of  Republicans who won't vote for any proposal.   So we need a true bipartisan bill, not another round of partisan  Republican proposals put forward by the leader and then he makes take- it-or-leave-it demands, and that is it. We need to come together and  come to agreement that will not satisfy any one of us completely but  gets the job done. I hope that as we get closer to the end of the year,  partisan posturing on the Republican side will give way to some genuine  compromises.   