 Madam President, well, some farewell speeches are  different than others. I think this farewell speech should very much be  just a momentary pause for us to think about what comes next.   Cory Gardner is incredibly accomplished. He has been good for the  Senate. He has been great with his colleagues, and he has been, beyond  that, even more constantly focused on Colorado.   He has become, for me, a valued personal friend. Our families, for  whatever reason, from almost the first time we spent any time together,  sort of gravitated toward each other and continued to do things  together. And why not? Jaime is great. Cory is that beam of sunshine  that Senator Bennet and Senator Collins both have talked about, 365  days a year. He is optimistic. He is determined. He is realistic. Those  are all three pretty doggone good characteristics for a successful  legislator. He also continues to figure out, OK, that didn't work and  what can we do that makes that work in some other way, to be determined  to get the job done, to be realistic about how an obstacle can be in  the way and understand how to come together and make all those things  work.   Now, Senator Collins, particularly, mentioned that long list of truly  great legislative fights that Cory has successfully led in. One of them  we worked together on has been the effort to be sure that people who  weren't able to get broadband--people in rural areas and people in  urban areas who maybe had broadband but couldn't afford it. By the way,  I think that is the next big fight about broadband. It is not just  accessibility but also, even though it may be running right by where  you live, how do we work in ways that assure you are part of it.   In little towns like I grew up in or Cory grew up in, it is the  difference in whether you can compete or not. We have seen that so  dramatically in the last few months, where kids going to school without  the ability to have that access were dramatically hampered by that.  People who couldn't use broadband for mental health or telehealth and  people who just couldn't live where they prefer to live because they  didn't have the connectedness they need to have are hampered by that.  That is a fight that Cory has been in the middle of, and he understood  it only maybe as you would understand it if half of your State is  vertical and the other half is horizontal. You have got to figure out  how to get the connectedness you would like to have.   The second century of the National Park System, one of the truly  great American miracles, will be dramatically different than it would  have been otherwise because of the legislation that Cory led on. In  thinking about the future of that system and thinking about the future  of the country, I remember one of the first stories I heard Cory tell,  after he got here, in a small group of people. I think his son Thatcher  was headed out the door that he wasn't supposed to be going out, and  Cory said: That reminds me of one of my speeches late in the campaign.  I was done. I thought we were all done. I look around, and Thatcher's  shoes are still on the platform, even though Thatcher shouldn't have  ever been on the platform.   And as Cory goes back to pick up Thatcher's shoes, he holds them up  and says: This is why I am running. This is why I am running--for this  little pair of shoes and all the other pairs of shoes that represent  the future.   I think Cory has done an incredible job here focusing on not just the  present but the future. Frankly, as Senator Bennet said, I am  personally interested in seeing what comes next in the future of a  person and a family who have so much to offer and are willing to offer  it in service to others.   This is a day that I am ready to look and see what the next chapter  of the Gardner story looks like and I think it is going to be  optimistic and I think Cory will be smiling all the way through it.   I yield the floor.   