 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, over the weekend, the United States  [[Page S5361]]  achieved an ignominious milestone. Five million Americans are confirmed  to have contracted COVID-19--by far, the most in the world.   Our country went from 4 million Americans having had the disease to 5  million in 17 days--only 17 days. One million Americans were infected  in just 17 days. We have lost American businesses, American wealth, and  an unbearable number of American lives--a number that will inevitably  increase as the number of infections continues to rise.   The brutal economic effect of the pandemic has spared no corner of  our country. We are living through the greatest economic crisis since  the Depression and the greatest health crisis since the Spanish flu in  1918. So it should not be hard to convince Republicans in the Senate  and the White House to provide urgent and necessary relief to the  American people.   The $3.4 million in the Heroes Act was based on the country's needs,  which is so large and so diverse. It is not a political position; it is  what our country needs--its schools, its businesses, its renters, its  homeowners, its essential workers, its post office, its elections,  State and local governments, our healthcare system. Leader McConnell  doesn't seem to understand this. He sees everything through a political  lens.   But we Democrats are looking at the real needs of people. They are  large, and they come from many different places. That is why we called  for a large bill because it was needed because the American people  demanded it. At this point, the American people are on our side. By  survey data, two-thirds support the $3.4 billion Democratic plan, not  the skimpy Republican plan that doesn't deal with people's needs.   But at the end of last week, after days of arduous negotiations,  Speaker Pelosi and I continued to run into Republican intransigence.  They didn't see people's needs the way we did. They didn't see the  depth and breadth of this crisis. So, like in any normal negotiation,  we offered to move in their direction if they would move in ours. Let's  meet in the middle, we said--in the middle. That is how negotiations  occur. That is how you get something done. The White House said no.   It was difficult for us to offer that compromise. The Democratic  position is that we want to devote enough resources to defeat the virus  and see the American people through this crisis. The Republican  position is to give much less than what is needed. Democrats don't want  to leave large portions of the country and the economy to fend for  itself, but the reason we want to meet in the middle is that getting  major legislation through Congress is the only way to achieve something  significant for the American people.   Rather than compromise, our Republican counterparts said: ``Take a  hike.'' Quite literally, they said virtually this in the room: No, it  is going to be our way or no way. We are not going to meet you in the  middle.   Why? Why wouldn't they, when the needs are so great, when there are  so many people suffering and so many more who will suffer if we don't  act? It is because this Republican Party is so tied in a knot that it  can't agree to anything. It can only spute the same political speech  every day.   Republican Leader McConnell has admitted that 20 Republican Senators  will not vote for any more relief for the American people. The Senate  bill that the Republican leader keeps referring to lacks the support of  Senate Republicans. He can't bring it to the floor because so many of  them will vote against it.   The President himself called the Republican bill ``semi- irrelevant''--one of the few things he said about this crisis that had  some truth to it.   It was not some possibility that Democrats blocked. Senate  Republicans spiked it the moment it came out. Why? Maybe they thought  that these Executive orders would be a way out. They are so tied in a  knot they can't legislate or even bring themselves to join us in the  middle. They were clinging to the hope that the President could do  something on his own through Executives orders, but as we have seen,  Executives orders in general aren't going to get the job done,  especially the incompetent ones issued over the weekend.   President Trump's recent Executive orders are so unserious, in terms  of meeting the large needs of America, as to be pathetic. Take, for  example, the payroll tax deferral. It makes no sense. Even Republican  Members of Congress and, according to reports some members of the  administration, opposed a payroll tax deferral because it would do next  to nothing to help our workers or the economy. Remember, the President  did not cancel payroll taxes--he can't--he just deferred them. Most  employers will continue to withhold the payroll tax so that their  employees will not be hit with a very large tax bill in December when  the deferral expires. ADP, a nonpolitical payroll processing company,  said: It ``may take months to implement'' the President's new policy.    It feels like forever ago, but Candidate Trump promised he was  different from Republicans and would never touch Social Security or  Medicare. Well, guess what. Deferring the payroll tax is a backdoor way  of weakening Social Security and Medicare. In case the President's  intentions weren't clear, he said that after the election he may  permanently cut the payroll tax, which would deplete the trust funds  and destroy Social Security and Medicare as we know it. If you are a  senior or have paid into Social Security or Medicare and are waiting  for it, watch out--watch out. Seniors throughout the decades, since we  have had Social Security, have jealously regarded the trust fund, and  now Donald Trump says: Well, maybe we should get rid of it because we  should defer; we should get rid of the payroll tax altogether.   This Executive order is an example of many false promises that Donald  Trump has made and, just as importantly, it is so put together with  spit and glue that in all likelihood many States will not implement it  at all--some have said so. And many more, even if they want to  implement it, will take months--several months--while people will not  get their unemployment benefits.   The easiest thing to do for the good of the economy, for keeping  millions out of poverty, which the President's pandemic unemployment  insurance has done, is simply to renew the existing unemployment  insurance. But because of the hard right, because so many Republicans  don't want to spend the money, even for people who have lost jobs  through no fault of their own, it doesn't happen.   The idea that the American worker is looking for an out is demeaning  to the American worker, Leader McConnell. Americans want to work. There  is pride in work. The overwhelming majority of Americans, if given the  choice of a job or unemployment insurance for a period of time, even if  that unemployment insurance is not exactly what they got paid, will  take the job. We know that.   America believes in the work ethic. So how demeaning to the American  worker to say they are looking for a way out; that they are looking for  a way to ``skeeve'' the system. That is not the American worker I know.  That is not the New York worker I know. But, of course, when  unemployment is over 10 percent, you can be looking for a job, but you  may not get one. That is the reason so many people are on pandemic  unemployment insurance.   The President's plan there was nothing short of a disaster in terms  of its inability to be implemented, its effect on Social Security and  Medicare, and the demeaning way in which it looks at the American  worker. The President's Executive orders, therefore, are a disaster.   The President's Executive order on evictions is the best example of  all sizzle and no steak. It does not even guarantee a moratorium on  evictions. It merely instructs Federal Agencies to ``review'' and  ``consider'' whether it is appropriate to halt evictions, let alone  people who have fallen behind on their rent.   Three of the things the President has done don't work. The deferral  of the payroll tax hurts Social Security and does not pump money into  the economy. Cutting the unemployment insurance will take weeks and  months to implement and hurts American workers and demeans them. The  Executive order on evictions says: Let's consider something. We know  what that means in jargon around here: Let's not do it. Let's just talk  about it.   President Trump's Executive orders are hardly worth the paper they  are  [[Page S5362]]  printed on. You don't have to take my word for it. Go ask Republican  Senators from South Carolina and Nebraska who aren't too thrilled with  it either.   Of course, the biggest problem with these Executive orders is not  what they do but what they don't and can't do. The orders don't address  testing, tracing, and treatment of COVID-19--desperately needed to curb  the health crisis which, in turn, is hurting the economy so badly.   The orders leave out money to safely reopen our schools and provide  the PPE and other help to keep the kids, teachers, and staff safe. The  orders will not give food assistance to hungry kids and families.   The orders will not aid State and local governments, firefighters,  sanitation workers, bus drivers, healthcare workers. All the people who  keep our communities running could lose their jobs.   The orders leave out funds to ensure elections can be carried out  safely amid COVID-19, and the orders do nothing to keep our post  offices open and make sure our elections are conducted in a safe and  sound manner during this COVID crisis.   The fact is, we are facing an unprecedented crisis. The government is  going to have to commit resources to fight this disease and the  economic devastation it has wrought. Executive orders cannot do that  and, therefore, will always be insufficient, especially those crafted  in such a poor way as these.   The only way to crush the virus and truly protect American working  families is to pass a comprehensive bill in Congress that is equal to  the challenges facing our country. Democrats remain ready to return to  the table. We need our Republicans to join us there and meet us halfway  and work together to deliver immediate relief to the American people.  We are ready as soon as our Republican colleagues have come off this  view that it is their way or no way and meet us in the middle.   Now, before I yield the floor, I want to take a step back and talk  about the core problem in our negotiations over the past few weeks.  President Trump and the Republican Party--certainly in the Senate--are  not alive to the suffering of the American people. The response from  the White House to the greatest domestic challenge of the 21st century  can be summed up in five words issued by President Trump in an  interview last week: ``It is what it is.''   President Trump was challenged to defend his claim that COVID-19 is  under control. ``How?'' he was asked. ``A thousand Americans are dying  a day.'' President Trump's response: ``It is what it is.''   ``It is what it is.'' That is how the President of the United States  of America responds to the harrowing fact that more than 1,000  Americans are dying every single day from a virus his administration  has failed to contain--not a morsel of empathy, not an ounce of sorrow,  not a shred of remorse for the many mistakes his administration has  made. The President says: ``It is what it is.''   What a shocking admission of Presidential failure. We live in the  wealthiest and most powerful Nation on Earth. Yet countries around the  world manage to test their citizens, isolate cases, stop the spread of  the disease--countries with bigger populations than ours and countries  with a mere fraction of our resources and know-how. President Trump's  response to this crisis is a national and an international  embarrassment. The President says: ``It is what it is.''   President Trump is not the only one who dismisses the gravity of  COVID-19. The lack of empathy and understanding starts at the top, but  it goes all the way down. The President's Chief of Staff said COVID-19  isn't such a big deal for schoolchildren compared to the flu. Leader  McConnell put the Senate on ice for 4 months in the middle of a global  pandemic because his party ``didn't feel the urgency of acting''--his  words. Now, by the leader's own admission, more than a third of the  Senate Republican caucus doesn't want to vote for anything--anything-- to help the American people.   The economy is failing. Small businesses are closing. State and local  governments are cutting essential services. Americans can't pay the  rent and will be thrown out of their homes. Families can't afford to  feed their children. Essential workers don't have PPE. We are sending  our kids back to school without a plan. The number of Americans we are  testing is going down. The disease is ravaging our nursing homes.  Americans are dying--so many in so short a time that funeral homes and  morgues are storing the dead in refrigerated 18-wheelers.   Yet the President says: ``It is what it is.'' The President, his  aides, his party, and Congress are not even awake to what is happening  in this country. That is the reason Senate Republicans delayed for 4  long months, and that is the reason we have been unable to find  agreement with the White House.   I yield the floor.   