 Reserving the right to object.   Mr. President, the fact is, the Senate has acted. We acted very  generously. In the CARES Act, we passed $100 billion. In the CARES Act  3.5--phase 3.5--we passed $75 billion for a total of $175 billion for  the Provider Relief Fund. That fund allowed reimbursement and financial  assistance to skilled nursing facilities and nursing homes.   To date, about $76.9 billion--44 percent of that $175 billion--has  actually been expended, and $4.9 billion has been expended on skilled  nursing facilities and nursing homes, which means we have $98.1 billion  left.   Fifty-six percent of that $175 billion has not been spent, and HHS  has a great deal of latitude in terms of how to direct that. If more  needs to go to skilled nursing facilities and nursing homes, HHS has  $98.1 billion to spend.   Before we authorize another $20 billion and try to pass that by  unanimous consent, I say we need to take a very close look at what we  have already spent--close to $77 billion--and then either redirect,  repurpose, or just utilize it as was intended, the $98.1 billion that  remains to be spent.   I object.    Mr. President, first, let me talk a little about the  Luke and Alex School Safety Act.   The Luke and Alex School Safety Act of 2020 is named in memory of  Luke Hoyer and Alex Schachter, who tragically lost their young lives on  February 14, 2018, in the attack at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High  School in Parkland, FL. Luke's parents, Tom and Gena Hoyer, and Alex's  father, Max Schachter, turned their tragedy into positive action by  dedicating their lives to promoting noncontroversial, commonsense  school safety measures so that others don't have to experience  tragedies like they have.    Both Tom and Max testified before my committee on July 25, 2019, and  presented their recommendations for improving school safety. One of  their recommendations was to create a Federal clearinghouse of school  safety best practices that schools, teachers, and parents can use as a  tool to improve a school's safety posture in a way that best suits that  school's community and needs.   Our committee turned this commonsense recommendation into the Luke  and Alex School Safety Act of 2020 and passed it unanimously, with  bipartisan support, on November 6, 2019. Even though the bill had only  cleared our committee, the Department of Homeland Security agreed that  it was such a good idea that it actually created and launched this  clearinghouse in February of 2020. I ask unanimous consent to codify  this clearinghouse within the DHS to ensure it will be continually  updated to be useful and relevant for schools and teachers and parents  well into the future.   By the way, I just quickly printed out the current web page here.  What is on it is just very common sense. It reads: ``Find Resources to  Create a Safer School.'' It has the latest news and a coronavirus  update. Then it has a number of different parts to the site. You can go  on School Safety Tips, like bullying and cyberbullying, threat  assessment and reporting, school security personnel, physical security,  training, exercises and drills, mental health, school climate,  emergency planning and recovery.   Again, this is completely noncontroversial. It is just a  clearinghouse of best practices that every school in America can go to  and cut through the clutter and, hopefully, find very practical  solutions to improve the safety within their schools and, again,  hopefully prevent tragedies like those that, unfortunately, befell the  folks in Parkland, FL.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 402, S. 2779. I ask unanimous  consent that the committee-reported amendments be withdrawn; that the  Johnson substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, if I could ask the Senator from  Pennsylvania, I am not quite sure what that fix has to do with the  school safety bill. They are completely unrelated. By the way, I talked  to Senator Lankford earlier, and I know he also has a bill to fix that  and is trying to get that into the NDAA this year. Again, it seems like  there is bipartisan support for that as well.   To me, it doesn't make any sense whatsoever to hold up and not pass a  bill that is completely unobjectionable and noncontroversial and that  really could marginally improve school safety simply because we have  not fixed what  [[Page S4019]]  we kind of botched the last time around even though there is bipartisan  support to actually fix it. So I guess I am kind of scratching my head  and not understanding that objection.    Yes, I am happy to take a look at that as I am willing  to take look at the Lankford bill and get that in the NDAA. So,  perhaps, maybe, if that gets included and gets fixed, we can come back  at a later date and pass this by unanimous consent.   I yield the floor   