 Mr. President, I want to provide everyone with an update  about the status of negotiations on the third phase of coronavirus  legislation.   Early this morning, Leader McConnell presented to us a highly  partisan bill written exclusively by Republicans, and he said he would  call a vote to proceed to it today. So who is being partisan? He knows  darn well that for this bill to pass, it needs both Democrat and  Republican support.   Furthermore, when Speaker Pelosi and I said let's have a four-corners  negotiation, it was Leader McConnell who resisted. So whatever we do  here in the Senate, the House is doing its own bill. It made no sense  then, and it makes no sense now. I said to the leader then that would  slow things down. So that is where we are.   Most important is the legislation itself. The legislation has many  problems. At the top of the list, it includes a large corporate bailout  with no protections for workers and virtually no oversight. Also, very  troubling in the bill are significant shortfalls of money that our  hospitals, States, cities, and medical workers desperately needed. This  is a public health crisis. It is inexplicable to skimp on funding to  address the pandemic.   I told both Leader McConnell and Secretary Mnuchin that our caucus  could not support such a partisan bill and urged Leader McConnell to  delay the 3 p.m. vote so we might come to a bipartisan agreement. I am  glad he agreed, because we Democrats want to move forward with a  bipartisan agreement. Unfortunately, the legislation has not improved  enough in the past 3 hours to earn the necessary votes to proceed.  Given more time, I believe we could reach a point where the legislation  is close enough to what the Nation needs for all Senators--all  Senators--to want to move forward. We are not yet at that point.   America needs a Marshall Plan for our hospitals and our public health  infrastructure. The bill should include much more money for hospitals  and community health centers, nursing homes, and enough funding to  address the coming shortages in masks, ICU beds, ventilators, testing,  and personal protective equipment.   The bill needs more money to offset the costs now being incurred by  State and local governments that are propping up their health networks.  We cannot reach a point where our States and  [[Page S1903]]  localities are going bankrupt or firing public employees, like teachers  and first responders.   The corporate bailout provisions remain unacceptable. If we are going  to provide assistance to certain industries, there must be far more  oversight, transparency, and accountability. There certainly must be  protections for workers.   On unemployment insurance, we are glad the bill has moved in the  direction we outlined, but at the moment the expanded unemployment  benefits we fought for last only 3 months. It was supposed to be  longer. We need it longer.   Now, let me be clear. The majority leader was well aware of how this  vote would go before it happened, but he chose to go forward with it  anyway, even though negotiations are continuing. So who is playing  games?   Our caucus is united in trying to deliver a bill that addresses this  health and economic crisis quickly, and we are committed to working in  a bipartisan way to get it done--both sides of the aisle voting for a  bill. We are entitling our proposal, the Democratic bill that we  introduced, ``Workers First,'' and we intend to follow through on this  principle as we negotiate.   The bipartisan negotiations on this package continue even as we  speak. Secretary Mnuchin was in my office just about a half hour ago.  Changes to the legislation are being made even as we speak. The bill  can and must continue to improve. We are closer than we have been at  any time over the past 48 hours to an agreement, but there are still  too many problems in the proposed legislation.   Can we overcome the remaining disagreements in the next 24 hours?  Yes. We can and we should. The Nation demands it   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object.    Madam President, now, I know the majority leader likes  to talk about partisanship, but we are not here for that reason. The  bill we are voting on will affect us not just in the days to come but  in the months and years to come, and we need the best bill possible.   We Democrats have seen some real flaws in the bill that was put on  the floor by the Republicans. What it has is, for instance, a giant,  giant corporate bailout fund with no accountability. You wouldn't even  know if the loans were made until 6 months later. What we have seen is  a cutback in what we asked for, for hospitals, doctors, and nurses-- masks, equipment. We need more money than what the Republican majority  has proposed. What we have seen is no money for State and local  governments. They are going broke. They have huge, huge, new expenses.  We need to make those better.   The bottom line is very simple. We are fighting for a better bill  because this bill will have an effect for a very, very long time.   I have been working with Secretary Mnuchin and the President's  congressional liaison, Eric. They have been in my office about six  times tonight. We are making progress, and I think there is a good  chance we will have an agreement, but we don't need artificial  deadlines. We will get this done. We will come in at 12 noon, and,  hopefully, we will have an agreement by then.   So I object.   