 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the  remarks of my Republican colleagues, Senators Brown, Murphy, and I be  permitted to speak for up to 7 minutes each and that the previously  scheduled votes occur following the remarks of those listed.    Mr. President, Senate Republicans and the White House have  finally come forward with an unemployment insurance proposal. The  Republican proposal is not just misguided; the Republican proposal is a  punch in the gut and a slap in the face for the 30 million Americans  relying on lifeline unemployment insurance benefits. It adds insult to  infection.   Unemployment benefits--the ones we developed that ensure that people  can pay the rent or buy groceries--are already expiring. The last  payments went out Saturday. Senate Republicans and Donald Trump sat on  their hands for months instead of working with Democrats, so now it  appears that a lapse in benefits is inevitable.   Republicans apparently have a proposal that is just unworkable. You  don't have to take my word for it; the nonpartisan experts who run the  State workforce agencies have told the Finance Committee that any  changes, even simple ones, can take months to implement. Now  Republicans are talking about cutting those lifeline benefits--the ones  that actually made it possible for folks to make rent and buy groceries  and cover the cost of medicine and car insurance. They are talking  about cutting those benefits by two-thirds. They want States to make  complicated changes to the unemployment insurance program that could  hold up benefits until 2021. Some States are indicating that it is  almost impossible to manage this altogether.   The Republican proposal is cruel. In my view, it is legislative  malpractice. For the life of me, I don't know how anyone could possibly  look at the state of our economy and decide that what is needed is even  more economic pain for 30 million Americans. It is especially insulting  to America's unemployed workers that Republicans want to cut their  economic lifeline in the same bill that is going to give a taxpayer  subsidy to power lunches for lobbyists.   My colleagues have been warned that State unemployment systems are  already struggling to keep up. Some people who were laid off months ago  are still waiting to receive benefits. I read about one today who is  following all of this from their hospital bed, where they are suffering  from COVID-19. There are news reports about people sleeping in their  cars just to have a shot at being at the head of the line at the  workforce agency.   Now Senate Republicans come forward with a proposal that throws even  more sand in the gears. They have been warned that this kind of  proposal will be a disaster to implement. I know because I was in the  Senate Finance room when they were told about it.   My colleagues on the other side also are arguing that the biggest  problem in America now is that there are all these lazy workers sitting  at home collecting unemployment checks instead of going back to their  jobs. There is no evidence--not a shred--that this is happening in  large numbers around the country. Come to me with one single story  about somebody turning down work, and I will tell you about a dozen  out-of-work Oregonians I have spoken to, folks who cannot wait--cannot  wait--to get back to work, Oregonians and Americans who believe in the  dignity of work.   There was a nationwide townhall meeting on Thursday last, with people  who were unemployed, and people who were unemployed volunteered that,  if they were told in the evening that they could work the next day,  they would be there at the crack of dawn. It is insulting to American  workers to suggest they are a bunch of lazy freeloaders looking for a  handout, but we have been hearing that time and again from those on the  other side of the aisle who were simply unwilling to write any proposal  at all.   I believe the Republican proposal is also a prescription for disaster  for our economy. Supercharged unemployment benefits may be the single  most impactful program that Congress passed in response to the  pandemic. What does it mean to cut it? The Republican plan cuts  unemployment benefits by more than $10 billion per week. That opens up  a terrible economic wound. It will be a huge setback right when the  recovery seems to be stalling, even going in reverse.   One new analysis says cutting benefits down to $200 per week is going  to lead to a loss of 3.4 million jobs. And Senate Republicans want  Americans to believe that it is unemployed workers holding back the  economy.   I will close by saying it is long past time for my Republican  colleagues to get serious about working with Democrats on a proposal  that has a pathway to actually becoming law and to helping people. This  Republican plan doesn't do that.   Just as I said on Thursday, we have been ready for months. The other  body, the House of Representatives, passed a bill 2 months ago ensuring  that Americans have those funds to make rent, pay groceries, and pay  for essentials. Leader Schumer and I introduced our plan: the American  Workforce Rescue Act.   So we were all set over here to go to work with Republicans before  the majority leader sent everybody home on a 2-week recess, when we  thought it was important to be here and to work on these crucial  economic issues I have mentioned.   Benefits have lapsed. Tens of millions of Americans now walk an  economic tightrope every single week, balancing the rent bill against  the food bill, the food bill against healthcare costs.   There is no time to waste. Senate Republicans need to work with us  now on a proposal that ensures that Americans do not face yet another  economic hit, as I mentioned, with some of them actually sitting in  hospitals suffering from COVID-19 and wondering how they are going to  pay the bills.   I yield the floor.   