 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it is my privilege to rise and  congratulate the Kansas City Chiefs on their victory over the 49ers in  Super Bowl LTV last week in Miami, FL.   With their victory, the Chiefs earned their second Super Bowl  championship and their first since 1970. I would just note, as someone  who was born just about 10 years after that first Super Bowl, I have  literally been waiting my whole life for this, and, man, it is darn  good.   This victory was Coach Andy Reid's 222nd career win and, of course,  his first Super Bowl title in his Hall of Fame career.   The Chiefs were led by quarterback Patrick Mahomes. If you don't know  who Patrick Mahomes is, I don't know where you have been for the last  couple of years. Mahomes completed 26 of 42 passes for 286 yards and 2  touchdowns. He rushed nine times for 29 yards and another touchdown,  and he was named the game's Most Valuable Player.   Mahomes is the youngest player in the history of the NFL to win both  the NFL MVP award and a Super Bowl title. Mahomes' play in the Super  Bowl was the culmination of a historic playoff run, full of memorable  moments, none more iconic than the ``scamper down the sideline'' for a  touchdown to take the lead against the Tennessee Titans in the AFC  championship game.   It takes a team to win a Super Bowl, and everyone on this team did  his part. Running back Damien Williams had 17 carries for 104 yards and  1 touchdown, plus 4 catches for 29 yards and a touchdown. Tight end  Travis Kelce added six receptions for 43 yards and one touchdown. Wide  receiver Tyreek Hill had nine receptions for 105 yards, including that  crucial 44-yard reception on third down with fewer than 7 minutes  remaining in the fourth quarter. And wide receiver Sammy Watkins added  another five catches for 98 yards.   The defense and special teams did their part, too. Bashaud Breeland  led the Chiefs with seven tackles and one interception. Defensive  tackle Chris Jones was a disruptive force, batting down three passes  from 49ers quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo. Defensive end Frank Clark  sacked Garoppolo on fourth and 10 with fewer than 2 minutes remaining  to seal the victory--maybe my favorite play of the game. And Harrison  Butker was perfect, making one field goal and four extra points. The  entire Chiefs roster contributed to this historic victory.   I ask unanimous consent that all of their names be listed in the  Record.    If I could just add a word about the Hunt family, who own  the Chiefs and have led the Chiefs for decades now, Lamar Hunt founded  the Chiefs more than six decades ago and helped shape the National  Football League, including by coining the phrase ``Super Bowl.'' Those  were his words. It was his idea. His legacy continues today with Clark  and Tavia Hunt, who are remarkable people.   The entire Hunt family deserves great credit for their unwavering  commitment to Kansas City, the State of Missouri, and the Chiefs  organization, which they lead with tremendous poise, tremendous  integrity, and tremendous honor.   Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs, to their employees, to the  hundreds of thousands--maybe millions--of loyal fans out there, to  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Clark Hunt, to President Mark  Donovan, General Manager Brett Veach, Coach Reid, and his staff,  trainers, and equipment managers, all of whom contributed to this great  victory. They have people all over the world asking ``how `bout those  Chiefs?''   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   