 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the  bill.   While I have many major concerns with this attempt to federalize  State and local law enforcement, I would like to specifically address  the issue of qualified immunity.   Qualified immunity protects police officers, teachers, and social  workers from civil liability when performing their duties in a proper  manner. Should this bill become law, it would completely eliminate  qualified immunity for law enforcement.   Now, I know that many of my colleagues on the other side, along with  many well-meaning folks around the country, think that that is a good  idea, but they have been fed a false narrative. So, let me break a few  myths surrounding qualified immunity and explain why it is so important  to protect it.   Myth number one: If you are a good police officer, you have nothing  to worry about. That is absolutely not true. Imagine this scenario, and  this is one that occurs every day in departments across America. You  are attempting to make an arrest. The suspect physically resists  arrest. The suspect is now fighting the police, and the officer uses  empty-hand techniques to secure him. But the suspect is injured while  being lawfully and properly secured.   The officer has done nothing wrong, properly followed the law,  followed department policy and agency training,  [[Page H2460]]  did everything by the book. If this bill becomes law, he will still be  sued individually, despite doing everything by the book, and that is  just wrong.   I spent 41 years of my life in law enforcement, including 12 years as  sheriff. Every single day I went to work, I knew and was willing to put  my life on the line for my community. It is what I signed up for, and  it is what every officer in this country signs up for.   However, I shouldn't be asked to put my wife's future and my  children's future in that breach also. That is not what I signed up  for, not when I properly followed the law, followed my agency's  policies, followed my training to the letter, but I could still be  sued. That is not part of the deal.   Myth number two: Qualified immunity is always granted by the courts.  This also is not true. In fact, courts only grant qualified immunity to  officers 57 percent of the time. In the majority of the cases where  qualified immunity was granted, it was determined that officers did not  violate anyone's constitutional rights.   Under current law, even if the court grants the officer qualified  immunity, the plaintiff can still sue the agency for alleged  ineffective training or policies.   Myth number three: Qualified immunity gives officers free rein on the  job. That is absolutely false. It is not true. In order for qualified  immunity to apply, an officer must have followed the law,  followed agency policy, followed all the proper training. If he  violates any one of those, he is on his own and open to civil  litigation.    Madam Speaker, law enforcement is too dangerous of a profession that  deals in split-second decisions. Most people in this room have no idea  what it is like to determine in a high-stress situation whether a  suspect is pulling out a gun or a cell phone. They never wrestled a man  to the ground who is fighting like hell to evade arrest.   Police officers don't get to watch a video in slow motion over and  over again to figure out what to do. That is why qualified immunity  exists. In fact, the U.S. Supreme Court just confirmed it.   We cannot be so eager to make major policing reforms on the Federal  level that we overcorrect and prevent good officers on the street from  being able to do their jobs. We should not put our communities at that  kind of risk.    Madam Speaker, I want to invite my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle to reconsider this legislation. Not one single  point will destroy the bedrock of law enforcement in this country, and  I know there are Members across the aisle that understand that because  they have been there; they have done that; they have made those  arrests.   I ask you to listen to them and vote ``no'' on this legislation.   