 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to  address the Senate for 10 minutes.    Mr. President, we are fast approaching nearly 200,000  deaths from the coronavirus. But the moral and physical injury done to  our country during the pandemic will never be contained in just one  number. As that number continues to climb, so too do the frustration  and the pain and the outrage of the American people.   We know that Donald Trump recognized the threat of the coronavirus  and deliberately downplayed it for his own political gain. He is in  large part responsible for these deaths.   We now have 31 million workers who have either received or applied  for unemployment benefits. Since March 15, Massachusetts alone has seen  more than 2 million claims to our unemployment programs. In  Massachusetts, we have the highest unemployment rate in the United  States.  [[Page S5586]]    Families across the country are facing devastating choices. Cities  and towns are struggling to keep programs running and employees at  work. We know the Republicans recognize these threats, and they are  choosing to ignore them. They are, in part, responsible for the  suffering.   After 4 months of callous calculations, when they chose to respond,  the Republicans put out on the floor a coronavirus package that was  insulting to Americans who have been awaiting relief. The extent of the  misery facing our families is unimaginable. Yet Republicans and Leader  McConnell responded by designing a bill so intentionally weak and  insufficient that it was destined to fail.   It is all just a game to the Republican Party, but for Americans,  this economic and public health crisis is a matter of life and death.  We need a robust, comprehensive response right now that matches the  scale of this crisis, and we have an opportunity to deliver some real  justice to working Americans and their families.   First, we need to give Americans a monthly cash payment of $2,000 so  that they have the funding to able to pay their bills. A single check  is not sufficient for households. Families need more than just one  payment.   Providing recurring monthly payments is the most direct and efficient  mechanism for delivering economic relief to those most vulnerable, for  lower income families, immigrant families, and our gig and service  workers.   I see these families suffering today. They are the same kinds of  working families I grew up with in Malden. I know that $2,000 each  month would mean the world to them--so that they can sleep at night;  they can pay the rent; they can pay the electricity bill; they can buy  the medications they need.   A monthly payment is the kind of big policy that provides relief on  the scale that is needed. Our government needs to tell our families: We  are here for you. We will not let you down during this crisis.   Second, we need at least $4 billion for my E-rate Program to connect  every student to the internet at home. The pandemic has shown a bright  light on the homework gap being experienced by the 16 million students  in this country who do not have internet access at home and are unable  to complete their homework. This is unconscionable and a threat to our  country's future.   We cannot allow this homework gap to become a larger learning gap,  which ultimately is going to become an opportunity gap for these young  people. Research shows that the homework gap affects students in both  rural and urban areas and disproportionately affects lower income  students and students of color. Trump and the Republicans are blocking  this investment in education, but we can't let them. We will not leave  these students behind.   Third, we need to extend unemployment insurance, the weekly $600  benefit, through January of 2021. This is not just a line in the  budget; it is a lifeline for workers who cannot go to work through no  fault of their own. This crisis will be solved only by investing in  workers. We cannot simply cut them off when we know harder days lie  ahead for those workers in our country   Fourth, we must continue a national evictions moratorium and provide  $100 billion in emergency rental assistance. No one should have to  suffer the indignity of being escorted out of their home by the police.  A country that allows evictions during a pandemic--because of a  pandemic--has failed its people.   The same goes for electricity and energy shutoffs. We need a national  moratorium that keeps the lights on, ensures drinking water, ensures  that wastewater services aren't disconnected or interrupted during the  emergency period due to nonpayment. We cannot cast families into the  dark as they are struggling to stay afloat.   It is wrong to allow a pandemic that has not been created by these  families to result in catastrophic conditions that will look like the  Great Depression in terms of their impact on families in the same way  that it impacted my family during the Great Depression. We owe these  people more. They have worked hard. They have worked constantly  throughout their lives. Now, through no fault of their own, the  pandemic has hit them, and they are unemployed.   Finally, we need $1 trillion in funding for State and local  governments so that our teachers, nurses, postal workers, and other  dedicated public servants are not laid off--the essential workers who  drive the buses, pick up the garbage, fight the deadliest of fires,  educate our young people. Despite providing the services we rely upon  every day--including every single one of us in this Chamber--our  municipalities are aren't getting any money because Republicans refuse  to provide it. State and local governments have been pushed to the  brink to support their residents and are in desperate need of relief.   To my Republican colleagues I say that this funding isn't blue or  red; it is green. And all of our mayors and Governors and city  councilors--whether Republican or Democrat--need that money right now.   I have been traveling around my home State of Massachusetts talking  to families. They tell me the same thing: They want a livable future  for their children. That means they need the government to do its job  effectively in managing this COVID-19 pandemic. Instead of making  excuses, they need a government that works on solutions, even if the  problems are unprecedented, and they want that government to recognize  the rights and dignity of everyone.   Our families want something so basic and so simple, they almost  shouldn't have to say it: They want their children to dream about the  future instead of fearing about the future.   They need political leadership from us right now--not political  games, not the political calculation of just 20 Members of the Senate  Republican caucus.   To my colleagues I say that the gravity of this crisis requires us to  respond right now. We know we have a President in the White House who  is irresponsible. The President knew. It turns out he knew the virus  was deadly. He knew it as well as we knew it, but he lied to us. He  told us it would magically disappear. He said it was no worse than the  flu while on tape we hear him say that it is lethal. On February 10, he  said: You know, a lot of people think it goes away in April with the  heat, when the heat comes in. That is what the President said in  February about the coronavirus.   He also tells us that climate change is a myth. He tells us that our  planet is not in grave danger. He makes fun of the science of climate  change the way he makes fun of wearing a mask.   Now the ``Denier in Chief'' says when it gets cooler it will go away,  that the fires in the west coast will just go away. His answer to  coronavirus is that when it gets warmer, it will go away. When he deals  with the science of climate change, he says: When it gets cooler, the  fires will go away.   The west coast of the United States is on fire, and 10 percent of  Oregon is under evacuation order. A warning--that is half a million  people. We have dozens of wildfires burning right now in California,  including the largest in the history of that State. It has blotted out  the sun for hundreds and hundreds of miles. The Southwest is shrouded  in a horrifying, constant twilight.   We can keep looking at these things in isolation, as if somehow or  other they are not connected. Each fiery conflagration, each hurricane,  each devastating flood, each ungodly windstorm that wipes out a whole  year of crops--we can say they have nothing to do with each other or we  can look at the truth and listen to the science and say enough is  enough.   We can lie to ourselves and say, as Trump does, that one day these  things will just ``magically disappear,'' depending upon whether the  heat or cooling will solve the problem. But we all know better. We know  that unless we act now, the fires will happen annually and burn hotter  and larger each summer, each fall in our country. We know that the  hurricanes will get worse and more frequent. Two made landfall at once  this year. We know that they will disrupt and destroy the economies of  the gulf and the eastern seaboard.   How many times can we ask our people to rebuild? We know that  midwestern floods will grow each year, drowning out a whole way of life  and making refugees of our farmers. We know that the windstorms like  those this year will continue to destroy  [[Page S5587]]  crops. Iowa lost 43 percent of its corn and soybeans this year.    No, it will not magically disappear. We need a Green New  Deal. We need a solution that matches the magnitude of the problem.   I yield back to the Presiding Officer. I appreciate his indulgence.   