 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at  the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, Operation Warp Speed is an  unprecedented public-private partnership to accelerate the development,  manufacturing, and distribution of COVID-19 vaccines, therapeutics, and  diagnostics.   One of the goals of this program is to have 300 million doses of safe  and effective vaccine by January 2021. Next week, Moderna plans to  start a phase 3 trial. Two other companies are right behind, expecting  to begin phase 3 within weeks.   The speed which the process has taken is truly ``warp speed.'' This  could  [[Page H3605]]  not occur without the private sector and the Federal Government working  hand in hand on this herculean effort.   Companies are taking enormous financial risks to conduct research,  develop vaccine candidates, and create more manufacturing capacity at  record speed. The Federal Government has poured billions more into the  vaccine effort, yet countries like China are trying to steal America's  work in developing a COVID vaccine for their benefit.   As confirmed by intelligence agencies--DHS and FBI--the Chinese  Government, the Russian Government, and other hackers are trying to  steal intellectual property and Americans' health data related to  vaccine treatments, testing from COVID-19 researchers. In fact, DOJ  charged Chinese hackers just 3 hours ago.   Since the start of this crisis, the Chinese Communist Party has done  everything they can to prevent the world from responding to and  recovering from the pandemic. Not only did they keep COVID-19 a secret  from their own citizens, but they hid it from the world for months  after the first outbreak.   When word got out about the virus, the Chinese Communist Party lied  about human-to-human transmission. Then they arrested doctors,  journalists, and other whistleblowers who dared to warn their fellow  Chinese citizens of the dangers of the virus. Many of these  whistleblowers are still missing and presumed dead.   Researchers at Columbia University--not necessarily a bastion of  conservatism, I might add--those scientists at Columbia University  said, had China notified the world just 1 week sooner, 61 percent of  American deaths could have been prevented.   Think about that. Sixty-one percent of 143,000 is 87,000-plus  Americans who would not be dead had China spoken up just 1 week sooner.   Indicative of their past mercantilist actions, China hoarded PPE in  the early days of the virus. Despite dominating global PPE  manufacturing, China hoarded the world's PPE. U.S. exports of PPE to  China grew over 1,000 percent in January and February compared with the  same period last year. In their time of need, we sent them PPE. Italy  even donated PPE to China.   What did China do? Well, they sold them the very PPE Italy had  donated to them and refused to ship PPE to the United States, decrying  regulatory violations, to keep PPE away from us during our peak need.   But it still wasn't enough. Now the Chinese Communist Party is  hacking researchers who are trying to find a cure for the very  worldwide pandemic that they tried to cover up.   Make no mistake, if the Chinese Communist Party steals the vaccine,  they will leverage it for their own self-interested political and  economic ends, which really boils down to one thing and one thing only:  The communists want power; they want totalitarian power.   We must show the Chinese Communist Party that there are consequences  for these actions which pose a clear threat to the safety of our fellow  Americans. If Chinese companies or individuals hack COVID-19  researchers, they should be punished with tough sanctions.   This MTR enables sanctions against individuals responsible for  significant, malicious, cyber-enabled activities that endanger the  public health of Americans. It also requires a report on whether cyber  hacking related specifically to COVID-19 qualifies for such sanctions.   Now, to those who say it should go through regular order in  committee, I say we cannot wait. Every day, people are dying from  COVID-19. We need a vaccine now. We cannot afford for China to steal  American work and then leverage it against the United States and the  world.   We cannot spare the weeks, maybe even months, a stand-alone bill  would take. Americans are dying, China is hacking, and we in Congress  must act. Researchers need to be protected now.   We have an opportunity. It is time for a bipartisan effort. Think of  the message that we will send the Chinese Communist Party: Hacking  American intellectual property will not be tolerated, especially when  it jeopardizes the lives of Americans.   If we can't agree on punishing those who hack the heroes fighting for  a cure for COVID, I don't know what we can agree on.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this MTR, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   