 Mr. President, General Secretary Xi is a  dictator and human rights violator. He is yet another Communist leader  trying to be the dominant world power.   The Chinese Communist Party is stripping the people of Hong Kong of  their freedoms, cracking down on dissidents, militarizing the South  China Sea, supporting Maduro's genocide in Venezuela, surveilling its  citizens, and imprisoning more than 1 million Uighurs in internment  camps simply because of their religion.   Communist China is committing genocide against the Uighurs. It  doesn't end there. Recent reports indicate that the Communist Party of  China is attempting the same thing in Tibet, forcing hundreds of  thousands of people in Tibet into mass labor camps. We know the Chinese  Communist Party and their puppets continue to silence and intimidate  those standing up  [[Page S6443]]  for democracy and human rights. They detain and harass journalists to  try and prevent the truth from getting out. Foreigners and journalists  working and traveling in Communist China do so at their own risk.   Just last week, Communist China began threatening to take Americans  as hostages. The national security threat of Communist China cannot be  taken lightly. The censorship of these human rights abuses cannot be  ignored.   General Secretary Xi doesn't want us to know about the oppression  occurring under his regime. For years, the Communist Government in  China has tried to push its propaganda in America through state-owned  media outlets while refusing to treat American journalists in China  fairly. We saw this firsthand earlier this year. Chinese-backed  propaganda outlets peddled China's lies about the coronavirus and  endangered the lives of Americans.   In March, the Chinese Communist Party expelled more than a dozen U.S.  journalists and required other outlets to submit written reports of  their staff, finances, operations, and real estate in China. We cannot  allow this mistreatment to continue, and we have to take action.   I am proud to sponsor the Chinese-Backed Media Accountability Act to  create accountability for Communist China's censorship of free speech  and failure to treat American journalists fairly. My bill prevents new  visas to Chinese-backed journalists until we know exactly how many  Chinese propaganda journalists are operating in the United States, and  it creates reciprocity by making sure the number of Chinese-backed  journalists in the United States is equal to the amount of independent  American journalists allowed in China.   We have to stand up and say that this behavior by Communist China is  unacceptable, and I look forward to all of my colleagues' supporting  this proposal.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration  of S. 4797 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration;  further, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I am disappointed my Democratic  colleague doesn't want to focus on the global impact of General  Secretary Xi's censorship. I clearly don't understand why my Democratic  colleagues refuse to stand up to Communist China. They have stopped  every attempt to protect Americans from this threat.   Again and again, the Democrats block efforts to hold Communist China  accountable and never try to work with us to come up with solutions.   They blocked my resolution to move the 2022 Olympics out of Communist  China. They blocked my bill to prevent Communist China from stealing or  sabotaging American COVID-19 vaccine research, even as American lives  depend on the rapid development of this vaccine.   Now they are turning a blind eye to the censorship of American  journalists in China. Chinese state-backed journalists in America push  the propaganda of the Chinese Communist Party. It is time to wake up  and understand that the oppression at the hand of General Secretary Xi  and the Chinese Government Party will not stop.   This is about the safety of Americans and about freedom around the  world. This is about standing up for human rights.   We must act, and passing the Chinese-Backed Media Accountability Act  takes real steps to hold Communist China accountable for their failure  to treat American journalists fairly.   I am not going to stop working to make sure there is reciprocity  between our nations and that we understand how many Chinese propaganda  journalists are operating in the United States. We must, together, do  everything in our power to fight for freedom and hold Communist China  and General Secretary Xi accountable, and I hope, at some point, my  Democratic colleagues will join me in this fight.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I yield back.   