 Madam President, the world is celebrating major  developments in the global race for a vaccine. All year, since this  pandemic hit, our greatest scientific minds have been working around  the clock to develop a vaccine that will finally bring the pandemic and  the crisis associated with it to an end. Researchers are testing dozens  of vaccines in the hope of finding at least one that can stop the  spread of the virus, which has claimed more than 1.2 million lives  worldwide and nearly 240,000 here in the United States alone.   Early data from Pfizer's vaccine trial gives us a lot of reasons to  be hopeful when the company announced on Monday that its vaccine was  more than 90 percent effective in preventing the disease. For  reference, standard flu vaccines for the seasonal flu are typically 40  to 60 percent effective, so 90 percent is a big deal. This breakthrough  is a testament to the ingenuity and the near-universal commitment to  trying to find a vaccine that will eliminate the threat of this  pandemic, and it is a sign of hope for all people around the world.   Later this month, once Pfizer has collected the recommended 2 months  of safety data, the company plans to request emergency authorization  for the vaccine from the Food and Drug Administration. By the end of  the year, it will have manufactured enough doses to immunize 15 to 20  million people. Congress has made tremendous investments in the  development of therapeutics and of vaccines through the CARES Act, and  I am incredibly proud of the men and women who have led this fight on  the frontlines, including in my State of Texas.   During preclinical trials over the summer, scientists at the Texas  Biomedical Research Institute in San Antonio tested the Pfizer vaccine  on monkeys, with impressive results. Dr. Deepak Kaushal, who oversaw  the study, said they saw a 100-percent protection rate in the monkeys  that were given the Pfizer vaccine.   Once it was ready for human trials, hundreds of Texans volunteered to  be vaccinated. Nearly 200 patients from Austin have participated in the  study. The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston has enrolled  more than 500 participants at its three sites in Galveston, League  City, and Clear  [[Page S6667]]  Lake City, and hundreds more in the Dallas-Forth Worth area have  volunteered to be part of the trial.   One of those Texans is a woman named Andrea Lucia, who received her  first dose of the vaccine from a clinic in Keller, TX, in late  September and returned for the second dose 3 weeks later. Like other  volunteers in a double-blind study, where half gets a placebo and the  other half gets the vaccine, Andrea doesn't know if she received the  vaccine or not, but every week, she is asked if she has any symptoms.  Andrea said she will have occasional followup appointments over the  next year and a half, and once the vaccine becomes publicly available,  she will find out if she received it already through the clinical  trials.   I thank Andrea and the thousands of men and women like her who have  volunteered to test these vaccines in the ongoing clinical trials. They  have risked their own health to ensure the world can access a safe and  effective vaccine as quickly as possible and, of course, subject to the  determination by the Food and Drug Administration that it is safe and  effective.   Of course, none of this would be possible without the brilliant  researchers, scientists, doctors, and nurses who sprinted at full speed  in the race for this vaccine for months on end. America is proud of  their heroic work, and we will keep cheering them on and supporting  their work as the race for a vaccine continues   