 Mr. President, I oppose the confirmation of Russell  Vought to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Mr.  Vought's tenure as Acting Director of OMB has been characterized by  mismanagement, political corruption, and lawbreaking. He is unfit to  lead OMB.   Mr. Vought played an active role in President Trump's corrupt scheme  to  [[Page S4259]]  pressure Ukraine to interfere on President Trump's behalf in the 2020  election. In furtherance of that scheme, OMB illegally withheld  security assistance for Ukraine under Mr. Vought's leadership, which  violated the Impoundment Control Act according to the independent and  nonpartisan Government Accountability Office. GAO even stated that  OMB's stonewalling of their inquiry had ``constitutional significance''  due to the undermining of legislative branch oversight. During his  confirmation hearing, Mr. Vought could not even explain why OMB  stonewalled GAO's inquiry by refusing to turn over relevant documents  requested by GAO and then failed to provide a reason for withholding  these documents in response to my questions following the hearing.   Mr. Vought is among those responsible for the Trump administration's  disastrous response to the COVID-19 pandemic. OMB dragged its feet on  requesting urgently needed resources to respond to the pandemic, which  led to deadly shortages of key supplies. Due to insufficient guidance  from OMB and the Office of Personnel Management, Federal agencies are  moving forward with haphazard plans to bring teleworking employees back  into offices in ways that needlessly risk spreading COVID-19 among  Federal workers, their families, and surrounding communities.   OMB is responsible for preparing the President's budget, and Mr.  Vought has advanced budgets that would pay for tax cuts for the wealthy  and corporations by slashing support for healthcare, education, and  nutrition assistance. The Trump administration would have been even  less prepared for COVID-19 if Congress enacted the cuts in these  budgets to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Mr. Vought  personally called for cutting the CDC budget as recently as March 10,  2020, when the pandemic was sweeping the country. At that time, Mr.  Vought insisted that he would not send a budget amendment to reverse  these cuts. The administration was forced by circumstances to submit  such a budget amendment shortly thereafter.   The Senate should not reward this record of failure and lawbreaking  by confirming Mr. Vought's nomination.   