 Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey for  her service and for allowing me to speak today.   I also want to thank my friend, Ranking Member   Tom Graves, who I  now have had the privilege of working with for a fourth year managing  this bill. He was previously chairman. He was always helpful,  cooperative, and gracious. I thank him for his partnership throughout  this process, and we will miss him next year.   I would also like to thank the staff on both sides for the hard work  that goes on behind the scenes in developing this legislation. From my  personal office, that includes Juan and Bridget; and from our committee  staff on the majority side, Laura, Marybeth, Elliott, Aalok, Parker,  and Matt; and from our minority staff, John Martens. For the committee  staff particularly, I know it has not been easy, as you have been  working remotely.   The bill before us today provides $24.64 billion in total  discretionary funding. This is an increase of $808 million above 2020.   We also include $67 billion in emergency funding for broadband,  Federal buildings, and land ports of entry across the Nation.   The FSGG bill encompasses a wide range of programs, everything from  the IRS to the Federal courts to the District of Columbia to the  General Services Administration.   A longstanding priority of mine has been to help States and local  governments meet the challenge of restoring the security and integrity  of our elections. To this end, the bill includes $500 million for  election security grants to help States acquire resources and equipment  to conduct safe and secure and on-time elections.   This issue is especially relevant now, as States are currently facing  the need to adjust their processes to accommodate conducting an  election in the middle of a pandemic.   Also of importance, the FSGG bill includes $12.1 billion for the IRS,  an increase of more than $606 million above fiscal year 2020. This is a  good first step toward restoring the draconian cuts this agency has  suffered for almost a decade.   The IRS has played a critical role in the disbursement of stimulus  checks during the height of the tax filing season. While its rollout  has not been without its challenges, it has highlighted how important  it is for the IRS to have proper funding.   Notably, the bill makes significant investments in taxpayer services,  helping to provide better resources for taxpayers, especially for low- income individuals and the elderly, and investment to support more  efficient and effective enforcement activities to address all  taxpayers, including those in the higher tax brackets, as well as an  investment in business systems modernization and to help improve their  outdated IT and operating systems.   The bill also ensures capital and other assistance gets to small  businesses and those who are underbanked in low-income communities. For  instance, we rejected the President's proposal to essentially eliminate  the Community Development Financial Institution Fund and included  $273.5 million for CDFIs.   The bill also provides $277 million for the Small Business  Administration's entrepreneurial development programs to help small  businesses expand and grow.   We also reject the administration's efforts to sideline funds to  combat the opioid epidemic. We include $290 million for High Intensity  Drug Trafficking Areas and $102 million for the Drug-Free Communities  program.   The bill includes $7.8 billion in discretionary appropriations for  the judicial branch, an increase of $287 million, to fund protective  services and physical security needs in courthouses and to ensure the  continued operations of the Federal judiciary.    We also increase funding for agencies to protect everyday consumers  and retail investors: the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the  Federal Trade Commission, and the Securities and Exchange Commission.   Finally, the bill takes steps toward reducing undue congressional  interference in local D.C. affairs and eliminates restrictions on the  District that do not apply to other parts of the Nation. Importantly,  it ends the uniquely restrictive prohibition on the use of locally  raised funds for abortions.   In closing, I would like to reiterate how grateful I am to all the  staff that helped put this product together. It is a bill we can all be  proud of, and I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this  legislation.   