 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    I ask to be recognized.    Mr. President, we have a vote coming up--it could be the  end of this week--that has to do with the arms sales to the United Arab  Emirates. I strongly support this; however, some of my colleagues do  not support it, and there is now a joint resolution of disapproval. I  would hope that we would really stop and think about that because this  is a very significant thing that we are talking about.   The agreement between Israel and UAE is one of the Abraham Accords.  It is a very significant one. It is one that President Trump was able  to get together with the two countries, Israel and UAE, and it is  really a great thing. It is a major breakthrough in the Middle East.   He has done a lot of great things, the President has. I know he is  controversial, but in terms of his energy policy, the military, and the  economy he has been right on target.   So anyway, Arab-Israeli peace is not unprecedented, but the agreement  between Israel and the UAE has moved further and faster than any other  agreements that preceded it in the past.   It seems that the UAE and Israel are finding new areas of cooperation  almost every day. They are now working together on security, pandemic  response, education, and even media. This partnership is deep and  reflects the growing acceptance of our friend Israel in the region.   Most importantly, it did not require Israel to do anything. They  didn't have to give up anything. So this is a major, major achievement.  Now is the time to take advantage of the gains that we have.   President Trump has treated Israel like a friend, and other countries  have rushed in to that friendship. We have several other countries in  Africa and in the Middle East who are joined in with Israel that have  never been there before.   The sale ensures that Israel's qualitative military edge is not  affected. We know this because the Israelis themselves have said this.  Moreover, this sale deepens the UAE's partnership with the United  States and prevents it from turning toward China and Russia.   Now, this is the problem that we have. If we don't do this, if we  don't cooperate with these countries in the Middle East, then you are  going to have China and Russia out there taking advantage of it.   The UAE is worthy of this sale because it is strongly aligned with  the United States in the Middle East. It is a vital counterterrorism  partner. The UAE has fought alongside our troops in Afghanistan and  against ISIS. They have been our friend for a long time.   It is also vital to the U.S. efforts against Iran--both Iran's  ambition of regional dominance and its support for terrorist proxies.   Voting down this sale would signal to our partners that even when  they do everything that we ask--fight alongside our soldiers, pursue  shared interests in the region, and make meaningful peace with Israel-- the United States won't have their backs. This is not the reputation  that we want to gain.   The truth is, they are reliable, and we appreciate that. We are  reliable, and the United States has long stood with its partner Israel  against its adversary, the Iranian regime.   This sale to the UAE is consistent with that approach. Nobody here  would support it if Israel were not on board, but they are on board.  What is more, they will bolster our longstanding efforts to counter  Iran's nefarious regional activities.   The UAE is a strong partner that already has cutting-edge technology  from our F-16 activity. They have been using that fighter aircraft for  a long period of time, and this sale of the F-35 fighter jet is a  continuation of that partnership.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the sale and to  oppose the joint resolution of disapproval. A vote against the  resolution is a vote for peace in the Middle East. A vote for this  resolution is a vote to give Iran, China, and Russia more power and  influence in that region, and it would make our world less safe. It  would send a message, also, around the world that we don't support our  friends. It is a very significant vote to take place for the successes  we have had in the Middle East, and I encourage people to oppose the  resolution of disapproval.   I yield the floor.   