 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to  H.R. 1140, the Rights for Transportation Security Officers Act.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman Thompson for his work on this important  bill to help get our Transportation Security officers, or TSOs, onto  the General Schedule scale and give them needed workplace protections  that other Federal workers receive.   Every week, other Members of Congress and I see the vital role  Transportation Security officers perform in keeping our country safe.  They are essential to national security.   Unfortunately, there is a serious employee recruitment and retention  problem at the Transportation Security Administration.   In 2017, the TSA spent $75 million just on recruitment, hiring, and  training costs. Over 1,900 TSOs quit that year, at a cost of $16  million to the taxpayer.   Putting these employees on the GS scale will help with these  retention issues.   Additionally, Congress needs to ensure we recruit the most qualified  individuals to combat terrorism and keep travelers safe. In order to do  that, we need to know how the TSA is recruiting top candidates,  including military veterans.   My amendment requires a GAO study on how the TSA recruits workers  and, specifically, TSA's efforts to recruit veterans and military  spouses.  [[Page H1511]]    In San Diego, where we have the third largest veteran population in  the country, we often see vets continuing to serve their country  through Federal employment. Security jobs like those in the TSA demand  a competency often found in military veterans. Hiring vets is an asset  to the TSA, but we have heard from TSOs in my district that job  dissatisfaction prompts many of them to leave the TSA in favor of  working elsewhere.   The GAO study I am proposing will also provide recommendations for  improvement, enabling the TSA to continue cultivating a workforce that  complements the goals of the agency and responsibly spends our tax  dollars.   Many Members of this Chamber, on both sides of the aisle, have stood  on this floor and championed the cause of hiring vets and military  spouses. It is a policy that we have incentivized private corporations  to implement, and we have criticized employers for not doing or doing  improperly.   Mr. Chair, I ask that my colleagues support this amendment so that we  can ensure TSA is effectively recruiting the most qualified candidates  and spending our taxpayer dollars wisely.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson), my colleague and the chair  of the committee.    Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Rogers) not opposing this particular amendment, understanding his  reservations about the underlying bill.   I think what we are trying to do in good faith is to address some of  the issues that he has raised about what some of the best procedures  are to pursue going forward.   Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues for their support, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   