 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  California, my good friend, Mr. Huffman, for yielding time. I also  thank Chairman Grijalva and the staff on the Committee on Natural  Resources for their work and partnership on H.R. 970, the Robert E. Lee  Statue Removal Act.   Mr. Speaker, my bill, which I first introduced last Congress, would  remove the statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from Antietam  National Battlefield in Sharpsburg, Maryland. Antietam was the site of  immense bloodshed during the Civil War.   After 12 hours of combat, 23,000 Union and Confederate soldiers were  killed, wounded, or missing. It remains the bloodiest day in American  history, and thousands come every year to learn about the war over  slavery that almost divided our Union.   On this Federal land stands a 24-foot statue of General Lee. It was  commissioned with the explicit intent of honoring the Confederacy and  glorifies the Confederacy, its leaders, the cause of slavery, and open  rebellion against the United States of America.   The Lee statue was built by a private citizen in 2003--as you heard,  138 years after the end of the Civil War--and later acquired by the  National Park Service. It is also historically inaccurate.   The monument depicts General Lee riding to the battlefield on  horseback, but the evidence shows the General actually traveled to a  different part of a battlefield in an ambulance due to a broken wrist.   The monument claims that Lee was ``personally against secession and  slavery.'' Yet Lee was a brutal slave owner. He fought for the  Confederacy and defended the savage institution of slavery, and he led  an army that kidnapped free African Americans and massacred  surrendering Black Union soldiers.   Instead of teaching us the dark lessons of our history, this statue  sanitizes the actions of men who fought a war to keep Black Americans  in chains. This is just one monument, among many.   Throughout our history, monuments to the Confederacy have been used  to  [[Page H7119]]  rally white supremacists and intimidate Black Americans. The majority  of these monuments were built post-Reconstruction by Confederate  apologists, segregationists, and opponents of civil rights.   We next saw a resurgence of statues honoring the Confederacy during  the 1960s and 1970s, when white supremacists attempted to roll back the  progress being made during the civil rights movement. As monuments went  up, Black men, women, and children were being lynched.   Confederate monuments served as a reminder of the power that white  supremacists attempted to yield and assert over Black Americans.  Earlier this week, the House voted to remove the names from military  bases and property that honor the Confederacy. We should take the same  steps for statues honoring the Confederacy in our national public  spaces.   Reckoning with our shared history and this country's past injustices  doesn't dishonor the Nation; it makes it stronger. There are  appropriate settings--museums, libraries, and classrooms--to teach  future generations of the insidious effort to defend the violent  institution of slavery. But there is no reason why any of our Nation's  public spaces should have monuments that celebrate those who betrayed  their country.   There is only one side in the Civil War we should be honoring, and  that is of the United States. And we should celebrate figures who  fought to preserve our Union and those who helped rebuild our Nation  after the Civil War--the men and women who marched and protested and  died for this country to live up to our founding ideals.   Removing the monument at Antietam and those across our country is not  an insult to any State or region. It would simply be acknowledgment  that the cause the Confederacy fought for--the cause of slavery--was  wrong, that Jim Crow and violent resistance of civil rights for all  people is wrong.   It is long past time for the Robert E. Lee statue on Antietam  Battlefield to come down, and I urge my colleagues to support this  bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from  further consideration of House Resolution 1253 and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take  from the Speaker's table the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 51)  correcting the enrollment of S. 1869, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution.   