 Mr. President, observers of the U.S. Senate might take  note that their Senators just passed a host of bills and cleared a host  of items from the calendar, representing bipartisan accomplishments on  behalf of the leadership of the Senate--Republican leadership and  Democratic leadership--a great deal of work by chairs and ranking  members of committees and subcommittees, and I salute both sides of the  aisle for these accomplishments.   In the same vein, we will vote in a few moments on a cloture motion  for the judicial nomination of Kristi Haskins Johnson, and I would  think that this would be another opportunity for a strong bipartisan  vote. We passed two judges last week, as I recall, and both judges were  confirmed with strong bipartisan support--strong support and welcome  support on both sides of the aisle. And I would think that with regard  to this particular nominee--our Mississippi candidate, Kristi Haskins  Johnson--she would continue in that vein this afternoon and later on  this week when I hope we will be voting to confirm her.   It is noteworthy that the Southern District of Mississippi has never  had a woman Federal judge, and so Kristi Johnson will break new ground  in that regard, and I am particularly delighted that this momentous  accomplishment is right upon us.   She has had the distinct honor for the last several months of being  Mississippi's first solicitor general. So this could turn out to be a  groundbreaking year and a barrier-shattering year in more than one way  for soon-to-be Judge Johnson.   In her current role as solicitor general, she serves as Mississippi's  lead advocate for appellate litigation and works closely with the State  attorney general in crafting legal strategy for significant legal cases  in Mississippi and on a national scale. She has received the highest  recommendation that a candidate for U.S. district judge can receive  from the American Bar Association, and that is a ``qualified'' rating.  As we know, candidates for appeals court judge can get a rating of  ``highly qualified.'' The best you can get for district judge is  ``qualified,'' so she received the highest rating she could possibly  receive and rightly so.   She has a unique record of accomplishment as a public servant, a  private attorney, a scholar, and a professor. She served over 5 years  in the U.S. attorney's office in Jackson. There she prosecuted fraud  and financial crimes as part of the Civil Division. Before that, she  made her mark in private practice at the firm of Ogletree, Deakins,  Nash, Smoak & Stewart in Jackson, MS, focusing there on labor law and  employment issues.   Kristi Johnson is a native of Hurley, MS, population 985, in Jackson  County, MS. She attended school there and then went on to receive her  undergraduate degree at the University of Mississippi, graduating in  2003. And then she was admitted to law school at Mississippi College  School of Law, where she graduated summa cum laude, second in her  class. As a law student, she served not only on the law review but as  executive editor of the Mississippi College Law Review and received  numerous American jurisprudence awards in areas such as criminal  procedure, legal research and writing, and employment discrimination.   So excellence all the way through, including the time that she served  as a clerk, both as a clerk at the district court level for Judge  Sharion Aycock, Mississippi's first female district court judge in the  Northern District of Mississippi, and then for appeals court judge,  Leslie Southwick in the Fifth Circuit.   She takes time to share her skills as a teacher and an adjunct  professor at her alma mater of Mississippi College School of Law. Ms.  Johnson is a member of the American Inns of Court, the Federal Bar  Association, and the Federalist Society. She resides in Brandon, MS.   In summary, I am just delighted by the fact that we are going to make  some news and hurdle some previously existing barriers with this  outstanding nominee. She has the academic, judicial, and personal  qualifications necessary for a Federal jurist. I think she is going to  make a great judge. People back home in Mississippi believe this also.  It is my hope that we can invoke cloture in just a few moments in a  strong bipartisan way, leading to the confirmation later on this week  of Kristi Haskins Johnson   I yield the floor.   