 Madam President, I will be brief.   Let me just tell the Senator from Massachusetts that I agree with  everything he has said. It shows how people of, maybe, different  political ideologies--certainly different parties--can come together  and recognize that there is a moment available to us here in which we  can demonstrate our nonpartisan support for this act of racial  reconciliation in our country.   I agree that slavery was the original sin. Our founding documents  said that all men and women were created equal, but that certainly  wasn't the practice when it came to African Americans at the time who  were officially designated as something less than fully human. It was  an outrageous act at the time, and our country has paid a dear price  for that over the years--from the Civil War to the violence that led up  to the peaceful civil rights movement in the sixties. It is obvious  from the recent events--George Floyd's death in particular--that we are  not where we need to be. We still have room to grow as part of our  developing that more perfect Union.   I know our friend and colleague Tim Scott, who has been at the  forefront of this discussion with his advocacy for the Justice Act, has  a lot of bipartisan ideas for police reform. He points out that, as an  African American, his experience has been much different from  [[Page S4391]]  those who are non-African Americans. He said, over the last two  decades, he has been stopped--as he puts it, ``driving while Black''-- about 18 different times.   At a roundtable that was sponsored by Mayor Sylvester Turner and that  I had requested, I sat next to a pastor of a church in Houston who  happened to be the local head of the NAACP.   He said: I honor the police. I respect the police. I support the  police. Yet he said: My son is afraid of the police, and we have to do  everything we can to cure that trust deficit.   In Texas, we have recognized Juneteenth as a State holiday for 40  years, obviously, because of the fact that this occurred as a result of  the Emancipation Proclamation's being announced in Galveston, TX. Yet I  recently cosponsored a bill with Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee to  study a trail, basically, from Galveston to Houston as the possible  designation of a national park in further recognition of this event.   I believe strongly that we need to remember our history because if we  don't remember our history, in the words of one sage, ``we will be  condemned to relive it.'' We have come so far, but we know we still  have further to go. I do believe that the appropriate word to use is  ``reconciliation.'' This is an opportunity for us to demonstrate our  concern and our commitment to equal justice and equal treatment under  the law by recognizing Juneteenth as a Federal holiday.   