 Madam President, some months ago, in July of this year, I  came to this floor shortly after the conclusion of the Supreme Court's  most recent term to lament the ongoing judicial activism--the judicial  imperialism--that we have seen from this Court over this past term and  from the Supreme Court for years on end.   I quote the late Justice Scalia who said: ``The imperial judiciary  lives.''   I said on the floor of this Senate--and it was a shame to say but was  undeniable--that the imperial judiciary continued to live in this  country--a judiciary intent and a Supreme Court intent on legislating  from the Bench, on making up laws that went along with no regard for  what the people actually wrote in their statutes or in their laws.   I particularly lamented the position of religious conservatives, of  people of faith, who had seen in this past term from the U.S. Supreme  Court decision after decision that tossed aside the concerns of  religious conservatives and faithful Americans and who had watched the  Supreme Court legislate and depart from the text of written laws with  barely any concern for the effects on religious liberties. In fact, it  tossed aside concerns about religious liberty, religious freedom, and  in one or two lines of opinions, the effect on religious institutions.  This is what we have been seeing from the U.S. Supreme Court.   Religious conservatives have come to a place of asking: What is it  that we are fighting for? What is it that we have been working for and  voting for all of these years? Is anybody actually listening to us? Do  our votes really matter?   Those are the questions that religious conservatives were asking in  July of this year, and that is why the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett  to the Supreme Court of the United States comes as such historic and  welcomed news to people of faith in this country, to religious  conservatives, and to all who believe in the rule of law in America.   The nomination of Amy Coney Barrett is truly historic. This is the  most openly pro-life judicial nominee to the Supreme Court in my  lifetime. This is an individual who has been open in her criticism of  that illegitimate decision Roe v. Wade.   She is a nominee who has been open about her faith and her faith  commitments and the way she and her husband live their lives--immersed  in their Catholic faith--and raise their children in their Catholic  faith and want others to have the freedom to be able to do the same.  Her nomination and, I anticipate, her confirmation tonight, in just a  few hours on this floor, will show that there is nothing wrong with any  of that.   In fact, people of faith should be welcomed on the Supreme Court of  the United States, and people of Judge Barrett's convictions should be  welcomed on the Supreme Court of the United States. In just a few  hours, with the vote of this body, we will confirm that this is,  indeed, the case.   I have to say that Judge Barrett's own positions and her convictions  give me great confidence that she understands the difference between  judging and legislating--that she will not be a judicial imperialist as  I have talked about on this floor in months past.   Now, I said earlier this year that I would not vote for a Supreme  Court nominee who did not understand the difference between judging, on  the one hand, and legislating on the other and that I would not vote  for a judicial imperialist. I specifically singled out Roe v. Wade and  said that I would not vote for a Supreme Court nominee who did not  understand that Roe was an act of judicial imperialism and that,  indeed, I wanted to see record evidence that the nominee understood  that Roe was an act of judicial imperialism and understood the  difference between legislating from the Bench and actually adhering to  the Constitution and the laws.   I am proud to support the nomination and confirmation of Judge Amy  Barrett because her record makes abundantly clear that she understands  the role of a judge and that she understands the role that the  Constitution assigns to the judiciary. It is not the role of  legislating. It is not the role of imposing policy preferences or  personal views. It is the role of following the law. Her record  indicates that she understands that and is committed to following that  role and committed to reviving that approach, that constitutional  approach to judgment--that she will fight for it and revive it on the  Supreme Court of the United States.   So I am delighted to support her nomination. I am delighted to have  someone of her convictions. I am delighted to have someone who has  taken the stances that she has taken as a legal practitioner, as an  academic, and as a judge. Yes, that includes her position on life, and,  yes, that includes her position on Roe.   We will set a precedent tonight that people of faith and people of  the convictions that Judge Barrett has and shares are welcomed in this  country in every office. They are welcomed on the highest Court in the  land, and we need not ask people of convictions to give up those  convictions in order to serve on the Supreme Court of the United  States. We need not say: Oh, you have to scrub your personal views. Oh,  you have to pretend that you don't have religious faith or you have to  pretend that it doesn't matter to you. You have to renounce your past  record. We do not have to do any of that.   What we have to ask them to do is to understand the difference  between judging and lawmaking. What we have to ask them to do is to  understand their role that the Constitution assigns them. We have to  ask them to be committed to following the law. I am convinced, based on  her record, that Judge Barrett will do exactly that.   For those reasons, I am delighted to support her confirmation, and I  look forward to this historic vote in just a few hours' time.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   