 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding.   I also add my thanks to my good friend, Chair Lowey, upon her  retirement from Congress. Thank you so much for your grace-filled  leadership all these years. I am very happy for you in this new phase  of life.   Also, Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Agricultural, Rural  Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee publicly here, Chair Sanford Bishop. He has such a  professionalism and courtesy and a working, friendly bipartisan spirit.  I really think it is important that America hears that.   Mr. Speaker, this bill underwrites the stabilization policies for our  farmers and ranchers, the protection of our drug supply, and what I  call the farm of the future.   Now, these elongated deliberations have created extra time for us  here in Congress. I know you would probably prefer to be in Maryland. I  certainly would prefer to be in Nebraska. But we have had important  work to do here.   Given the extra amount of time, I took some liberties and I visited  with a young farmer near here, Mr. Speaker. He lives in the Shenandoah  Valley. And on a cold Virginia night, I actually sanitized my own shoes  and walked with him in his poultry house, and we talked. We talked  about costs, fertilizer reuse, mechanical versus digital monitors, and  options for integrating renewable energy into his operations.   Checking his birds is a routine he dutifully performs. And that is  what America's farmers are about: constancy, vigilance, hard work. And  whether it is in the field or among livestock, the day in and day out  life of the farmer in Nebraska or Virginia or Georgia is what keeps  America strong and helps feed the world.   This bill supports our production agricultural system in many  traditional ways, while we also witness an opportunity to expand the  farm family. New forms of small-scale niche agriculture marry high-tech  with high-touch, connecting the rural to the urban, the farmer to the  family, and the farm to the table. This is the future of farming.  [[Page H7306]]    Of particular importance, the bill supports rural broadband, as well  as protecting our drug supply. It is an important bill from the  constructs of the most basic systems in America.   