 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to provide an  update on the bold, bipartisan action Congress is taking to respond to  the pandemic we have with the coronavirus.   First, we are all deeply saddened by the loss of life due to the  outbreak in this country and globally. I know, Mr. President, it has  affected your State in terms of disease as well as death; in my State,  disease, not yet death, and we are hoping to prevent that. All of us  remain very concerned about the great loss of life and the suffering  that is happening as a result of this.   These are extraordinary times. We are fighting a world war to defeat  a virus. We want to do it to save lives but also to keep people safe.   This war has two fronts. Mr. President, I know you discussed these on  television the other evening. I listened carefully about the impact on  your State. As you said, we are fighting on the front of public health  as well as the health of our economy.   The coronavirus right now is controlling our economy. It has taken a  dominant role. To stop this disease, the Nation has largely shut down.   These temporary restrictions on our daily activities are necessary in  an effort to limit new cases and the spread of the disease. Yet the  economic fallout is devastating millions of hard-working American  families. Once we defeat the virus, we will rebuild. Our economy will  bounce back. We are a strong and resilient Nation, and we always bounce  back, and we will again.   First, we need to make it through this medical crisis. This is going  to require big and bold and bipartisan action. The American people need  help. I would reassure the American people that Congress is responding.  This is a national rescue operation, as I see it, and help is on the  way.   President Trump and Congress are coming together in a bipartisan way  to ease the pain of the American people. It is going to take time. It  is going to happen. We are sending immediate relief, and we have done  that. We are sending financial support--plus medical support--to people  all across America.   The bill being considered on the floor right now is called the CARES  Act. It stands for Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act.  It will bolster our economy, and it will help working families. This  bill allows us to deliver direct cash payments to most Americans to see  people through this economic downturn. People who work in small  businesses and people who own small businesses will receive federally  guaranteed loans to help them stay viable and keep their businesses  viable so that they can keep their employees on the payroll until we  get to a point where they are--from a disease standpoint--able to  reopen the businesses. We want them to be viable when the day comes  that businesses can reopen all across America.   The CARES Act is major legislation that will stabilize our economy  and protect American jobs. It also includes critical new support for  our healthcare workers and for patients.   I have introduced bipartisan CARES Act language, along with Senator  Michael Bennet of Colorado, with regard to healthcare. The goal is to  provide immediate relief for rural hospitals, for small community  hospitals, and for small physician practices. During this crisis, rural  hospitals and small healthcare providers are on the frontlines,  providing urgent care. They continue to work around-the-clock, keeping  communities in Wyoming and across the country safe.   These providers are stretched like never before. I have talked with  several of them in Wyoming over the past 24 hours. I talked to one this  morning whose coronavirus test has come back. It is negative, and he is  back in the fight today in the hospital.   Our bill provides rural hospitals with aid in the form of Federal  grants based on insurance payments. This will help make up for lost  revenue due to the forced cancellation of elective surgeries. Of  course, these are surgeries that have already been scheduled and  planned for patients needing surgeries. Yet, in terms of providing and  making sure we have the resources needed at those hospitals--the beds  available and personal protective equipment--elective surgeries have  been canceled. Small physician practices, hospitals, and rural  communities aren't able to tolerate that sort of loss of flow, just as  any business is not able to tolerate that sort of cashflow loss.   Small physician practices will receive low-interest loans based on  the payroll of that practice in terms of what we are doing with this  bill that Michael Bennet and I--in a bipartisan way--have introduced.  Rural healthcare workers need immediate, short-term financial relief to  help them through this crisis time.   The CARES Act also includes a number of important public health  provisions. Our bill eases the shortage of drugs and critical  equipment, including ventilators and medical masks. It expands testing  and ensures testing is free for patients, and it speeds the development  of new coronavirus vaccines and treatments since none have existed  before the disease was made known worldwide as a new virus, which it  is.   The CARES Act that we are at looking today on the floor of the Senate  also protects patients through the expanded use of health savings  accounts for telehealth. It expands telehealth access for Medicare  patients. It increases Medicare payments to hospitals treating  coronavirus patients.   The CARES Act will help employers and workers weather the storm that  we are facing because of coronavirus. Once the storm passes, you know,  as do I, that the American economy will continue to recover.   The CARES Act is the third coronavirus emergency bill considered in  the Senate. The first two have already been passed into law, signed by  the President. Earlier this month, Congress passed two major relief  packages: the first, an $8 billion emergency funding bill for our  healthcare system; the second, a $100 billion bill to provide  additional relief to affected families, to small businesses, and to  workers.   These three relief measures are only the beginning. More legislation  will be coming to address this unprecedented economic and public  healthcare crisis. Once we defeat the virus, the economy will recover;  America will be back. The American people are strong. We are resilient.  We are determined to get through this, and we will. We are all  Americans. We are all in it together.   Be assured that Congress will stop at nothing to ensure that America  and Americans survive and revive and thrive. This storm will pass. The  people of this great Nation will emerge stronger than ever. Americans  will defeat the coronavirus together.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   