 Mr. President, I want to start by saying thank you to my  friend from South Carolina--Lindsey Graham, chairman of the Judiciary  Committee spoke, but I mean my desk mate, Senator Scott from South  Carolina--not only for his leadership and hard work and the hard work  of Jennifer and the rest of that their team. Over the course of the  last 2 weeks, they have been working around the clock to lead our six- person working group on this project.   I want to thank Tim, not just for his leadership, but for his speech  30 minutes ago and for his spirit. That speech is a speech that needs  to be watched by every American.   I sincerely hope that the 100 people in this room will come together  and try to get an outcome and not just maintain a political issue as  has happened so often around here. I think if we had the process that  was the custom in the Senate until a few decades ago of committees  happening in the morning and the Senate convening for most of the  afternoon--if this room were actually full when Tim Scott delivered his  speech, it would be real tough for people to be talking about not  voting on the motion to proceed next week and getting on this piece of  legislation where we could then debate it and argue about it and fight  about technical pieces here and there and figure out how we make it  better. We would be on a piece of legislation, and we would be trying  to get an outcome. I sincerely hope that is true. I sincerely hope  people listen to Tim Scott's speech from today.   George Floyd's murder, obviously, shocked the nation. It shocked us  in two ways. It shocked us, on the one hand, because we saw a man being  murdered for 8 minutes and 46 seconds, and we saw three other police  officers stand by while he was murdered. But it also shocked us because  it reminded us, yet again, that America's struggle for equal justice  under the law is far, far from over.   The American creed is a beautiful thing. The American creed  celebrates the dignity, the inherent self-worth, the fact that we  believe, as so many of our Founders believed, that people were created  Imago Dei--created in the image of God as image bearers. That  [[Page S3045]]  dignity is male and female, Black and White. Every man, woman, and  child in this country is created with inherent dignity. They are  beautiful, and that creed is beautiful. That proposition that all men  are created equal should inspire every generation of Americans. We  aren't doing a very good job right now of passing on the glories of  that creed to the next generation. It is a beautiful and profound  creed, but throughout our history, our failures to live up to that  creed have been ugly over and over again.   George Floyd's murder was horrific for that man and for his family  and for everyone in his communities--Minneapolis, Houston, and other  places where that man had made a mark. But it was also horrific because  it was yet another reminder of all the ways that we fail to live up to  our creed. The creed is beautiful, and our execution has so often been  ugly.   When communities of color have lost faith in law enforcement, we  aren't living up to that creed. When an American tells you that he  fears being pulled over for driving while Black, we need a lot more  conversations in a lot more communities so people know this experience.   Again, Senator Scott is one of my closest friends in this body. The  experiences he has had with law enforcement in South Carolina are  different from the ones I have had with law enforcement in Nebraska.  The experiences he has on Capitol Hill with law enforcement have been  different from the experiences I have had on Capitol Hill. No one  should be wearing skin pigment or racial heritage as something that  changes our experience of law enforcement, yet it is regularly the  case. That is ugly. The creed is beautiful.   Our attempts to become and to be a more perfect Union and to live up  to the glories of that creed are an important part of our shared  project together. At the risk of sounding too theological, east of  Eden, sin is always ugly, and that includes America's original sin.  That tells us that we have work to do together.    We have work to do as 330 million Americans, but we have work to do  as 100 Senators. What that should mean is that next week we are going  to be in this body trying to live up to that creed and to do more.   There is a lot of technical stuff inside this bill. As Senator Scott  said, 70 percent of what is in this bill is pretty darn  noncontroversial, largely because it is lifted and summarizing many  pieces that are also in the House of Representatives' Democrat bill.   The JUSTICE Act puts forward a number of commonsense reforms that  seek to force more accountability. This has been stated on the floor  many times today, but I want to say it again: When police use lethal  force, there is a voluntary opportunity today for them to report that  to the FBI. We want to make that mandatory. We want all that data to be  captured and to be passed along so there is a lot more transparency on  all lethal uses of force.   The commonsense reforms include increasing police resources. There is  a lot of training that needs to be done better across this country.  There are a lot of practices in local law enforcement--when you look at  the 15,000, 16,000, whatever the current number is of local entities  that have the capability and capacity to have law enforcement  authorities, those policing powers, there is a lot of diversity in  their practices. Some of those practices are improving but are still  bad. Senator Scott and our legislation want to try to use the Federal  grant-making powers to squeeze out some of those bad practices.   We want to see trust rebuilt between this Nation's communities and  the police. We reject the false binary that you have to make a choice  between being on the side of communities of color or being on the side  of law enforcement. No, we don't want that to be the choice. We want  the choice to be law enforcement to get better and communities of color  to have more trust. We want to see more collaboration. We want to see  more progress. Frankly, that is what the vast majority of individual  police and that is what the vast majority of police departments want.   The overwhelming majority of Americans--Republican and Democrat,  women and men, Black and White--the overwhelming majority of Americans  want us to build more trust. We can do that in this body next week.   We want to strive toward equal protection under the law. That starts  with trying to narrow the differences and figuring out what we can do  to move forward together. That is what this bill does. This bill is an  architectural frame to do a bunch of good things that are pretty darn  noncontroversial and to do a bunch of things that we can build on in a  debate and amendment process.   We should be passing something 100 to 0. There will be debate. There  will amendment votes underneath that will be contentious, but we should  ultimately be getting onto a piece of legislation to start the process  100 to 0, and at the back end we should be passing something 100 to 0  even though, in the middle, there should be a bunch of amendments where  people argue about the best way that we do the particulars.   There is no reason we shouldn't be moving forward. We can get this  done. We can take another step to make America's beautiful creed a  reality for every single one of God's children. That is what we should  do, and we should do it without delay.   I yield to the Senator from West Virginia.   