 Mr. President, I am, like many of my colleagues, very  pleased that we have reached an agreement on a final COVID relief  package and none too soon.   Last week, we celebrated what will, hopefully, be a turning point in  the COVID fight--the first coronavirus vaccinations. We need to build  on that momentum and make sure that vaccine distribution goes swiftly  and smoothly so that we can vaccinate as many Americans as possible as  quickly as possible. The COVID relief package will help us achieve that  goal by providing important funding for vaccine distribution. It will  also provide critical support to Americans to help them weather the  rest of the pandemic, including a second round of paycheck protection  funding for the hardest hit small businesses, money to help schools  reopen safely and operate so that our kids aren't left behind, and more  money for coronavirus treatment and other frontline medical priorities.   I am very pleased that the final package includes my Paycheck  Protection for Producers Act, which will help more farmers and ranchers  benefit from the Paycheck Protection Program. The bill also includes  funding to allow the Department of Agriculture to provide additional  assistance to farmers and ranchers. Ag producers were dealing with a  challenging agricultural economy even before the pandemic hit, and the  coronavirus has only made things tougher. I strongly advocated for  including additional funding for farmers and ranchers in this  legislation, and I am very glad that the final bill includes this  support.  [[Page S7892]]    The final package also explicitly makes biofuels, like ethanol and  biodiesel, eligible for USDA assistance at the discretion of the  Secretary of Agriculture. Biofuel producers have suffered from a drop  in fuel demand during the pandemic, and I hope the Secretary will  ensure that they are able to receive assistance, which will further  help our ag economy recover.   I am very happy that the COVID relief package includes an extension  of the Thune-Warner Employer Participation in Repayment Act. The Thune- Warner bill allows employers to make tax-free contributions to their  employees' student loans of up to $5,250 per year. This is a win for  employees, who get help in paying off their student loans, and it is a  win for employers as they look to attract and retain talented workers.  Our bill was included in the CARES Act--the major coronavirus relief  legislation we passed in March--but it was scheduled to expire at the  end of the year. Under the coronavirus relief package, however, our  legislation will be extended for an additional 5 years.   The COVID relief package also includes Senator Cornyn's Small  Business Expense Protection Act, which I cosponsored. This legislation  will ensure that small businesses that qualify for forgiveness of their  Paycheck Protection Program loans can still deduct their ordinary  business expenses on their taxes.   The relief package also includes legislation I introduced this summer  with Senator Enzi that will establish antifraud measures within the  Pandemic Unemployment Assistance program so that we can ensure that  beneficiaries are truly eligible for the program.   We have addressed a lot of coronavirus priorities in this relief  package, and I am very pleased that we are finally getting it out the  door. Republicans spent months pushing for additional, targeted  coronavirus relief, and I am glad the Democrats finally decided that  they were ready to work with us in a bipartisan way to arrive at this  legislation.   The Senate Democratic leader was just here, once again, attacking  Republicans over their failure--the Democrats' failure--to work with us  to get a coronavirus relief bill sooner. We brought up multiple times  on the floor legislation that could have passed if there had been a  little cooperation from the Democrats. He pointed out that this bill we  are going to be voting on today looks nothing like the Republican bill,  which isn't the case. There are a lot of similarities between the bill  that we put on the floor in September and again in October--about $600  billion in targeted relief that addresses the most fundamental needs  the American people need right now. One is an unemployment insurance  extension for those who are unemployed. The very amount that is in the  bill that we will vote on today was in the Republican bill that we  brought to the floor in September and again in October and voted on  here.   The vaccine money--the money that is out there to help with the  vaccines that are going to be so effective in trying to get this  pandemic under control--was also in the bill that was on the floor both  in September and in October.   The relief for small businesses that have been hit hard by this  pandemic and have seen their balance sheets and their income statements  get depleted by its economic impact also would have been funded with  additional Paycheck Protection Program relief in the bill that we  brought before the Senate both in September and again in October. That  very assistance is included in the legislation that we will vote on  today.   Money for schools, as I mentioned earlier, to help them reopen  safely--something that was in the legislation that we voted on in  September, again in October--is in the legislation that we will vote on  today.   The only things that are different, really--substantially different-- from what we brought up on the floor back then are the assistance  checks that are included in this legislation. That is something that  was a priority. It was a priority for Members on the Republican side;  it was a priority for Members on the Democratic side; it was a priority  for the White House, so it ended up being included in this and,  hopefully, will provide some much needed relief to people across this  country who have been struggling with their personal finances and their  family finances through the pandemic.   So those are all things that we have discussed and debated  previously, and I would point out that, contrary to the assertions made  by the Democratic leader just now, there were numerous attempts to try  and move this legislation previously.   Now, it is fair to say that the House of Representatives did send the  Senate a $3.4 trillion package, which was bloated and included lots of  nonpandemic, noncoronavirus relief-related items--things that were on  their liberal wish list. That wasn't realistic, and they knew it. That  was a campaign document designed to try and help them, at the time, win  an election.   But I am glad they have decided to get down and negotiate in a  serious way because the number that we are going to be passing today--a  little under $1 trillion, about $900 billion--is very close to what  Republicans put on the floor in September and again in October.   It is a far cry from the $3.4 trillion bloated bill that the  Democrats sent over from the House and the Democrats here in the Senate  tried to advance and suggested that that should be what the Senate  should vote on.   We have said all along that we need to address this in a targeted  way, a fiscally responsible way, a way that recognizes the most  critical needs out there, both on the healthcare front and also on the  economic front, and we have moved aggressively to address those needs  not once, but twice.   Legislation, a real bill brought to the floor, which received a  majority vote in the U.S. Senate--52 U.S. Senators in September and  again in October voted here on the floor of the U.S. Senate to do the  very things that I just mentioned--but it was blocked from even being  considered by the Senate Democrats.   We all know here in the Senate it requires 60 votes to invoke  cloture. It is a procedural motion to get on a bill. The Senate  Democrats gave us no support to even get on the bill.   So, as a consequence, even though there was majority support--52 U.S.  Senators voting in favor of getting on and debating the bill--because  the Democrats blocked it, we didn't even have an opportunity to  debate--not even to get on it, let alone offer amendments and have a  discussion and a conversation and work on legislation. If they had  objections to it or things they wanted to improve or things they wanted  to make better, they would have had an opportunity to do that if we had  simply been able to get on the bill.   So we are where we are today at this late hour in the year--December  21, Christmas week--doing this now because they didn't want to do it  earlier, and some have publicly acknowledged that one of the reasons  they didn't want to do it earlier is that there was a campaign  underway, and they had hoped that there would be a new President, an  opportunity to do it their way later.   But, nevertheless, we have before us now, finally, at long last, a  piece of legislation that addresses the most critical needs that are  out there, and it is very similar in many ways, in terms of the  substance, the content, and the features of the bill and the overall  pricetag, to what Republicans have brought on the floor of the U.S.  Senate previously.   So I am glad that we are finally going to get this done, but I  absolutely disagree with the statements that were made earlier by the  Democratic leader, because they don't reflect reality. In fact, they  don't reflect anything close to reality about what has been happening  here in this Chamber over the past several months when it comes to  trying to provide much needed relief to the American people who are  suffering from this pandemic.   There are a couple of things that I would just mention briefly that  aren't included in the bill, and I wish they were.   I have a bill called the Remote and Mobile Worker Relief Act, and I  am sorry that was not included in the final bill.   This bipartisan legislation would have prevented unexpected tax bills  and tax complications for medical professionals who traveled to other  States  [[Page S7893]]  to help during the pandemic and for Americans who worked from home to  help slow the virus's spread.   It is unfortunate that opposition from a handful of States with  aggressive taxation policies--like the Senate Democratic leader's home  State of New York--has so far prevented legislation like mine from  getting through Congress. But I will continue to fight for tax relief  for remote and mobile workers   It has been a difficult year for our country. There are way too many  virus infections, way too many hospitalizations, way too many people  who have lost loved ones from this dreaded virus. It has affected  people in so many ways--their health, their confidence, their economic  standing and status, their mental health. There are just so many--so  many--effects of this, and this winter is likely to be very  challenging.   But the encouraging news is that there is light at the end of the  tunnel. There is a vaccine out there that will get more widely out  there, and thanks to the resources that we put into the first  coronavirus bill--the CARES Act that passed last March--those vaccines  have been moving forward at record speed--five times faster than any  vaccine in history.   Light is at the end of the tunnel. The vaccines are coming. They are  going to be proven to be very effective, and there is additional  funding in this particular legislation that we will vote on today to  make sure that it gets distributed as quickly as possible.   We are going to make it through this, and I look forward to sending  the additional relief that is included in this legislation that we will  move through the Senate today and put on the President's desk, where he  can sign it into law. I look forward to seeing that additional relief  get out to the American people.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), and the Senator from South Dakota  (Mr. Rounds). -    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), and the Senator from South Dakota  (Mr. Rounds). -    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), and the Senator from South Dakota  (Mr. Rounds). -    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), and the Senator from South Dakota  (Mr. Rounds). -    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   (Mr. SASSE assumed the Chair.)    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the senior  Senator from South Dakota, the senior Senator from Kansas, and the  senior Senator from Missouri be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills  and joint resolutions from December 21, 2020, to January 3, 2021.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   