 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to express my support for my  colleague Senator Duckworth's resolution honoring the service and  sacrifices of members of the U.S. Armed Forces and our veterans. The  resolution rightly criticizes President Trump for a series of  statements and actions which  [[Page S5541]]  have denigrated our men and women in uniform, our veterans, and our  institutions.   Service and sacrifice run deep among my constituents in the  Commonwealth of Virginia. With 130,000 Active-Duty members living in  Virginia, the Commonwealth has one of the highest populations of  military personnel in the Nation. Virginia is home to more than 700,000  veterans, men and women who have displayed the highest level of  selfless service while defending this country and who have endured  hardship and have put country above self.   I am proud to call these American heroes my constituents, as well as  my neighbors, and I am humbled to represent and serve them in Congress.  I am thankful to them for protecting this great country.   President Trump, though, again and again, has made disrespectful  remarks about servicemembers, veterans, and military leaders despite  being Commander in Chief. His name-calling and disdain for the value of  service is divisive and dangerous.   Remember how President Trump ridiculed the Gold Star parents of Army  CPT Humayun Khan, who died in June 2004 from an IED in Iraq. Mr. and  Mrs. Khan are residents of Virginia.   Remember his comments questioning whether Senator John McCain should  be called a hero and remember his recent comments, even after the  reports of his comments in The Atlantic article came out--his recent  comments that our top officials at DOD want to continue fighting wars  to make defense contractors happy.   Whether it is pardoning and excusing those in uniform who commit  crimes or not standing up to President Putin in defense of our troops  when reports emerged that bounties have been offered for killing  members of our Armed forces, whether it is deploying our military in  response to peaceful protests, threatening to politicalize and divide  our military from civilian society, the President, on each of these  occasions, is on the wrong side of honoring our servicemembers. These  actions and statements are an affront to everyone who serves or has  served. They are unacceptable and un-Presidential.   Instead, let's stay focused on what matters in this country. Let's  stay united. We need to ensure that we are expressing each and every  day how thankful we are to those who serve for protecting the freedoms  we hold dear.   I want to thank Senator Duckworth for the introduction of this  resolution and, more so, I thank her for her dedicated and exemplary  military service to our country.   It is my hope that all my colleagues in the Senate will recognize the  mistakes made by our Commander in Chief when addressing the heroes of  our military and our Nation's veterans.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   