 Mr. President, a week ago, I did a television interview  on race relations in America. They asked me to talk a little bit about  what happened in Tulsa in 1921.   The worst race massacre in American history occurred in Tulsa in  1921. It was May 31, overnight, into June 1. I was on television a week  ago, describing the event of how a group of White rioters had marched  into Greenwood--what was called Black Wall Street--and had killed up to  300 people there. They had set Greenwood on fire, destroying homes and  businesses.   Many people at home don't know this, but everyone in this Chamber  does. As I was talking, I was just talking to a camera lens and  couldn't tell what was on TV at the time. There were pictures of a town  in the United States that was currently on fire while I was describing  a race massacre that had happened 99 years ago that weekend.   We have come a long way with the issue of race in America, but we  clearly have a very long way to go. We have four centuries of racial  inequality stacked on top of each other. While we break through those  things step by step, we have things that we can do. I have been on the  phone for days with friends and with people whom I know from all over  Oklahoma--from all backgrounds--and have been talking about race  relationships and where we go as a nation. Some people throw up their  hands and say: I don't know what to do. Many people have an idea, but  everyone wants the situation to get better.   What is interesting is the dialogue about protesters and rioters and  police officers. I share openly with them that I don't judge protesters  and rioters the same. Some people do. They throw them all into one big  group. I do not. There are people out standing on the streets who just  want to be heard, who finally just want things in America to change,  for America to fulfill her promise of equal justice under the law in  every area, in every community. They are peaceful. They are sometimes  [[Page S2760]]  loud and brash, but they are frustrated, and they want to be heard.  There is another group that breaks through the middle of those  protesters. These in this group smash windows, steal shoes and  electronics from stores, and spray paint and destroy public property  just from their own anger.   I don't treat protesters and rioters the same, and I encourage people  not to treat all police officers the same. Are there some rioters mixed  in with the protesters? Yes. Are there some police officers who need to  be confronted for their racial views? Yes. Is that all of them? By far,  no. Every person should be judged by his own character--every person.  When we as Americans lump groups together and say they are like that,  we have divided us even more.   It was 20 years ago when my State made it illegal for a police  officer to stop someone simply because of one's race. Most police  departments in Oklahoma don't allow a choke hold. In fact, I spoke with  officers in the Oklahoma City Police Department who have been there for  a very long time who said they were never even trained to do that. They  were told not to do that. What has happened in other areas and other  places has not happened in my State in the same way, but I still have  friends of mine who are African American who still catch me and tell me  the numbers of times they have been pulled over for driving while Black  in places and neighborhoods in which I have never been pulled over but  in which they have been multiple times.   We still have a long way to go. This legislative body can talk about  it--we can share empathy, and we can listen--but we are also called to  act.   So I bring to this body just a few ideas, some things we can do to  engage, things like greater transparency. How can we oppose just  getting information out?   There are simple things that we are not currently doing, like  gathering a Federal database on the use of lethal force by law  enforcement. All of that data of whatever police department in whatever  place that uses lethal force should be collected and sent to a Federal  database so there can be a national tracking of where lethal force is  used. What race is the police officer? What is the race of the person  on whom lethal force was used? What was the situation? How was the  investigation handled? What was the result of that investigation? These  are basic details.    City councils, city leaders, and city managers should not be afraid  to look at the data and ask hard questions. We should not be afraid to  look at the data and ask hard questions.   Most every community has oversight boards that are citizen boards.  Good. Are they empowered to actually engage? Are they involved in the  hiring process? Are they involved in the oversight? Do they get a  chance to look over their shoulders to evaluate what happens? Do they  know when there are reports on the same law enforcement officer over  and over again? Are those advisory panels empowered?   Are there body cameras? It is not just if there are body cameras, but  are they on? This has been our second challenge. Getting body cameras  is just transparency. It is just the availability of information so  that law enforcement can see and so that citizens can see what is  happening. Law enforcement is in very, very difficult situations every  single day. When law enforcement officers leave their homes each  morning, their families give them hugs and hope they come home that  night because, every day, they face challenges. I have great compassion  for those folks. Body cameras help everybody, for they provide clarity  as to what is going on, but they are not effective if they are not on,  and we have had several situations lately in which it seems,  conveniently, body cameras have not been on. That is a problem, and it  is an area we should address.   Mental health training is an area that has come up over and over  again and not just recently. This has come up for a long time. This  body--the Senate--and the House have passed and the President has  signed additional legislation dealing with mental health issues, but  States and local areas have to engage in this as well. Even in my own  State, law enforcement is responsible for transporting an individual  across the State to a treatment facility for mental health or for  treatment for substance abuse. My State really does need to determine a  better, more compassionate way to transport someone with mental illness  or substance abuse rather than in the back seat of a police car.   We have to have a better, more compassionate way to do that. Every  time this occurs, law enforcement officers are taken off the streets  for an entire day because they are transporting someone when someone  else could have done that in a more compassionate, less obvious way  than in the back of a police car. We have to find a better way to do  that. Every time our law enforcement folks transition across the State,  they lose the time they could have used for training, for getting out  of their cars to meet neighbors and hear stories, for earning trust,  and for healing relationships.   Every city of any size across America has boards and commissions, but  those boards and commissions often have the same people who just  shuffle around from the same boards and commissions. They get off one  board and move to another board. I find, just by asking around, that  many of those on boards and commissions do not match the diversity of  their communities. They are groups of wealthy leaders or of activists  who are there, but they don't match the diversity, and the leadership  of those boards and commissions certainly don't rotate enough to allow  the leaders of the boards and commissions that the cities use to have  diversity.   Every year from this House and Senate, we put out community  development block grants. Why don't we just add to the community  development block grants that cities and communities can get access to  these community development block grants and help improve their  situations if they also improve access and opportunity to individuals  within the communities so they may also lead in those communities. If  your boards and commissions don't reflect the diversity of your  community, there is a problem with that city in the way it is actually  designing the leadership structure of how decisions are made with  Federal dollars. This is not a hard way to be able to raise up new  leaders who will get their voices heard at city hall and get their  voices heard on how funds are actually used.   Oftentimes, big city police departments don't share the same racial  diversity of the city itself. Why don't we allow some of the grant  money that we have that we already dedicate to law enforcement to be  given to recruiters so they can recruit from the same diversity of  their communities and actually help to pay the salaries of people who  are stepping in during the earliest days in the police academy and as  they are starting into the force? That way, the diversity in our big  city police departments will also match the diversity of the  communities themselves, and if they have a difficult time  recruiting, we will allow them to use those funds for recruiters.    You see, I really do believe there are things that we can do that  will make a practical difference, but I also firmly believe that racism  is not a legislative issue--it is a heart issue, and it is a family  issue. One of the biggest things we have is the bully pulpit to be able  to challenge individuals and push back on individuals. Do, quite  frankly, whatever you can to push this. When I started 5 years ago, I  was asking people a simple question: Has your family ever invited  another family of another race into your home for dinner? It was just a  simple question.   I have been amazed at the number of people I have talked to in my  State--people of all races--when I have asked them: Has your family  ever invited another family of another race into your home for dinner,  they have responded back to me: I have friends of another race, to  which I have always smiled at them and said: That is not what I asked.  It is not: Do you have friends of another race? Has your family ever  invited a family of another race to your home for a meal just for your  kids to sit together and talk, just for your two families to sit and  visit like neighbors would do? I have been astounded at the number of  people whose thresholds of race are the thresholds of their own homes.  Why would that barrier be there, and how do we break that barrier?   A friend of mine raised an interesting question to me this past  weekend. A  [[Page S2761]]  couple of years ago, as a law enforcement officer, he slipped into the  Museum of African American History and found out that the Metro Police,  which is here in the DC metro area, goes over to the Museum of African  American History and gets a guided tour through that facility to help  new police officers get an understanding of African-American history  from a law enforcement perspective and see what has happened to the  relationship between law enforcement and African Americans over the  centuries.   He joined that tour, and his statement to me was, I wish every police  department could get that kind of training; that they could go to that  museum and could get that kind of context.   My statement back to him was that we do that with the Holocaust  Museum.   The Holocaust Museum does tours and is currently designing a  curriculum by which to train trainers and work on anti-Semitism across  the entire country. This body helped to get that done. Why don't we do  that with the Museum of African American History and law enforcement?  Challenge them to take the program they already have and turn it into a  curriculum. Train the trainers and then get that out across the entire  country. Multiply that out. Why couldn't we do that?   Every year when Police Week occurs, why couldn't we have a large  contingency of law enforcement go through the Museum of African  American History, get that training there, and then take that training  back home? Why couldn't that happen? It could if this body were willing  to step up and do some pragmatic things--engage in actually finding  practical ways to continue the work that our Nation is doing.   You see, we are not at the beginning with regard to race. We are four  centuries into this conversation. Yet what I will remind everyone is  that we are actually trying. There are many places in the world that  are not working on race relations at all in their countries. If you are  not the dominant race, you are still excluded from the courts, from  education, from access. As a country, we are trying, but for those who  think we are done, they are wrong. We are not done with the journey.   I love pointing out to people: Watch the beginning of the Olympics  when all of the countries march in. Almost every delegation under every  flag looks alike until the United States marches in, and you see this  great diversity of our athletes. It again reminds us that we are  trying, but the past 10 days should also remind us that we are not  done. Let's continue doing the hard work that needs to be done with our  own families. Let's continue to do the legislative work that needs to  be done to make progress, but let's keep going until it is done.   My friend said to me last weekend that our founding documents are  great founding documents. We have just never actually fully lived them  out for everybody. I can't wait for us to continue the work in this  body toward becoming a more perfect Union.   I yield the floor.   