 DAVIS of Illinois. Well, thank you, sir. I want to thank  you indeed. As a matter of fact, as I was listening, I was saying to  myself, after a good sermon, all that you really say is ``Amen.'' And I  want to say ``Amen'' to you.   And I say that in all seriousness, because the number one advocate  for an expanded Social Security in this House of Representatives is  none other than Representative   John Larson. I thank you for your  diligence, for the consistency.   When you walk in my office, there is a photograph of Franklin Delano  Roosevelt, and that photograph has been there ever since I have been  here. I had that photograph before I came here, because the work and  the leadership, the vision that Franklin Delano Roosevelt had, has been  transformed and passed on to people like yourself and to you. I am so  proud to be able to say that I serve with you in this House of  Representatives, on the Ways and Means  [[Page H1467]]  Committee, and that you chair the Social Security Subcommittee and the  Social Security effort.   The only other thing that I really would need to say and would want  to say, I have always been told that you can measure the effectiveness  of a society, that you make an assessment by how well it treats its  young, how well it treats its old, and how well it treats those who  have difficulty caring for themselves.   I couldn't help but think of my father, as I listened to you, who was  92 years old when he died. But he had a good life. As a matter of fact,  he spent the last 5 years living with me on the weekends whenever I  came home.   He always wanted to pay for things. You know, we would stop for  dinner, and he would say to my wife: Vera, I am going to treat you for  dinner.   His Social Security check was $500-something a month, which obviously  would not have been enough if he had to live alone and care for himself  and all of that. But I would go ahead and let him pay. I would say:  Okay. Well, if you want to pay for dinner, go right ahead--and he would  pay.   When I stopped to get gasoline, as the tank was being filled, he  would say: Here, let me pay for it.   He would reach and get his money. We were getting gas. At the time,  gasoline was very high. It went up to $40, $50, $60, $70. He would say:  I guess you better go ahead and pay for it. You don't have to worry.    DAVIS of Illinois. But, again, we have got to expand it.  We have got to keep it. We have got to make sure that it provides for  the individuals it is designed to provide for.   It is not a gift. It is not a giveaway. It is an entitlement that  people work for. And so I am proud to join with you in saying that we  have got to make Social Security everything that it ought to be.   Where you lead, I will follow, and we will help make it happen. So,  thank you very much. I am going to conclude, and this just about ends  my day.    DAVIS of Illinois. I agree wholeheartedly.   As a matter of fact, if you really want to touch and move the  economy, it is to make sure that those individuals at the very bottom  are able to contribute.   You see, I always say that money to a community is like blood to the  body. No matter how sophisticated we are in terms of medicine and  health, if all the blood leaves your body, in all likelihood, you are  going to die.   In communities that are considered low income, senior citizen  villages, places where people live in senior housing, unless those  individuals have resources to plow back into the environment, then  those will always be low income, no money, no resources, no business,  no opportunities, no hope.   So, if we really want to make America be the America that we dream  about, talk about, hope about, but has never been, then Social Security  is the way to do it. Every person who works, who reaches a certain age,  you know, retirement can be a good thing.    DAVIS of Illinois. You have got enough resources to  retire without wondering if you are going to have to cut your pills in  half or not pay the light bill or pay the rent or have enough money to  purchase the food that you want, where you are not scraping and looking  for coupons and looking for special sales and special opportunities.   That is what happens to many of our senior citizens. They have to  look and see if there is an item on sale so that they will be able to  acquire it. So, if we make sure that there are sufficient resources for  people to live on, then, at my church, they would say that you are  doing the work of the Master.   So there is no better way to do it, no more effective, no more  efficient way. I am just pleased that we have this opportunity to do  this, and do it now.    DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, the final word is only  to make sure that Social Security is in your plans, and be ready to  accept it when we get it.   