 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S.  2174, the Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains Act, which gives  local law enforcement the tools they need to address a devastating  issue that is draining resources in rural communities in south Texas  and across the southwest border.   Border communities are currently shouldering the cost of identifying  and recovering the remains of migrants who tragically perished while  migrating to the United States. This affects our citizens, ranchers,  and farmers.   The Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains Act is a bipartisan,  bicameral effort that will give local law  [[Page H7219]]  enforcement access to Federal dollars and will help free up local  resources for rural healthcare, education, broadband, and other key  services that are, tragically, needed in these areas.   This is a critical bill to help address issues that are symptomatic  of a larger problem. Unless we invest time and resources to address the  root cause of migration from Central America, we will continue to  witness these tragic deaths in our border region.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Brooks County Sheriff Benny Martinez, Jim Hogg  County Sheriff Erasmo Alarcon, Jr., and Duval County Sheriff Romeo  Ramirez, to name a few. These men have been on the front lines of this  issue and continue their work to identify who has died.   I also acknowledge the Southern Border Communities Coalition, the  Church World Services, and the Texas Civil Rights Project for their  work to raise awareness about this issue and help build support for  this bill. Without the support of this large cross section of  stakeholders, we would not be here passing this legislation today.   For the families that have lost their loved ones, this bill is an  opportunity to bring closure. I know many of you may not find the  answers you seek, but there is a much better chance because of this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, in recognition of the bipartisan support for this bill,  I request that all my colleagues vote in support of this important  effort.   