 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, on this past Friday evening, on Rosh  Hashanah, our Nation lost a giant of our Supreme Court. We lost a  trailblazer for women's equality, a woman who, though diminutive in  size, was a giant and a force for justice.   For my daughter and for all Americans, I am so grateful for the work  and the service and the life of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader  Ginsburg. Having passed on Rosh Hashanah, the tradition of the Jewish  people teaches that she is especially blessed, particularly righteous.   It is heartbreaking that her dying wish, dictated to her  granddaughter, was that the voters should choose the next President,  and that next President her successor, and, already, there are some who  are racing to undo that wish.   This was her wish because she understood the consequences of this  decision for the Senate, for the American people, and for the Supreme  Court, to which she dedicated 27 years of service.   If we push through a nominee now, just 43 days before an election, as  half of our States are already voting, the very legitimacy of the  Supreme Court may be undermined by further politicization in an already  divided country.   My friends, my colleagues in the other party, used the argument in  blocking the nomination of Merrick Garland in 2016 that we must give  the American people a voice for the selection of the next Justice. That  argument was advanced 10 months before the next election. Here, today,  on this floor, the exact argument is being advanced just 43 days before  an election in which half of our States are already voting.   As a colleague from Alaska recently said, the precedent set by the  majority in 2016 is the precedent by which they should live now. Fair  is fair. I cannot agree more.   On the ballot, on the agenda, on the docket of the Supreme Court is  healthcare. This decision will have an impact on all Americans of all  stripes and backgrounds. One week after the election, a case will be  argued in front of the Supreme Court, Texas v. United States, which  seeks to remove all that is left of the Affordable Care Act's  protections--protections against preexisting condition discrimination  for 100 million Americans and health insurance itself for 20 million,  in the middle of a pandemic in which 6 million Americans have been  infected and have new preexisting conditions, and, in some ways most  gallingly, that provision of the Affordable Care Act which prohibits  gender discrimination by insurance companies.   All of this is at stake, as are protections going forward after this  election for clean air and clean water, for equal pay for equal work,  and the right to organize. It is all on the ballot and will be on the  docket.   Let me close by calling on my colleagues to do what is fair and what  I believe is right: to respect their own precedent and let the American  people have a voice in just 43 days and then proceed, after the  election, to honor Justice Ginsburg's dying wish; to focus on  delivering relief to the American people in a package to address this  pandemic in our next few weeks, rather than diving deeper into  division.   It is my fervent prayer that we can yet find a way together to listen  to the voice of the people and the voice of this most storied Justice.   