 Mr. President, first, let me thank my colleague and  friend, the senior Senator from the great State of Nevada, for her  words. They are on point. I hope the Republican leader was listening. I  hope our Republican colleagues were listening because her genuine  concern for her State, which is suffering just like mine is--both  States depend on entertainment and tourism. It is real. We all want to  get something done, and we are all willing to give to get something  done, but the Republican leader holds the key, and we hope he is open  to compromise. I will have more to say on that in a minute, but I thank  her for her comments.   We all know how desperate things are. Yesterday, we were leveled by  some of the grimmest statistics of the pandemic. More than 100,000  Americans were hospitalized; more than 2,700 Americans died, the  highest recorded number in a single day since the pandemic began; more  than 274,000 Americans have died in total. That is the equivalent of a  9/11 attack every day for 92 days in a row.   Unlike the spring, when the rates of infections and fatalities peaked  before steadily declining, the winter months and the hangover from  Thanksgiving travel will likely cause these rates to get worse before  they get better.   The steady yet staggering loss of American life is horrific. And  because so many of us are isolated, because so many have contracted the  disease and have experienced relatively mild symptoms and recovered  quickly--thank God--there is a sense that things are not as bad as they  seem. But the raw accounting is unavoidable, and it is harrowing. The  loss of our friends, our parents, our neighbors, our siblings, our  colleagues must be acknowledged and mourned and must inspire us to  redouble our efforts to defeat this evil disease.   As COVID-19 races through much of the country, the economic fallout  of the pandemic also broadens. Many family budgets and small businesses  are at their breaking point.   Economists are now warning that the U.S. economy could fall into  double-dip recession without additional relief from Congress. Let me  say that again. We could have a double-dip recession unless there is  relief--good, strong relief from Congress. That is why Democrats have  been so desperately trying to convince our Republican colleagues and  the Republican leader, in particular, to work with us in a bipartisan  fashion on another round of emergency Federal relief.   Speaker Pelosi and I made a new offer to Leader McConnell and Leader  [[Page S7195]]  McCarthy on Monday in hopes of jump-starting serious negotiations.  Leader McConnell responded by circulating another version of a  partisan, Republican-only draft.   In the spirit of compromise, Speaker Pelosi and I believe the  bipartisan framework introduced by a group of eight Senators on Tuesday  should be used as the basis, the framework, for immediate bipartisan,  bicameral negotiations. Of course, we and others will offer  improvements, but the need to act is urgent, and we believe that with  good-faith negotiations, we could very well come to an agreement.   We are already much closer to an agreement because of the bipartisan  talks these eight Senators have created, and we can build off their  momentum.   What is the alternative--another round of legislative failure, a  failure to help the American people? The Republican leader came to the  floor this morning to say ``compromise is within reach''--his words-- before reiterating a long list of Republican demands and blaming the  Democrats for everything. Once again, the Republican leader argued that  the Senate should pass only what Republicans approve of and leave the  rest for later, and he now says that an emergency relief bill should be  limited by only what President Trump will sign.   Of course, we could say, similarly, that the bill should be limited  only by what a Democratic House will pass.   Neither is true compromise. The leader knows that. But for some  reason, in the midst of this generational crisis, Republican Leader  McConnell does not seem inclined to compromise to actually get  something done. But what he wants to do is posture, to put partisan  bills on the floor and say: Take it or leave it.   The real answer here is to sit down and talk. Let's use the  bipartisan framework developed by eight Senators from both sides as our  starting point.   We have precious little time left before the end of the year. The  country has some desperate needs. Unemployment remains too high. Laid- off workers need our assistance until the economy fully recovers. Small  businesses need another round of support.   With the imminent availability of a vaccine, it is crucial that there  be additional funding for manufacturing and distribution. The  distribution efforts will be led by the States, which further increases  the need to deliver assistance to State and local governments.   As we all take great hope and solace in the idea that a vaccine is  just around the corner, we must make necessary preparations to ensure  that we have enough doses; that it is distributed effectively,  efficiently and fairly; and that Americans can access it affordably.   We can make a significant downpayment, right now, toward preparing  the country for a vaccine with an emergency relief bill before the  Christmas holiday   I yield the floor.   