 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, eight different oversight processes are in place as we  speak:   We have got the Oversight Committee itself, which has the broadest  jurisdiction of any committee in Congress to do oversight.   We have the committees of jurisdiction, which each have a  subcommittee that does oversight: Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce,  Small Business, and, of course, Financial Services.   We have the CARES Act itself, which created the Oversight Commission  in the bill itself.   We have the CARES Act, which also created the Pandemic Response  Accountability Committee in the bill itself. That is the fourth one.  [[Page H1916]]    The fifth one, we have the IGs, the inspectors general from each of  the respective agencies: Health and Human Services, Treasury.   Sixth, we have a special inspector general created in the CARES Act.   Seventh, we have $20 million in funding appropriated in the CARES  Act, which created a process for auditors and experts at GAO to do  further oversight.   And finally, eighth, we have the FTC and DOJ, the agencies doing  oversight and holding people accountable for the fraud that may be  committed.   Eight different entities doing oversight, but the Democrats want a  ninth. Why? Eight different committees doing the work making sure that  the hard-earned tax dollars of the American people have the proper  oversight. But we need a ninth for what reason? The ninth is political.  Eight committees looking out for the taxpayer, the ninth looking out  for Joe Biden; the ninth to go after President Trump.   This is just a continuation of the attack that the Democrats have had  on the President for the past 4 years. It started before he was  President when they opened the Trump Russia investigation, spied on two  American citizens associated with the Trump campaign. It continued with  the Mueller investigation. And then, of course, we had the ridiculous  impeachment process based on a phone call between the President of  Ukraine and President Trump.   And now this. Now this, a select committee in the summer of an  election year to attack the President when we already have eight  different entities doing the oversight we are all supposed to do to  look out for the taxpayer interests.   The Democrats want a ninth because the ninth is political, and the  ninth will be chaired by our colleague, the biggest supporter of the  Democrats' nominee for President.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote.   