 Madam Speaker, small businesses in my district are  desperate for assistance, but stymied by a lack of funding and unfair  treatment by the big banks and the SBA.   I support this legislation, because it is absolutely imperative that  we get  [[Page H1938]]  small businesses a new round of funding and support.   I am also pleased this bill provides significant funding for  hospitals and for expanded testing without which we cannot safely  reopen the businesses and other establishments we are trying to save.   I am disappointed that despite the best efforts of my Democratic  colleagues, the bill does not give State and local governments the  funding and flexibility they desperately need.   We must provide for these and other unmet needs in the next bill. But  right now, the funds in this bill are desperately needed, and we must  vote yes.    Mr. Speaker, in the last few weeks, my office has been  flooded with calls from small business owners desperate for assistance  but stymied by the slow response, unfair treatment, and limited funds  of the small business programs set up by the CARES Act. I support this  legislation because it is absolutely imperative that we recapitalize  and improve PPP and EIDL to get small businesses the resources and  support they need as fairly and efficiently as possible. I am also  pleased this bill provides significant funding for hospitals and  expanded testing, without which we cannot safely re-open the small  businesses and other establishments we are trying to save. I am,  however, all too aware that this infusion of money simply will not be  enough to meet demand, and many of the problems my constituents have  raised with PPP and EIDL are not addressed by this legislation.   I am disappointed that, despite the best efforts of my Democratic  colleagues, this bill does not give state and local governments the  funding and flexibility they desperately need to support their fights  against COVID-19 and fill the massive revenue gaps they are facing. New  York State faces a $10 billion loss of tax revenue. While we are the  epicenter of the pandemic, we're not alone in our budget shortfalls.  Oklahoma faces a $415 million gap, Arizona is looking at a $1.1 billion  deficit, and Maryland could face a $2.2 billion shortfall. My  Republican colleagues must come to the table and support additional  resources for states and cities and give states additional flexibility  in how they use the funds, including replacing lost revenue.   That being said, it is absolutely necessary that we pass this bill  today and provide the SBA additional resources to support small  businesses and ensure they make it through this pandemic. Of course  there is more we need to do. Transit systems need billions in resources  to stay afloat. Cultural nonprofits need funding and flexibility to re- open their doors when this pandemic passes. Renters desperately need  emergency assistance to stay in their homes even with the eviction  moratorium. The U.S. Postal Service is on the brink of collapse.  Families need food assistance to keep their kids healthy. Hospitals and  providers desperately need PPE. Our work is not done, and we cannot  stop here. But today, we must pass this bill and get this small  business funding flowing again.   I appreciate the efforts to get this interim bill done as quickly as  possible, and I look forward to continuing our efforts to stop this  pandemic, keep our country safe, and, when public health experts agree,  thoughtfully and carefully re-open our economy.   