 Mr. President, we have heard a lot of revisionist history  this afternoon.   Look back in March, when Congress did the right thing and the Senate  voted unanimously. Because of our efforts, 13 million people were kept  out of poverty--we know that--because we provided relatively generous  unemployment insurance. We did the direct payments. We helped with  small business loans. But then this Senate thought its work was done  for the year. We begged Senator McConnell month after month after month  to come back and help.   As I said, 13 million people were kept out of poverty because of the  work this Congress did in March of this year, but now, since--many of  those benefits, especially the unemployment benefit and the direct  payments, were not continued, of course. Those benefits expired in  August, and we have seen 8 million people drop into poverty in this  country since. Yet Senator McConnell refuses and refuses and refuses   I hear this revisionist history that Democrats just want to help  people who are already affluent and give them more money. Well,  remember back in March, the only amendment that we considered, the only  amendment that Senator McConnell allowed on the floor of the Senate to  the CARES Act, the only amendment was to take away the $600-a-week  unemployment insurance. The only place Republicans fought was the $600- a-week unemployment insurance. That more than any single thing we did  is why people were kept out of poverty. Now the best we could do was  $300-a-week unemployment insurance--the best we could do. In spite of  Senator Cornyn's and others' comments, Senator McConnell waited,  waited, waited, and waited. Finally, we were able to do that.   The President of the United States threatened to veto it, causing  millions of Americans to fall off their unemployment insurance. We know  all that. It is just important to remember all that.   But there is one simple question before the Senate this week: Are we  going to put more money into people's pockets? The American people made  it clear on election day that they want a government that is on their  side. This is our chance to deliver for them, to show people whom we  serve that we can make a real difference in their lives, which we did  back in March.   It is pretty simple. The best way to help Ohio workers and families  is to put more money in their pockets, not in the bank accounts of the  largest corporations and biggest banks, hoping it will trickle down. We  know it never does. The CEOs just pay themselves instead.   We know that just recently there was more good news for American CEOs  who are able again to do stock buybacks, more dividend distributions. A  lot of corporations have made a lot of money--more power to them-- during this pandemic, but those are the corporations that continue to  get the big tax breaks.   We need, instead, to directly invest in people who make this country  work. It helps people pay the bills and stay in their homes and get  through this downturn. It injects money into local economies that  really need it. The more money people have, the more they spend in  small businesses that are hurting.   We know this works. It did in the spring. We came together. We  crossed the aisle, passed the CARES Act, expanded unemployment, and  provided direct stimulus checks, keeping 13 million people out of  poverty. The bill we passed last week was a good step in that  direction, but we should make it stronger.   Back in March, my original plan that I tried to negotiate as I sat  with Secretary Mnuchin and a handful of other Senators was $2,000 per  person, adults and children. We called for it to be sent automatically  throughout the year, every quarter, as long as we remained in a public  health emergency.   It is clear now what we could have done and should have done. No one  could predict how long this crisis would last. Today, we still aren't  sure when everybody will be vaccinated and when the economy will return  to full strength. We don't want to sit idly by. We don't want to wonder  how bad it could get. We are the strongest, richest country on Earth.  We have the resources to do something about it; we just need leadership  willing to use every tool we have.   If they refuse to support this $2,000 per person, if they refuse to  support these direct payments, Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans  will again make it perfectly clear to the American people whose side  they are on.   Every time there is a fork in the road and Senator McConnell and  Senate Republicans have to make a decision--either go with corporate  interests or go with working families--every single time, they choose  corporate interests. They had no problem pouring money into corporate  coffers with their tax cut and blowing up the deficit.   Just down the hall here in Senator McConnell's office, I remember  lobbyists lining up, looking for those tax cuts back 3 years ago, and  they got those tax cuts. They didn't say anything about government  deficits back then--$1.5 trillion added to the deficit. They didn't  mind that because that was money going into their contributors'  pockets, into big corporate coffers  [[Page S7980]]  for the wealthiest people in this country. They were all too happy to  let the government shovel loans to the biggest banks and companies. But  in the middle of the worst crisis of our lifetime, faced with the  chance to give money directly to ordinary Americans, my colleagues  claim we can't afford it. That is just simply a lie. We are the richest  country on Earth.   I remember Bill Spriggs--an economist at Howard University--told the  Banking and Housing Committee in September: We didn't win World War II  by worrying about whether or not we could afford it. We were in a  global crisis. We marshalled all our vast resources and talents to rise  to meet it. We grew the economy from the middle class out. We paid down  the debt with rising wages.   If we have learned anything from the crisis, it should be that we can  do the same again. Americans are tired of being told we can't. It is  the only answer that Senator McConnell and Senate Republicans ever have  for most people's problems: We can't help you. We can't solve your  problem. You are on your own.   Let's aim higher. Let's deliver for the people we serve. Let's put  $2,000 into their pockets--money that will make such a difference for  so many families. It will help a mother worried about how she will pay  back rent. It will keep a laid off restaurant worker from turning to a  payday lender. It will allow a father to buy a new computer so his kids  are better able to learn online. These are millions of real people-- people we swore an oath to serve who would breathe a little easier this  new year if we pass this.   So let's be clear about the decision today and this week before the  Senate. Are we going to give the people we serve $2,000, or are you  going to stand in the way? It is that simple. Let's come together.  Let's pass this. Let's make a real difference in people's lives.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   