 Madam President, I come to the floor today to  unashamedly brag on the people of Southwest Oklahoma. It is a pretty  remarkable group of folks. In the community around Lawton, OK, and  surrounding communities, there are people who serve their neighbors  every day. There is a remarkable group of churches and nonprofits,  ministries, Federal workers, State, city, and county staff who are  there and do a pretty amazing job of taking care of their neighbors.   This weekend is above and beyond. This weekend, Southwest Oklahomans  organized what they call Southwest Oklahoma Embrace Hope--so 1 day, on  Saturday, where the whole community will be having neighbors serving  neighbors to see what they can do to help each other.   Serving your neighbor is not about how much money you have or a title  you hold or a certain house you live in. Taking care of your neighbor  is just basic honoring each other and finding a way to love your  neighbor. The vision  [[Page S1665]]  behind the Embrace Hope event is about stepping up and saying as  individuals that we can do more if we do it together.   The Embrace Hope community event in Lawton will offer Oklahomans an  opportunity to access a lot of free services and some basic help. There  are partners from all over the State of Oklahoma who have donated their  time, their services, their finances to help those in need all over  Southwest Oklahoma--all in one place, all at one time. If someone needs  housing--shelter, information, or a referral, food--there will be folks  there who can help them.   There will be agencies there to talk about long-term needs and people  needing short-term needs. If someone needs a job, there will be folks  there who will show them opportunities for hiring. If someone needs to  get their resume together so they can get a job, there will be folks  there who can take a picture so they can use it with their resume. In  fact, if folks need a suit to wear to an interview, there will be folks  there to help them get a suit so they are able to prepare themselves  for a job.   There will be health services there. You can schedule an appointment  with a local health center, and there will also be ways to get dental  services, optometry, pregnancy resources, or even a breast exam, if  that is needed.   There will be folks there who can give them a haircut if they need a  haircut and haven't been able to get access to that.   There will be folks there who are mental health professionals and  counselors so they can interact with folks who may struggle with  substance abuse or dealing with the stress of life. There will be folks  there who can help them with legal assistance. These are communities  coming together; ministries, churches, organizations, and government  agencies are all coming to one place at one time to help.    There are a lot of needs in the area. In fact, in Oklahoma, according  to DHS statistics just from this last year, we had 78,000-plus  households that needed winter heating assistance in our State. More  than 378,000 Oklahomans receive food benefits, like the Supplemental  Nutrition Assistance Program. These are Federal resources and Federal  programs.   As Members of Congress, we work together to help in whatever way we  can to help those in greatest need to be lifted out of poverty and to  be able to walk through some of their low points in life. But a  government check or a check-in with a Federal entity is no substitute  for a neighbor helping a neighbor. When you are at your low point of  life, a check is helpful to get you through a hard time, but you need a  person; you need a mentor; you need a friend; you need a neighbor.   The Embrace Hope event is all about that. It is neighbors helping  each other to be able to walk through this process, but it is also  about opportunities for people who live in Southwest Oklahoma. It is  not just to help someone one day, but also to understand that we could  do this throughout the course of the year because there are lots of  folks who say: I want to be able to help.   They just don't know where to go to be able to help their neighbors.  They might help the folks who are around them; they might help people  in a small group at their church; they might have family members they  help, but they say that they want to be able to do more.   The Embrace Hope event allows volunteers by the hundreds who have  signed up to serve their neighbor one day, but it also allows them to  take a test drive with a bunch of other ministries and nonprofits in  the area and say: What do you do that I can volunteer one day to help  people, but maybe I can plug in and help you at other times?   It allows those nonprofits and ministries to reach out to a whole  pool of people, who maybe are not involved all the time, to say: If you  enjoyed helping your neighbor that day, why don't you come work with us  the rest of the year?   It is a way for them to meet each other. Quite frankly, it is a way  for us to build a stronger State, a stronger community, and stronger  connections with our neighbors so that we don't default by saying  ``They get help from the government, so that is probably all they  need,'' when we know in our heart it is not. They need help from  somebody local. They need a friend, and they need somebody who can look  them in the face and say: How can we help? That is Embrace Hope.   There have been hundreds of people who have volunteered already, and  as they are preparing for this Saturday, it will probably be a cold and  wet day, which is a perfect day to help people in need.   As we get together on this Saturday with all the volunteers and all  the folks, there will be one person who will be in the background whom  the whole event will circle around, but a lot of folks will not know  it. Her name is Brenda Spencer-Ragland. She is the lead event  coordinator for Embrace Hope. I can't even imagine how many hundreds of  hours she has put in behind the scenes to be able to bring this to  reality. Her title is event coordinator, but that title doesn't  remotely do justice for the work she has done to bring Embrace Hope to  reality.   She is one of those incredible individuals who everyone wishes lived  around them, but Southwest Oklahoma actually has her. She has a  servant's heart and a servant's attitude. It is who she is, quite  frankly, more than just what she does.   Brenda served our Nation as a civilian with the U.S. Army for 32  years before assuming her current role. She was Director of the Family  and Morale, Welfare and Recreation Program at Fort Sill in Lawton. Her  title was a fancy way of saying that she took care of military families  in whatever way she possibly could, and she did it well. She loved  serving those who serve us. On her retirement, she grieved because she  loved serving those folks at the post.   Now, after dealing with morale at Fort Sill and after serving also as  the Housing Director at Fort Sill, she has found a new way to serve-- Embrace Hope. She has built around that same mission. She came to  Oklahoma City, and she saw an event called Love OKC, which was similar  to this. She brought a whole group of volunteers to come take a look at  what was happening in Oklahoma City and the remarkable Love OKC event  that has happened for 7 years in a row. She took that vision back to  Southwest Oklahoma and created Embrace Hope. Meeting after meeting,  donor after donor, long night after long night of organizing--it is  about to happen.   Brenda, for all of the folks in Lawton who don't know you, they  should because, if they did, they would give you a warm hug and a very  grateful thank-you for blessing so many people. Thank you for answering  the call to serve your friends and neighbors and stepping up when you  saw a need and tirelessly giving back to Southwest Oklahoma and the  community that you love. It is an honor to call you a friend and a  neighbor. I look forward to serving alongside you this weekend in  Embrace Hope, doing whatever you need me to do to help you as we love  our neighbors together.   God bless you. I look forward to seeing you there, Brenda. I love  getting a chance to be able to brag about what is happening in the  great Southwest Oklahoma.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to  speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, March 11; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following  leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration S.J. Res. 56 and that  all time expire at noon; finally, that following disposition of S.J.  Res. 56, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators  permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, if there is no further business to  come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order.   There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:37 p.m., adjourned until  Wednesday, March 11, 2020, at 10 a.m.   