 Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleague from  Delaware here to offer a Senate floor farewell to our friend Steve  Susman. He was a very big personality, but unlike a lot of very big  personalities, it was never all about him. He wasn't pushing people  away with the size of his personality. He was enveloping them with the  size of his personality, and I was one who was fortunate to be so  enveloped. We became friends, and I will miss him.   To Ellen and to their children, to his brother, Tom, who gave such  beautiful remarks at the electronic service for Steve the other day, I  want to say thank you.   I just want to tell one story, but the story will not make sense if  you don't understand what a big deal Steve Susman was. If you don't  understand that he was the main partner of Susman Godfrey, which by  many lights is the best and biggest litigation firm in the United  States of America. His name is on that firm. His name is on thousands  of pleadings filed by that firm in cases all around the country. He is  a person  [[Page S4514]]  who had gravitas as a lawyer and who lived before judges and needed to  make sure he kept their good will and respect.   Now, for a lot of people, that would have meant taking no chances-- not for Steve. I have a practice, from time to time, in the Senate, of  writing Supreme Court amicus briefs as an amicus curiae--a friend of  the court and not the party. The Court rules allow me both to express  their views on the law and on the background facts in cases--those  people are called friends of the court--and I have filed those briefs  over and over again. They are not the usual friend-of-the-court brief.  Let's just say that.   I believe that as a U.S. Senator, I best show my respect for the  Court and the Justices by being candid with them about where I think  they have made grievous mistakes or where they have been led astray.   So these are not your ordinary briefs. This one was about the  Consumer Financial Protection Board, and I focused on the favor-seeking  interests that caused the underlying 2008 meltdown and how those same  favor-seeking interests were interested in undoing the Consumer  Financial Protection Board so they could get back to the same mischief  again. I talked about the dangers of corruption from those interests.  Well, those are powerful interests. To talk about them in that way in  an amicus brief is not nothing.   Now, the brief talks about the fake notion of freedom that some  espouse, which is, for instance, the freedom to pollute as opposed to  the freedom to have a clean river free of the pollution. That freedom-- the freedom to harm consumers--that freedom is a fake and wrong  freedom, and we said so quite clearly in this brief. We talked about  the value of regulation that we have clean air and water, that we have  safe pharmaceuticals, that we have an orderly economy, and that people  are not cheated in stock swindles because we have a regulatory system  that has knowledgeable people in it who devote their careers to looking  out for the public against very clever and often wily special  interests.   We push back hard on the notion that deregulation is a great asset.  In fact, we pointed out that the failures of regulation have almost  always occurred when the regulated interest got too much control over  the regulator and got into the mischief business through the regulator,  but honest regulation has been almost always a virtue for our country.   We went after this thing called the unitary executive theory and  showed how it had been cooked up in corporate rightwing hothouses. This  thing had come through like an assembly line of billionaire-funded  rightwing phony front groups to propagate itself out into the world and  tried to get some legitimacy as a legal theory, and we went through the  whole history of that. That is pretty rough stuff because people put a  lot of money into trying to cook up this unitary executive theory.   Last week, we pointed out that the judicial selection process that is  going on around here right now is directly related to the deregulation  process. The judges are being picked by special interests so they will  rule against regulation and give special interests a break and they can  pollute and cheat and harm people to a greater degree than they would  with strong regulators. That was a point that we made in this brief.  And, by the way, I quoted Trump's legal counsel, Don McGahn, who  actually said this. It is not like we were making it up. He called them  two sides of the same coin--fill the court with judges who hate  regulation and let the big industries deregulate and have more freedom  to harm.   And, finally, we did something that I have not done before in a  brief, but because there is so much special interest money floating  around in the Supreme Court and because there is so much mischief  swirling around it, we actually put an appendix into the brief at the  end that looked at some of the other amici who had showed up to show  how often they were funded by the same secretive groups and how many of  them were basically tentacles of the same creature, and we backed that  up with research showing one by one how they had been funded and  sourced thoroughly.   This was not your usual Supreme Court brief. Why do I dwell on this  brief? Because here is the name on it: Brief of Amici Curiae, U.S.  Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Richard Blumenthal, Mazie Hirono in Support  of Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae, Stephen D. Susman, Counsel of Record.  Like the thousands of pleadings that bear Steve Susman's name, so did  this brief.   He took a chance to sign on a brief that was written the way we wrote  this one. He did not mind. He knew that what we were saying was right.  He was willing to put his name behind that, even though it might have  caused blowback because that is the kind of man he was, and I will miss  that. We have too little of that in this country these days, and,  Steve, God speed.   I yield the floor.   