 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of two  important bills, H.R. 7027, the Child Care Is Essential Act, and H.R.  7327, the Child Care for Economic Recovery Act.   The COVID-19 pandemic has exacerbated the gaps in America's childcare  system. Even before the current crisis, America faced a dire shortage  of quality, affordable childcare.   Now, with daycares closed, schools out, and many working from home,  parents are struggling between fully attending to their kids' needs and  focusing on their jobs.   These two bills will lend a hand to working parents. The Child Care  for Economic Recovery Act will help ensure parents have quality  childcare within their reach. The Child Care Is Essential Act will  provide necessary emergency funding for childcare providers, the  majority of which are small businesses.   Adequate, quality childcare for every working family is critical to  successfully opening our economy. Passing these bills will help our  children, our working parents, and the countless businesses dependent  on their talents.   I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  for organizing this Special Order this evening.   This morning the Capitol bid farewell for the last time to our  colleague and friend, the inimitable American hero, our beloved John  Lewis.   In the days since his passing, countless words have been delivered in  tribute to John's life, his accomplishments, his character, his  importance to our Nation.   I have no doubt in the years to come John Lewis will take his place  in our history books among not only the champions of the civil rights  movement but also in the pantheon of historical giants who have  literally reshaped the foundation and recalibrated the moral compass of  our Nation.   But as our Speaker clearly recognized on Tuesday when his body was  brought to lie in state under the Capitol's dome, no words, no matter  how great the tribute, can match those of John himself. From his famous  speech in 1963 at the March on Washington to his frequent and inspired  remarks to his fellow Members of Congress, often in what seemed like  the darkest moments, John Lewis' voice thundered, but his words were  always uplifting.   He talked to us about ``good trouble,'' noting that there is nothing  wrong with a little agitation for what is right and what is fair.   He instructed us to see all sides of an issue, ``You have to tell the  whole truth, the good and the bad, maybe some things that are  uncomfortable for some people.''   And he always looked to the future with hope and optimism. ``Take a  long, hard look down the road you will have to travel once you have  made a commitment to work for change. Know that this transformation  will not happen right away. Change often takes time.'' But he also  said: ``If you're not hopeful and optimistic, then you just give up.  You have to take the long, hard look and just believe that if you're  consistent, you will succeed.''   John may have left this Earth, but his inspiration remains deep  within us. I hope in the days ahead we can honor his memory by passing  into law the John Lewis Voting Rights Act.   And wouldn't it be fitting to also rename the Edmund Pettus Bridge-- where 55 years ago John put his life on the line to change the world-- the John Robert Lewis Memorial Bridge to reflect the change that John  brought to the world.   May his memory remain a blessing for each of us and for our country  at these most difficult times and hopefully in better times ahead.   