 Mr. President, the deadly coronavirus that emerged from  China late last year has now spread across the globe. The Chinese  Communist Party deceived the world, even their own people, and  unleashed the worst pandemic in a century on us all. Now it falls to us  to defeat it.   Here at home, a strange and unsettling hush has fallen over much of  the country, as businesses close and millions of Americans brace for  what is to  [[Page S2033]]  come. In New York, Seattle, New Orleans, and elsewhere, preparation for  the virus has ended. The virus has arrived in force. The urgent battle  to suppress it has begun.   In emergency rooms and ICUs, courageous doctors and nurses are  already locked in a battle to save the lives of their patients.  Protective gear is in short supply, but their regard for safety and  even family come second to their duty. The days ahead will be a close- run thing in those cities, as they struggle to keep their hospitals  open and functioning. But make no mistake. The China virus will spare  none of us--from the high-rises of the big cities to the hills of the  Ozarks.   Soon, the Senate will finally pass desperately needed emergency  legislation for our Nation, including a massive infusion of funds to  our healthcare system. But this legislation isn't about stimulus. It is  about survival.   With this legislation behind us, Americans are beginning to ask: What  is next? Yes, the virus is testing us already, and it has already  touched most of us by closing our churches, shuttering our businesses,  and threatening the jobs and retirement savings of millions of  Americans and, of course, threatening our lives. It is only natural  that so many are wondering anxiously when and how this unprecedented  crisis will end. And when it ends, will their jobs still there be? How  will they put food on their table? How will they pay the bills?   Americans want to know the plans so they can do their part. More  fundamentally, they want to know that there is a plan. Upended routines  combined with worry about the future naturally breed frustration. We  are citizens, after all, not passive carriers of a deadly pathogen.   This frustration has given rise to a new and growing argument that  Americans can't wait any longer, that we ought to open back up and take  our chances with this virus. After all, we can't stay inside forever.  We can't, as the saying goes, let the cure be worse than the disease.  The urgency to stave off economic collapse is, of course,  understandable. It is also tempting to think that we face a simple  choice between shutting down to fight the virus and opening up to save  the economy, but the choice is not so simple.    Some thoughtful observers note that the seasonal flu and automobile  accidents kill more Americans annually than has this virus. That is  true as far as it goes, but we are just at the beginning of this  pandemic. I have to add that the Javits Center in New York City has  never been converted into a field hospital for the flu or car wrecks.   Granting that, some say, perhaps we can reopen in a few days since  our elderly are most at risk from this virus. Quarantine them. Keep  them safe, the argument goes, while the rest of us get back to work.  Yet there are 72 million Americans who are over the age of 60 in this  country. Many of them raise children, live alone, or work outside the  home. They can't wall themselves off from the world nor should we wall  them in.   Moreover, tens of millions of younger Americans have preexisting  conditions that put them at an elevated risk for this virus. Are we to  quarantine all of them too? Even younger and healthier Americans are  not safe from this pandemic. The China virus attacks the lungs of the  young and the old alike. Of the cases we know, the virus appears to  send about one in seven younger people to the hospital. It is true that  survival rates for younger patients are better, but even their  recoveries depend on there being a functioning healthcare system.   If we give up on our efforts to control this virus now, our medical  system will be overwhelmed--hospitals will collapse; care will be  rationed; doctors will face the terrible choice of whom to save and  whom to let perish--and not just for patients of this virus but for  every American who needs intensive care, whether it be from a heart  attack or a stroke or a car wreck or anything else.   Besides, if left unchecked, this deadly virus will continue to wreck  our economy as surely as it has already. It was not President Trump who  shut down businesses, after all, and it really wasn't even the  Governors and mayors, though they issued the orders. Government- enforced closures were largely rearguard actions by communities that  had already ground to a halt due to the virus or that would have soon  come to a wrenching stop in the teeth of the pandemic.   Who among us would take our kids to a restaurant tomorrow if we  opened back up? Our economy isn't seized up because of government  dictates but, rather, because our people are understandably fearful of  the dangerous virus. So an immediate reopening without having the  resources in place to fight the virus isn't an option. Our hospitals  would be overwhelmed, and our brave doctors and nurses would succumb to  the illness. Our businesses would keep their doors closed or would  quickly close their doors again as workers and customers would stay  away.   The supposed choice between saving the economy and fighting the virus  turns out not to be much of a choice at all. We can't yet stop the  strong measures that are in place because we have no better option in  the short run, but neither can we continue them forever, for the  American people can only hold out for so long. So we must come up with  a better plan and fast. That plan starts with this big pause as we  protect ourselves and each other. We simply don't have the resources  today to fight any other way, but it will not end with this approach.   We must use the precious days and weeks ahead to lay the groundwork  for a new strategy to fight the virus--a strategy that will allow all  of us to gradually get back to work. For that to happen, we will need  to scale up our ability to rapidly test for the virus, as they have in  South Korea, so that we have a sense of where the virus is and where we  must keep it contained.   Already, America's public laboratories and companies are rising to  the challenge by processing tens of thousands of tests, but our ability  to test must grow even faster, and it is. We will need masks, too-- billions of them. We will also need local personnel who are trained and  prepared to do widespread contact tracing for those who test positive.  We will have to develop procedures for the strict quarantines of those  who test positive or for those who have been exposed to the virus--with  zero tolerance for breaking quarantine and endangering our fellow  citizens.   Once these elements are in place and the first wave of this virus has  passed, then we will be prepared to reopen our cities and communities  while remaining vigilant about new outbreaks. These preparations will  ensure we are ready to sustain our way of life until our scientists can  create what we so desperately need--therapeutic drugs and, ultimately,  a vaccine. A vaccine may take a year or more before it is available,  but these other intermediate precautions must go into effect much, much  faster.   America must, indeed, reopen. When we do, these decisions must be  based on local conditions, not an arbitrary nationwide timeline. Our  Governors and mayors understand their local conditions. They can make  gradual, rolling, calibrated decisions in a way that is responsible  when the tools to effectively fight this virus are ready and available.   What I have outlined may seem like a daunting and even impossible  challenge, but our Nation has overcome far greater challenges before.  Already, America is rising to take on the China virus. The giant of  American industry is awakening and retooling our factories to join this  fight just as we did during World War II. Never bet against America's  workers and American ingenuity. All across this country, Americans are  springing into action. We know the vital role our doctors and nurses  will play in the coming months alongside our first responders, our  factory workers, our farmers, our grocers, and on down the list.   Ask yourself now how you can help. Can you keep your distance from  those who are most at risk, realizing that the China virus preys on our  most earnest desires for society and companionship? Can you offer your  charity to a friend in need? Can you pick up groceries for your elderly  neighbor? Can you keep your workers on payroll and benefits for just a  little longer until our legislation kicks in? Can you postpone your  tenant's rent for a month? Can you pray for the deliverance of our  Nation and the world?   These are just a few of the things we must do as a country to make  reopening possible and life bearable in the  [[Page S2034]]  months ahead. We are all in this together, so we will need to have each  other's best interests at heart.   Many years of comfort and ease have, perhaps, conditioned us to ask  only what we are free to do, not what we are called to do. Yet the old  disciplines of peril and privation threaten to return, and we will need  old notions of duty to maintain order in the face of them. The darkest  days of this coronavirus are, in all likelihood, still ahead of us. Let  us face up to them bravely. Let us acknowledge the troubles ahead, and  let us devote our whole energy to winning this battle quickly so that  the normal life of our Nation can resume   I yield the floor.   