 Mr. President, I think the President of the United States  has done the things he can do within his authority to try to address  the issues before us, but the truth is, his authority just doesn't go  far enough.   Now, I have frequently questioned the President's view of how broad  the Presidential authority is, but in these actions he took in the last  few days, I looked at them carefully, and I think he had the authority  to do what he did, but he would probably be the first to admit that the  authority he has doesn't solve the problem the way it needs to be  solved.   It is time that the Congress stepped up and did its job. You know, in  this debate with the President, there is the article I view of the  government. There is a reason that the legislative branch is article I.  There is a reason it is our job to pass laws, and there is a reason  that it is the President's job to execute those laws. Occasionally, the  President has to act quicker on some emergency basis than the Congress,  and within the fairly narrow ability he has to act on this issue, he  has tried his best to step up where the Congress has failed to step up.   My good friend from Virginia just said: Well, the House bill is $3  trillion, and the Senate bill is $1 trillion. We should figure out how  to compromise at $2 trillion. Now, I believe in compromise. I think it  is the essence of democracy, but compromise actually has to be based on  some principle of the issue you are dealing with. You know, if the  House bill had been $5 trillion, I guess the logic would be that we  compromise at $3 trillion. If they had known that, their bill would  have probably been $5 trillion.   When the bill was passed, it was described by more than one reporter  as a Democratic wish list or the ultimate campaign platform having  everything in it. It was described by a whole lot more than one  reporter that about a third of their bill had nothing to do with COVID,  and another third of their bill is about the big question of what we  can do to help State and local government.    Let's put that issue aside for a minute. It is an issue that clearly  the House feels strongly about. Clearly, there are challenges to  governments, particularly at the local level, I think, and that has to  be dealt with in some way and maybe not at the $871 billion level or  whatever they have suggested. But that is a different issue that I  will, first of all, concede is very much part of the discussion and  should be.   But if you take out the third of the bill that has nothing to do with  COVID--let's get that off the table. We could have a debate about  whether people who are in the legal marijuana trade should get access  to banking, but I think you have to work really hard to make that a  COVID issue. We could have a debate about whether the Federal  Government should require every State in the country to allow ballot  harvesting, but I think that is very hard to make a COVID-19 issue.   A third of the bill, according to many people who analyzed the bill  when it came out, has nothing to do with COVID. So let's set aside the  other third of the bill that deals with State and local government, our  giving State and local government what we don't have to replace money  they don't have. I am not going to say that some element of that will  not be in a final bill, but let's talk about the things we all know  need to be in the first bill, which, in the House bill, were about $1  trillion.   How do you compromise with the House when you agree with them on a  number and they change the number?   Getting back to school is a critical part of what ought to be  happening right now. By the way, back-to-school money the schools get  in December will not be nearly as helpful as back-to-school money the  schools get in August. They need the money now. We need to see kids  back to school, whether it is distance learning, which takes some  assets and planning that districts need to do more on, or in-person  learning where that is possible, where you have more expenses for  probably more bus routes so you don't put as many people on the same  bus, more expenses for delayed starting times, and more expenses for  social distancing in classrooms. They need that money now.   In their bill, the Heroes Act, for elementary, secondary, and higher  education, the House put in $100 billion. We looked at that carefully.  I chair the committee that does that appropriating. I think we know as  much in our committee as anybody in the Senate about some of the needs  that are out there. We thought the number was $105 billion. As soon as  our bill came out, the House decided, no, we really need $400 billion.  How do you meet somebody in the middle when they keep changing where  the middle is?   The Heroes Act, which Members on the other side of the aisle have  repeatedly said we should pass and pass immediately, had $100 billion.  We had $105 billion. You would think that would have been good enough.  We might have argued some about the language, but there is not much  difference on the language. The argument is that Republicans never  spend enough, according to Democrats, and the Democrats seem to have no  limit on what they are willing to spend, according to us.   For childcare, there is a critical need for people to get both back  to school and back to work. The childcare system is intensely stressed  as part of what is going on--people who lose their jobs and take their  children out of childcare; people who would prefer, after they have  figured out how to do this a different way, not to put their kids back  in childcare for a little while. I haven't talked to anybody who thinks  the childcare system would have more than 50 percent of the kids  willing to come back who were there before. So how do you still make  childcare work? Do you double the childcare cost to make up for the  fact that 50 percent of the kids aren't there? Of course not. That  doesn't work at all.   The House put in the Heroes Act $7.5 billion for childcare; we put  $15 billion for childcare. Then the House decides: Well, no, we really  need $40 billion or $50 billion for childcare. It is pretty hard to  compromise in the middle if the middle was somewhere between $15  billion--and I think, hopefully, our number would have prevailed--and  $7.5 billion, and then suddenly the middle is somewhere between $50  billion and $15 billion.   Let's be serious here. Let's get this job done. Let's get kids back  to school. Let's get people back to work. Let's get childcare back for  kids. Let's do what we can to restore the healthcare system that has  been incredibly  [[Page S5397]]  stressed during this, and let's quit acting like there is this vast  disagreement, when the disagreement is way more apparent than real   If you look at the third of the bill that dealt with COVID-19 that  the House passed, we are very close. We are a little ahead of them on  testing. Testing absolutely is essential, in my view, to get kids back  to school and to get people back to work. Until we get well into the  vaccine period, having the vaccine and getting that vaccine to people,  testing is going to continue to be critical. We have money for vaccines  and vaccine distribution that I think exceeds the House bill money. We  could talk about what is really not a very big difference in a $1  trillion bill or something a little more than that.   We have said in our bill that, on testing, on vaccines, and on other  things, we are going to set some priorities. We said the Federal  Government priority is to be sure that everybody gets that test in  whatever way they can get it as quickly as they can get it. We said  nursing homes, childcare centers, elementary and secondary education,  and colleges and universities would be Federal priorities. Employers  are going to have to help with some of the workplace priorities, but we  think those are the right Federal priorities, and we put it in our  bill.   Back to work: You have to have childcare, again, to get back to work.  A second round of PPP: Again, something the Senator from Virginia  agreed we need to do.   Healthcare provider assistance: We ask our healthcare providers to do  the two hardest things you could possibly do at the same time; one was  stop all of the income you can possibly stop--stop the so-called  elective surgeries. By the way, some elective surgeries get less  elective the longer you wait until you have them, and we are seeing  some results of that right now. I think there was some logic to stop  putting people into the hospital, if you didn't have to, or having them  in the surgeon's facility, if you didn't have to, until we knew what  was happening here--and not only stop the income but stand ready for  the worst epidemic your community may have ever had to deal with or may  ever have to deal with at any time in the future. So maintain your full  readiness, stop your income. We need to come back now for the third  time and provide money for providers. Again, money now is much more  valuable than money 90 days from now.   Telemedicine: We finally have woken up to what the Federal Government  should have been doing for a decade and embrace telemedicine as part of  normal office visits that don't have to happen in the office as part of  behavioral health.   Our bill says that CMS, which determines how Medicare money is spent,  can't go back on what they have allowed in the last few months, ever.  And on some of the things they have allowed, they can't go back for a  significant period of time to see how this works.   Broadband: We could deal with this. If we are going to have  telemedicine and telebehavioral health, that kind of medicine, as well  as other kinds of medicines, you need to have access to broadband. Kids  who are learning remotely have to have the same opportunity as other  kids who are learning remotely and need to have access to broadband.  They need it as soon as they can get it, whether that is assistance to  get hooked up, which is a little easier than just access. We have been  working hard in this Senate and in our State legislature in my State to  get the Missourians who don't have access to high-speed broadband to  get that access.   There are areas here that are areas we need to be dealing with. Most  of them, you have to really work hard to pretend there is a  disagreement. Sure, you can decide that your education category was  really only 25 percent of what you really needed, but I think our House  friends know that is not right, and we know that is not right.   This is probably not the last bill we will pass, if it turns out we  are incorrect on our $100 billion or $105 billion, but $100 billion  right now to schools trying to get started is worth more than what $200  billion will be in May.   Let's give people the help they need when they need it. Let's quit  arguing about whether the President has inadequate tools to do what  everybody knows needs to be done. Certainly, that is true. That should  be true; that under the Constitution, the Congress has to do its job.   Compromise is more than some middle number between an outrageous  number and a number that may turn out to be not quite big enough. Let's  get serious. Let's get back to work. Let's do our job. Let's get back  to school, the country back to work, the country back to childcare, and  do those things we need to do to restore both the healthcare system  and, more importantly, the health of every American we can possibly  help.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   