 Mr. President, may I respond?    Mr. President, I want to associate myself with every  remark that we heard from the distinguished Senator from Georgia. She  has  [[Page S6368]]  shown a strong voice and strong leadership in this, and, of course, she  knows that 29 times, as she was trying to explain before being  interrupted, that there have been vacancies in an election year of the  Supreme Court. It happened.   What we know, historically, if we talk about historical precedence,  is if the President, asked by the Constitution--told by the  Constitution to nominate, and if the Senate is of the same party as the  President, generally, that person gets confirmed.   But on the other hand, if the President who nominates is of a  different party than the Senate--which is what happened in 2016 with  Merrick Garland after the Republicans had won the Senate--that nominee,  historically, is not confirmed. That is the history going through the  U.S. Senate confirmations.   The Constitution is clear. The President nominates, then advice and  consent by the Senate, and we know what happens there, generally--same  party, consent happens; different parties, divided government, and that  is what happened in 2016. President Obama was reelected in 2014, but  come 2016, the American people voted to put the Republican Party in the  majority.   So I actually have my dates wrong. It was 2012 that President Obama  was reelected, and in 2014, the majority went to the Republican Party.  So when a vacancy occurred in 2016, we had, as I stated, the majority-- a President of one party and a Senate majority in the other, and the  nominee, through advice and consent, was not confirmed.   That is what I am talking about, when I see this ongoing abuse of the  nominee, whom I had a chance to meet with today who believes in the  Constitution, follows the Constitution, is true on the Constitution-- and that is why the people of Wyoming are so delighted with her  nomination and why I am so happy to support her. But I appreciate the  Senator from Georgia for letting me come in a little bit on her time. I  am just grateful for her leadership and the strong statement she is  making on behalf of this very impressive, well-qualified judge.   I am really looking forward to voting to confirm her to the U.S.  Supreme Court.   I apologize to the Senator from Georgia if she has additional remarks  to make.    Well, I have something to present, and I have the mic  at this point to speak and I would like to complete that. And I know  the Senator from Oregon is scheduled to speak after that, so if we  could just go in regular order, Mr. President.    And I appreciate the remarks of the Senator from  Georgia, and I come to the floor today also in support of the  nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to serve on the U.S. Supreme  Court.   I will state that she is terrific. She is so impressive--so  exceptionally well qualified to take on this new responsibility.   But the partisanship that she has experienced from Democrats--well,  it has predictably backfired on them, certainly by the American people.  The majority of Americans of all parties, a majority of Americans have  said get her confirmed--put her on the Supreme Court because that is  what they saw when they watched the hearings last week--somebody who is  ready to serve our Nation and apply the law, not legislate from the  Bench.   This is an important moment in our history. Judge Barrett, the  Senate, the American people deserved a hearing that matched the moment  and that highlighted her qualifications and capabilities. Regrettably,  Americans got a weeklong lecture by Democrats which turned out to be a  partisan infomercial on ObamaCare.   This is a law that 10 years on, Democrats are still trying to explain  to the American people, still trying to explain how many--all these  millions and millions of people who lost their health insurance, trying  to explain millions and millions of people whose costs went up--more  than doubled   Judge Barrett is very clear and has been clear. She has no agenda for  any case, and as a judge she considers each case on the merits.   There is only one real explanation for Democrats' fixation on  ObamaCare during the Supreme Court hearing. They are trying to score  political points, appeal to their far-left base before an election. It  is shameful. It is a scare tactic.   I hear scare tactics and false attacks on healthcare that frighten  people. That is not the way we ought to be doing things. They never  mentioned that Senate Republicans have voted now five times to protect  people with preexisting conditions, including today on the bill that  every one of those Democrats voted against with a targeted relief plan.  There was a component in that to make sure that people with preexisting  conditions were protected and that coronavirus is now listed as a  preexisting condition. Every Democrat voted against adding coronavirus  as a preexisting condition. Every Republican today voted in favor.   So Democrats seem to be trying to make a standard confirmation  process about anything other than the qualifications of an  exceptionally qualified nominee.   The Presiding Officer has seen this, and we have talked about this.  These attacks began before her nomination was even announced. She was  criticized for being a mom, criticized for having seven children, and  criticized for going to church--criticized for going to church. There  are Democratic candidates now running for the U.S. Senate criticizing  her religion or faith in God. Astonishing.   The delay tactics and the defamation has continued. We have seen this  before. The American people saw through the Democrats' disturbing  attacks on Brett Kavanaugh 2 years ago. Americans rejected the cheap  character assassination. They rejected the low road, and now Democrats  are leaving open the possibility--and I hear this from Members of this  body--Members of this body, as well as candidates for the U.S. Senate.  They are leaving open the possibility that if they win the election, if  they take the White House, if they take the Senate, of expanding the  size of the U.S. Supreme Court--expanding the size from 9 to 11 or 13.  They haven't decided yet.   The Presidential candidate won't even announce what his thoughts are  on it. He won't say. He won't tell the American people. Oh, wait until  after the election is over. It is just like it was with ObamaCare,  first you have to pass it before you get to find out what is in it.   The size of the Supreme Court has been nine for 150 years--since  1869. Ruth Bader Ginsburg said nine is the right number. She said to go  beyond that would be politicizing it. But that is what we see happening  today with the sorts of threats that we see coming from the other side  of the aisle.   What do the American people think about that? Well, the New York  Times poll this week--58 percent of voters said they are against adding  additional members to the Supreme Court. How many favored? Just 31  percent, but they are the liberal activist base of the Democratic  Party. That is who they are. Those are the ones who want to call the  tune if they have Nancy Pelosi as Speaker of the House and Chuck  Schumer as majority leader and Joe Biden in the White House.   That is why Joe Biden won't tell the American people what he plans to  do.   Let me just get through that Americans can rest assured that  Republicans in the Senate are committed to this nominee. Just as the  Senator from Georgia has just said and as I have said and others have  said, Republicans in this body are committed to this nominee. We will  confirm this exceptional Justice regardless of the delay tactics,  regardless of the seek-and-destroy mission the Democrats have launched.  We are going to confirm this exceptional Justice to uphold the law as  written.   The Senate will vote, and the Senate will confirm Judge Amy Coney  Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court.   With that, I yield the floor    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion filed on the  Newman nomination be waived.    Mr. President, I move to recess.   