 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this  bipartisan measure to draw attention to a really horrible development  that could occur if, again, Congress and the public are not watching,  which is a proposal by Major League Baseball to eliminate 25 percent of  the minor league teams all across America.   I am here next to the logo of the Norwich Sea Unicorns, which is a  Class A baseball team in Norwich, Connecticut, a franchise that goes  back decades. As many of the other Members have said, it provides an  affordable family venue for people to go to a professional baseball  game and see the stars of the future, something that, with the price of  tickets of Major League Baseball, whether it is Fenway Park, Yankee  Stadium, or Citi Field in New York City, is just far beyond what a  working family can afford to do.   The logic of this, in terms of economics, makes absolutely no sense.  Over the last 4 years, Minor League Baseball has averaged consistently  40 million fans. The cost to Major League Baseball per franchise is  about $400,000 for the entire team for a season.   When you look at the average value of a Major League Baseball team,  it is about $1.78 billion. Again, there are, obviously, the really  high-rent teams like the Yankees in my friend Carolyn Maloney's  neighborhood, but even the smallest is worth over $1 billion. So, the  notion that Major League Baseball is in desperate financial straits  just does not add up.   That is why having GAO called upon, which this bill does--this isn't  just a feel-good bill. It calls on the gold standard, the neutral  analysts in our country to drill down and look at what the economic  impact would be. And we who represent these communities know that the  impact would be devastating.   On February 3, we had a rally in Norwich, Connecticut. Hundreds of  people showed up, the vendors and folks who actually benefit from the  economic ripple effect of a Minor League Baseball team, but also the  families and kids, the high school baseball teams that use the field.   We need to rise up and stop this development, which really goes to  the heart of our country in terms of its national pastime. Again, I  strongly urge all of us to come together and pass this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the FREED Vets  Act, a bipartisan measure led by my friend Conor Lamb from Pennsylvania  and Brian Fitzpatrick, Republican, from Pennsylvania, that will  automatically discharge Federal student loan debt for eligible  permanently disabled veterans.   Mr. Speaker, there is about a trillion dollars of student loan debt  overhanging the U.S. economy, and we have worked on the Education and  Labor Committee to pass the College Affordability Act that would open a  pathway for people who serve in public service to get that debt  discharged after 10 years.   This bill is, in my opinion, a great example of bipartisan agreement  that there is one population that should get immediate relief, which is  the men and women who have worn the uniform of this country and who  have suffered grievous injury, whether it is visible or invisible, and  who are 100 percent disabled.   As again has been stated, the Education Department got off to a start  in terms of trying to implement this type of approach. This bill just  will again strengthen and support that effort to make sure that the  minute the VA has identified an individual who is permanently disabled  who served our Nation, that notice will go to the Education Department  and the discharge will be automatic. No application process, no  matching process, again, it will just happen by operation of law.   The statistics show that this is a real problem. There are 42,000  veterans with student loan debt who, again, are permanently disabled,  and 25,000 of those are in default. Getting this bill passed, getting  this in operation as soon as possible is the most powerful way this  country can say thank you, to eliminate one additional burden on people  who have just shown their commitment and patriotism to our country.   I congratulate the bipartisan sponsors of this bill, Mr. Lamb and Mr.  Fitzpatrick, and urge all of us to come together and get this bill  passed today, as soon as possible.   