 Madam President, I thank the Democratic leader.   I have a prepared speech I want to make, but I heard Senator Schumer  talk about this. These are human beings. We in this body are Senators.  We go back and forth to our States. We have the privilege of working  pretty safe. We are paid. We aren't exposed to the virus all that much,  mostly because we are pretty careful because we can be, and we have  jobs where we can be.   Think about this. You work in a grocery store, and you are exposed to  the coronavirus. A grocery store worker told me one day: They tell me I  am essential, but I feel expendable because I am not very safe in this  job, and they don't pay me much.   What if she gets laid off--that wouldn't happen so much in a grocery  store because they are hiring--but in another job, they get laid off.  They have to worry about potential eviction. Their unemployment will  run out at the end of July. We have done nothing to help them   What happens with all these people who get evicted? They end up on  the streets or they go to homeless shelters that are too crowded. They  go to live on their cousin's couch in the basement. What are the  chances of them getting coronavirus? These are human beings in New York  and Ohio and Idaho and Tennessee and all over. I can't believe we are  not about to do something about this.   I thank the leader for his involvement on this issue that is so  important. We are in the middle of a crisis, unlike anything any of us  have ever lived through. That goes without saying. Every single day we  hear about hundreds and hundreds more Americans dying.   Back in March, South Korea had 90 cases. We had 90 cases. The capital  of South Korea is 800 miles from Wuhan where this virus started. They  have had fewer than 300 people die. We have had 120,000. They don't  have better doctors. They don't have better public health. They don't  have better medical scientists. They have better leaders than we do,  obviously. Their unemployment rate is under 4 percent and fewer than  300 people have died. The people who have died are our sisters, our  brothers, our parents, our friends, and neighbors.   The President of the United States and the Republican leader down the  hall--who occasionally goes in and out of his office--have stopped  pretending to care. They rarely talk about the coronavirus. The  President rarely extends any sympathy to our brothers and our sisters  and our parents and our friends and our neighbors who have been sick  and who have died. It is not the President's rich friends who are  dying; it is our grandparents. They are the people in nursing homes.  They are disproportionately the Black and Brown workers who caught the  virus on the job.   The Trump administration and Senator McConnell, essentially, have  just given up. We can't. We have to do our jobs. We need to show  leadership where the President has failed and where the majority  leader--the most powerful person in this body, the top elected official  in the Senate, says: ``I see no urgency.'' He sees no urgency because  he is not out talking to people who are about to be foreclosed on or  evicted from their home. Imagine being evicted in the middle of a  pandemic. Imagine the fear and anxiety a family have when they are in  that position.   We need to fight the health crisis and economic crisis. We can't do  one without the other. Millions of Americans are in danger of being  evicted and having their homes foreclosed on. The last thing we need to  do is turn them out on the streets.   We have a housing crisis. Many know this. Senator Menendez has joined  us, who is one of the best advocates for these issues of anybody in the  Senate. We knew there was a housing crisis before the coronavirus set.   We know that one-fourth of renters in this country, before the  coronavirus, paid more than half of their income in housing. One thing  happens in their life, just one thing. Their car breaks down. Their  child gets sick. They get in a car accident, and they are out of work  for a week. They get evicted. They don't have any kind of margin there.   We know that professions we are recognizing as essential don't pay  enough to afford housing. We are seeing millions of people have these  emergencies. The ones they had before, many people have now. Millions  have them all at once. They face impossible choices between rent and  groceries, or prescriptions, or draining their savings, or going to a  payday lender, and you never go to a payday lender once. You keep going  back and back, and the interest you pay is more than you originally  borrowed. In essence, they have no choice at all. It is not a choice  between prescriptions and groceries and draining their savings. It is  no choice at all. Far too often, it ends up being eviction.   In the CARES Act, we passed emergency expansion of unemployment  insurance. I appreciate my friend Senator Crapo, chairman of this  committee, who supported that and so much of what is in this package.  We provided funding for the most immediate needs of housing and  organizations that put a temporary moratorium on evictions and  foreclosures for some--not all renters and not nearly all homeowners.  It is an important step but not enough.   We face two huge cliffs. This is July 1. On July 31, the $600 a month  that has kept people in their homes and kept food on their table and  kept clothes on the backs of their kids--that $600 a month ends come  July 31. At the end, in many cases, the eviction moratorium ends.   The President and Leader McConnell don't seem to notice. They don't  seem to care. For all those renters who have been protected, back rent  will suddenly be due. You may have gotten a moratorium on your rent for  3 months, but now you will owe for 4 months. The same goes for millions  who aren't protected under the CARES Act but got relief from a  temporary State or local moratorium or because their eviction courts  were closed in many States.   With tens of millions of people filing for unemployment, the  President is still refusing to lead and do something about this virus  to get it under control. We know people still need help. They still  need help paying the rent. They still need help making mortgage  payments. They still need help protecting themselves from evictions and  foreclosures. Forty percent of Black and Latinx renters report they are  unlikely able to make their next payment--40 percent. It is not because  they are not working hard. They got laid off and are in low-wage jobs.   That is why Senator Menendez and I and Senator Schumer and others  cosponsored and introduced--39 of my fellow colleagues--introduced the  Emergency Rental Assistance Stabilization Act. It would provide $100  billion for emergency rental assistance, including help with missed  rent and utility bills. It already passed the House twice.   It is included in the Heroes Act that they passed a month ago, but it  is sitting on the majority leader's desk because he doesn't seem to  notice. For millions of families, the bills keep  [[Page S4109]]  coming and the clock keeps ticking and the stress keeps mounting.    Now a second round of layoffs are starting because this President  refuses to lead and get this virus under control.   Two weeks ago, they reopened eviction courts in Columbus. They opened  the Convention Center to process evictions. Think of the heartache in  that building. People go to court and find out they are evicted. The  judge brings down a gavel, and their lives turn upside down. Reflect on  that. Tens of millions of people lose their jobs. We are not using  arenas to play basketball or to play indoor soccer. We are not doing  that now. We are using arenas as eviction courts.   Before this pandemic, President Trump and his wealthy Cabinet Members  didn't realize or didn't care that behind the rosy stock market data  this economy was already broken for millions of workers--especially for  Black and Brown workers for whom it never worked to begin. Now the  Trump administration--sort of like what happened with the Russians  paying to kill American troops--the administration either doesn't know  it or doesn't care that the bottom is falling out for these families.   Without emergency rental assistance, these families find themselves  on the street with their lives turned upside down in the middle of a  pandemic.   People are tired of the lack of action and lack of accountability.  They are tired of being betrayed by a leader who is supposed to look  out for them. They are tired of feeling like no one is on their side.  We are the greatest country on the Earth, and we should act like it.   American people should not always have to fend for themselves because  we have an indifferent majority leader and a President who doesn't know  or doesn't care in the middle of this once-in-a-generation crisis.   It is time to step up. It is time to lead. It is time to think about  what it would be like to face an eviction, knowing your two small  children and you don't know where you are going to live. It is probably  going to be in a homeless shelter or in a cousin's basement. You know  your chances of getting infected with the coronavirus go up. Just think  about those people when we make these decisions.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of S. 3685, the Emergency Rental Assistance  and Rental Market Stabilization Act of 2020. I ask that the bill be  considered read three times and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Madam President, before turning to Senators Menendez,  Cortez Masto, Wyden, Klobuchar, Reed, Schatz, and Van Hollen, who all  want to speak, I appreciate the comments from my friend--and he really  is my friend--from Idaho. We work well together.   We want to do regular order. This last bill was passed in March. Then  there was April, May, June. Now we are in July. It is not a question of  regular order. We would love to sit down with Senator McConnell and  start negotiating as to what is next. We have wanted that really from  about April 1. No April Fools' joke there; we really wanted to do that.  Instead, Senator McConnell just seemed to ignore this.   I mean, go back to the human side. What happens when somebody is  unemployed? We will be leaving now for 2  [[Page S4110]]  weeks. That is why we are doing these unanimous consent requests now.  It is because we want to see action. We have asked and asked and begged  and begged and pleaded and pleaded. So what happens? We will go back  home for 2 more weeks. Right now, if you can't find a job, if you are  unemployed and are getting that $600 a week, you start paying attention  online or you read the papers or however you get your information, and  you find out that this is going to expire at the end of July. You don't  know what you are going to do, but you know that you haven't paid rent  in 3 months because you have had an eviction moratorium.   Senator Crapo talked about the moratorium. Only half of the people  who pay mortgages are subject to that moratorium and are protected, and  only a third of people who rent are. So, for most people, that is  simply not the case.   Now that the eviction courts are open and the evictions are starting,  what happens to those people? Are we just going to say: Well, let's see  it play out. We know what will happen. If you don't have rental  assistance, if you lose your unemployment and don't get that $1,200  check, which is basically 1 month's rent for most people, we know what  is going to happen to you. Your life is going to turn upside down. That  is why we need to move. That is why we need to pass this.   I am disappointed that Senator McConnell has shown no interest in  doing anything on this other than just sitting tight and hoping that  the money he raises from special interests--from tobacco, the gun  lobby, banks, and insurance companies--can help his candidates get  reelected and he can be majority leader again   I yield the floor to Senator Menendez.    Thank you, Senator Stabenow, and thank you for introducing  this bill and your leadership on all issues agriculture, especially the  importance of SNAP and feeding people.   This is the United States of America. One specific thing Senator  Stabenow said that really caught me was, it is pretty simple: People  should have a roof over their head, and people should have food on the  table.   Think if you don't. I don't think that probably most of us know,  intimately, people who don't have enough to eat and people who get  evicted. I don't think we feel the anxiety they feel every night,  wondering about the next meal. Today is July 1, wondering about the  rent payment.   Senator Klobuchar said this earlier today; that before the  coronavirus, 25 percent of Americans who rent spend more than half  their income in rent. So if one thing goes wrong in their life--one  thing goes wrong: their car breaks down; they have a problem and their  roof leaks; their child gets sick; they get hurt on the job and miss 2  weeks of pay, their life turns upside down.   Do we think about them? Do we think about their anxiety? Apparently  not.   Today, this could have been a really, really, really good day for  workers in this country--for fast-food workers, for the people who  change the linen in hospitals, for custodians, for data entry people,  for home care workers--people who are on their feet all day long  working for little pay. It could have been a big-deal day. It could be  a red-letter day for them because we could have assured them that they  will not get evicted; that they will not get foreclosed on if their  hours have been cut back or if they are laid off; and we could have  assured them that they would get a little food on the table. But under  the leadership of Senator McConnell, we don't ever do that.   Senator McConnell's office is back there. I don't know if he ever  thinks about people like that. One of my favorite Lincoln quotes is he  said: I have to get out of the White House and get my public opinion  baths. I have to see how people are living. I want to hear about  people's lives.   I can't imagine Senator McConnell does any of that; otherwise, he  couldn't make these awful, hard-hearted decisions to eliminate  unemployment when it ends at the end of this month. Maybe he will  decide to compromise, but, right now, if you are an unemployed worker,  and you can't find a job in Detroit or in Portland or in Eugene or in  St. Paul, you wonder if your unemployment is going to just stop, and  you are going to get evicted. You don't have enough food, and we don't  do a damn thing about it here.   This is the United States of America. Couldn't we help hard-working  Americans? Instead, we see an objection to rental assistance. We see an  objection to increasing food benefits. I don't get it, the United  States of America, that this would possibly happen.   We should take up and pass Senator Stabenow's bill right now to  increase SNAP benefits.   At a time when the country is finally focusing on racial injustice,  we have to recognize these issues are all connected.   You all know that this pandemic has been the great revealer. It has  revealed income inequality. It has revealed racial disparities. It has  revealed life expectancies. If you look like me, your life expectancy  is a good bit longer than if you are African American or Latino in this  country; that our earning power is more and that our educational  opportunities are greater. We know all that. Are we doing anything  about it here? No, we are not.   The President of the United States has put all of that behind him. He  doesn't care about the pandemic. He never mentions the 120,000 people  in this country--our brothers and sisters and mothers and fathers and  children and grandparents who have died from this. He never mentions  them. He has forgotten about that. He just doesn't want it to affect  the stock market.   It goes on and on and on. Increased demand at food banks, we hear it  all the time. We see the stress on employees and the volunteers at food  banks.   Governor DeWine, to his credit--a Republican, and I appreciate that  he is doing this--sent the National Guard in to help at food banks.  Why? Because many, many food bank volunteers are older, and they  couldn't risk getting exposed to so many who are coming in for food.  The lines are hours and hours and hours long. Food insecurity rates  have doubled since March, almost.   We are realizing why we have a safety net in this country. We are  realizing the importance of government. But, apparently, my colleagues,  under Senator McConnell and President Trump, don't want to recognize  that government has a role in our lives.   The House did its part. It passed the Heroes Act, which has a 15- percent across-the-board increase of SNAP benefits, but, as always,  Leader McConnell is standing in the way.   Leader McConnell says no to rental assistance. He says no to helping  State and local governments. Wait until the layoffs in Michigan and  Ohio and Oregon and Minnesota and North and South Dakota. Wait until  the government and the local government layoffs come. Then what are we  going to do?   People shouldn't have to always fend for themselves in the middle of  a crisis. We should not have people starving or risking their health to  get food. People shouldn't be hungry in this country--in this rich  country.   It is time for us to step up. It is time to lead where the President  has failed. It is time for Senator McConnell to let us do our jobs-- debate this; let's pass it; and let's move forward.   I yield the floor.   