 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   This impeachment process has been flawed from the outset. It  resembles not a congressional action; it resembles, more, a Dr. Seuss  book, knowing not which way it goes.   On September 24, the Speaker declared at a press conference the House  was conducting an impeachment inquiry. However, contrary to the  Speaker's decree that we were all of a sudden in an impeachment  inquiry, the House did not authorize the impeachment inquiry until  October 30 by adopting H. Res. 660.   It was said just a moment ago that the Speaker has been leading the  fight for a fair trial in the Senate. I wish the Speaker had been  leading for a fair hearing in the House instead of trashing our rules.   For those 71 out of 78 days, from the time it was announced at a  press conference to the time we finished, the President was not  permitted to participate in these meetings. Think of that: 71 days out  of 78 in which we actually did something on impeachment, he was not  presented the ability to cross-examine fact witnesses, present  counterarguments, no due process at all in those 71 days.   When presented with the opportunity, when it came to the Judiciary  Committee, instead of the Judiciary Committee stepping up and actually  acting like the Judiciary Committee, the committee of impeachment, we  punted.   We had some law professors who already had their basic talking  points. He could have cross-examined them. That would have done a lot  of good.   Then we could have had witnesses of staffers who testified--again, a  lot of good.   Where were the fact witnesses? Instead of the rubber stamp that we  were warned about 20 years ago by the current chairman, we became the  rubber stamp.   Democrats repeatedly violated House rules and blatantly abused the  rules they wrote in H. Res. 660. Even to this day, we will pass this  out in violation of H. Res. 660.   They used inflammatory rhetoric haunting them because this is what  they had to do.   One Democrat said: I call for impeachment today because it is one  heck of an emergency.   Another said: We have a crime in progress. We have an emergency in  our national election that is going on right now.   But my favorite, in December: It is a crime spree in progress.   Oh, the hyperbole just reeks in this room.   When we understand this, if it was such an emergency, if it was in  lieu to finding a 911 call, then why did we hold this for almost a  month? Well, we have been told that it is to help have a Senate fair  trial--be damned the House inappropriate process we had.   But even now that the process was bad, I am going to go back, and  let's make sure the facts are here because they still haven't changed:   A phone call that was put out in a transcript in which no pressure  was applied, there was no conditionality on anything given in that call  or since to do that.   There was also nothing given by the Ukrainians to actually get this  money that was released, by the way, before--it was actually a  statutory deadline of September 31. They did nothing. They got the  money anyway.   But the problem is they want the Senate to do their job for them. But  that is not how it works. You see, the Speaker--and what I have heard  today even from folks giving 1-minutes, Madam Speaker, is this was all  they wanted. It was a political impeachment. They have said he is  impeached for life.   This shows the true motivation, I believe, of the other side. It is  their dislike for this President and the good work he is doing.   So, Madam Speaker, before I reserve here for a moment, this has  always been a political impeachment. Even today, on the floor, the talk  of the President being forever impeached and this always being a stain  forgets the Senate trial.   I hope this ends this political impeachment and this body never sees  it again.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate that. Madam  Speaker, is the gentleman from New York ready to close?    Madam Speaker, there are no other speakers?    Madam Speaker, there are no speakers? A  closing is no other speakers.    Madam Speaker, then the gentleman is not  ready to close, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I will take it back. Madam  Speaker, give me the time one more time.    Madam Speaker, two facts just came out right  here, and again, we are going to hear in just a moment, but they are  facts. Undoubtedly the mics are not working on the other side, on the  majority side. We have talked about the facts. There is not  overwhelming evidence. We have discussed this over and over until we  are blue in the face, but it doesn't matter because this is a political  impeachment.   This has nothing to do with the facts. We have shown that there was  nothing done wrong, but that does not matter. When the train is on the  tracks, the whistle is blowing, impeachment matters, and the only thing  that matters on the timeline, the only real emergency here is that  there is a 2020 election in which the Democrats can't stand to see the  fact this President is going to win again. They can't stand the fact of  who they have got running, so what do we do? We impeach him, as they  said, for life. That is wrong. Vote ``no.''   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   