 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 4920) to amend title 38, United States  Code, to provide for an exception to certain small business contracting  requirements applicable to the Department of Veterans Affairs  procurement of certain goods and services covered under the Ability One  program, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and  concur in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 38, United States  Code, to provide for improvements to the specially adapted housing  program and educational assistance programs of the Department of  Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment  thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (S. 3637) to amend the Servicemembers Civil  Relief Act to extend lease protections for servicemembers under stop  movement orders in response to a local, national, or global emergency,  and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, if there was a loophole in Federal law that  led to a waste of taxpayer dollars and abuse of servicemembers and  veterans, most of my colleagues would immediately spring into action to  close that loophole and prevent waste, fraud, abuse, and the  exploitation of our fellow Americans.   Well, that is exactly what for-profit schools are doing right now by  exploiting a loophole in the law that caps the amount of Federal  revenue that schools can receive. This loophole, known as the 90/10  loophole, excludes GI Bill and DOD tuition assistance benefits from the  statutory limits on Federal revenue sources a for-profit school can  claim.   Because of this, for-profits have used predatory tactics to  aggressively recruit servicemembers and veterans, stealing their  benefits and making millions in profit while providing them with low- quality education.   I have heard countless stories of this exploitation as chairman of  the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs. Make no mistake, I will be  taking decisive action to close this loophole for GI Bill benefits  recipients. But first, closing this loophole for the DOD tuition  assistance program is an important step to rid these Federal programs  of this perverse incentive.   The DOD tuition assistance program, which pays up to $4,500 per year,  has allowed servicemembers to pursue higher education at a reduced  rate. Military education programs are extremely popular and have played  an important role in educating millions of servicemembers.   In fiscal year 2017, over 255,000 servicemembers received nearly half  a billion dollars in tuition assistance funding. However, because of  the 90/10 loophole, many of our servicemembers have been aggressively  targeted by for-profit schools looking to make up the difference in  their funding. This loophole has incentivized predatory institutions to  continuously deploy deceptive recruiting and marketing tactics to  collect as much GI Bill and tuition assistance funding as possible.   So far, it has been lucrative. For every military student they can  enroll, they can enroll nine more Title IV students in their low- performing programs.   This is not the free market at work. The fundamental basis of the 90/ 10 rule was to demonstrate that a real market exists for these  educational programs and validate the quality and cost of these  programs. This loophole lets these predatory schools cheat the free  market and the government by collecting up to 100 percent of their  revenue from Federal dollars.   This is a bipartisan issue and a bipartisan amendment. I ask that my  colleagues stand up for our servicemembers and protect taxpayer dollars  from predatory for-profit institutions that only view them as a benefit  to their bottom line.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains on  my side.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Kildee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Nevada (Mrs. Lee), one of my committee members on the Veterans' Affairs  Committee.   