 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Castro for yielding. I thank  Mr. Smith for his great work on this, and Chairman Blumenauer for the  work of the Committee of Ways and Means. And I thank Chairman McGovern  as well.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan Uyghur  Forced Labor Prevention Act. We really need to wake people out of their  torpor. It has been reported in the newspapers often, but I don't think  most Americans realize exactly what is going on in China.   It was almost 50 years ago when Nixon first went to China. And we  always believed, as Americans, that the more they are exposed to our  way of life, our democracy, our economic system, the more they would  become like us. That simply has not happened.   We have had hearings on the China Commission. We had a hearing the  other day of the Committee on Ways and Means, and the witnesses  testified not only about forced labor, which is clear, but they talked  about crimes against humanity. They talked about forced sterilization.  They talked about forcing people to eat pork, even though it violates  their religion. They talked about prohibiting people from practicing  their faith, attending religious ceremonies, observing fasts.   It is hard to imagine that in today's world that forced labor is  happening and we know about it. We need to recognize that China has to  be held accountable. We have rules in place now that say you can't use  forced labor, but this bill is going a big step further in saying  everything that comes out of the Xinjiang region will be presumed to be  using forced labor. This is going to have a big impact. A lot of the  cotton in the world comes from China; 84 percent of that cotton from  China comes from the Xinjiang region. This will have an impact. We will  have to support other countries to produce cotton. We will have to work  to get the Northern Triangle, for example, to produce cotton so we can  try and address those issues where our friends are. But we need to hold  China and the Chinese Communist Party accountable for these violative  acts of our very conscience. We have to do everything we can do to  stand up for our values and to say this is simply unacceptable.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues for their support.   