 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support the Fraud and Scam  Reduction Act, which includes my bipartisan Protecting Indian Tribes  from Scams Act that I introduced alongside Representative Gianforte, to  address the rise of scams during this deadly pandemic.   As our Nation grieves the loss of more than 247,000 Americans to  COVID-19, and millions of families experience financial hardship, it is  nothing short of reprehensible that scammers are preying on the most  vulnerable amongst us.   Fraud reports to the Federal Trade Commission, which had been steady  at 770,000 per quarter over the past 4 years, jumped to 1.1 million  this summer, including an increase of 144 percent coinciding with the  pandemic. That demonstrates why we must come together to protect  Americans against fraud and theft.   Nationwide, predatory schemes have already cost Americans over $1.5  billion in stolen assets so far in 2020. Scammers have targeted the  $1,200 economic impact payments, peddled false treatments for COVID-19,  and attempted to sell defective personal protective equipment at a time  when the fears and confusion over COVID-19 remain high.   These scams have put elders', military servicemembers', and families'  health and finances at risk, and it is time for Congress to put an end  to the despicable practice. This bipartisan effort will help Congress  take additional measures to tackle this threat and better understand  the scale of this crisis.   As COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations rise in New Mexico and across  the Nation, I will continue working, on a bipartisan basis, to provide  additional relief and alleviate the financial pressures that all New  Mexicans are facing.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to  protect our communities against scams and fraud.   I thank the chairman for his work. I thank Chairwoman Schakowsky for  her work. And I thank Chairman and current Ranking Member   Greg Walden  for his work, his commitment to his constituents, his service to the  people of America.   Mr. Speaker, Greg is a good friend. It has been fun to spar with him.  It has been fun to work with him. I look forward to his public service  after he retires from the U.S. House of Representatives.   