 Mr. President, I stand today to honor my friend Gary  Herbert, Governor of the State of Utah for the last 12 years, who,  after a long career in public service, is now embarking on a really  well-deserved, hard-earned retirement.   He served the State of Utah and has done so with great enthusiasm and  dedication and spirit, and I am grateful to have worked alongside him  throughout his tenure serving our great State.   Gary Herbert was born in American Fork, UT, and grew up in Orem. He  served a 2-year mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day  Saints on the east coast and later attended Brigham Young University,  my alma mater.   He first began his public service in college, serving in the Utah  Army National Guard for 6 years and eventually becoming a staff  sergeant. After his time in the National Guard, he set up a real estate  firm and was very successful, eventually becoming the president of the  Utah Association of Realtors. He also served as president of the Utah  Association of Counties, by the way.   Starting in 1990, he served as a commissioner on the Utah County  Commission. He served there for 14 years, and it was at that point that  he began his statewide service within Utah. You see, in 2004, when Jon  Huntsman ran for the Governor's seat, Gary became his running mate,  running alongside Huntsman as his Lieutenant Governor, with the pair  going on to win the race in November.   It was then that I first got to know Gary Herbert personally, when I  was hired to be Governor Huntsman's general counsel. One of my first  memories of Gary Herbert--which, to me, seems like it was just the day  before yesterday--occurred when we all began moving into the Governor's  office suite, just the day before Herbert and Huntsman were sworn into  office.   Gary came in and provided us all with a warm welcome, but he didn't  stop at the welcome. He offered really sound and heartfelt advice about  the importance of staying grounded as we were entering the political  fray. He explained that long after our service and the Huntsman-Herbert  administration expired, we want to be able to look back and be pleased  about the relationships that we had formed with each other, but  especially the relationships  [[Page S7991]]  that we had maintained with our families, our children, and God.   I soon learned that Governor Herbert, in addition to being wise and  in addition to being a skilled and valuable statesman, was also a  formidable athlete. Right after he and Governor Huntsman were sworn in,  the staff got together as a team several times in the Governor's  mansion, where we soon discovered there was a ping-pong table in the  basement. I then learned the hard way that Governor Herbert's athletic  skills, including his ping-pong skills, are off the charts.   While severing Governor Huntsman, I always found Gary to be friendly,  approachable, and always willing to tackle every single assignment with  eagerness and poise. Whenever Governor Huntsman's schedule became  chaotic or changed unexpectedly, which happens in any Governor's office  or any Senator's office, for that matter, particularly at certain times  of the year, Lieutenant Governor Herbert would routinely be dispatched  to speak on Huntsman's behalf, often sending him to remote corners of  the State and often at really inconvenient times.   He never once complained. And he was not only willing, but he was  always eager and happy. He felt fortunate for the opportunity to help.  That is the kind of enthusiasm that the people of the State of Utah  have benefitted from for so long as a result of Gary Herbert's service.  You see, he has never lost that--not during his entire time as  Lieutenant Governor and not during his entire time as Governor. You can  tell that he is exactly where he wants to be and that he feels  privileged and he has been blessed to be able to serve the people of  Utah.   Likewise, whenever there was an issue that needed to be addressed by  the Governor, even within the office or around the capitol compound,  but where the Governor was unable to meet with the particular group in  question, Gary was always assigned to the case. He would meet with, as  he described it, all the different stakeholders. He would get together  the legislators, county commissioners, citizens from this or that part  of the State, lobbyists, lawyers who may have been involved, in  addition to other members of Governor Huntsman's administration. He  would bring them all in together, and he would wade through all the  intricate and often pedestrian details of the matter. You see, he  wanted to get to the bottom of the issue. He wanted to understand it.  What is more, he had the skill of figuring out the best path forward  for all parties involved and for making everyone feel heard and  understood. If ever, whenever, there was a way to achieve a win-win,  Gary found it, and he brought people to it, and they were always  grateful as a result.    The same traits that I saw in him as Lieutenant Governor would go on  to make him an effective and beloved Governor himself. In office now as  Governor since 2009, Gary Herbert is currently the Nation's longest  serving Governor, and our State has seen exciting achievement and  tremendous prosperity with Governor Herbert at the helm.   In the last 8 years, Utah has seen continued, steady growth in our  economy, with improvements in our GDP, number of jobs, and unemployment  rate. We have seen the boom of Silicon Slopes. We celebrated the  sesquicentennial of the driving of the Golden Spike, when it was an  honor to stand alongside Governor and Mrs. Herbert at that celebratory  reenactment.   On that particular occasion, Governor Herbert and his wife Jeanette  showed their characteristic enthusiasm by arriving in their finest 1869  apparel just to commemorate the moment, and it made all the difference.  It made it all feel much more authentic.   So, too, was it an honor to join Gary when President Trump came to  Utah to announce his decision to shrink the Bears Ears National  Monument, when we could all stand together and celebrate the fact that  someone in Washington had heard our concerns within the State and saw  fit to redraw the boundaries in a manner more compatible with local  interests and concerns.   Through his enthusiasm and his zeal, Gary Herbert has championed our  State and the things that we stand for. He has done so very  consistently and very enthusiastically. He can rattle off figures and  metrics about Utah at the drop of a hat. I am convinced this man can do  it in his sleep and do so infectiously and persuasively. And he is a  compelling spokesman for our State's values.   His spirit has helped Utah to attract talent and investment not only  from throughout the United States but from throughout the world and to  make it the good place that it is to live.   Not only that, but Gary has been an instrumental partner in  supporting initiatives that reflect and strengthen the values of our  State. To champion the reclamation of our lands, he signed into law the  Utah Transfer of Public Lands Act. He also signed into law innovative  criminal justice reforms in Utah. He was at the cutting edge of that  movement, making a far-reaching impact across our State and that ended  up having impacts elsewhere.   In fact, his work in Utah in criminal justice reform helped pave the  way for the work that Congress and President Trump were able to achieve  at the Federal level through the passage of the First Step Act.   He has been a strong supporter of Utah's family culture and was  helpful in the Senate's work promoting the child tax credit during our  tax reform discussions just 3 years ago.   On a more personal note, Gary Herbert also had the wisdom to put my  brother Tom on the Utah Supreme Court. In so doing, he has been a  champion for textualism, the notion that judges are there to interpret  the law based on what the law says, rather than on the basis of what it  might have said.   For all of his public achievements, Gary is perhaps most proud and  always most conscious of and most aware of and most concerned about his  own role as a husband, as a father, and as a grandfather. Gary and his  wife Jeanette have 6 children together, as well as 16 grandchildren,  and he is known to encourage them to ``follow in his footsteps and  marry up.''   In a myriad of ways, Governor Herbert has been a champion and a  spokesman for all that is good about our State. It has been an honor to  serve the people of Utah with him, and I wish Governor Herbert and his  wife Jeanette all the best as they embark on the next chapter of their  lives together.   I yield the floor.   