 Madam Speaker, first of all, let me thank Chairman  Neguse for his profound words, generous words, kind words, and  committed support to this bill. I also thank Ranking Member McClintock  for his review of this impactful history of our Nation.   This is the reason that Nebraska chose to honor Chief Standing Bear  and to share his legacy with the entire United States with a statue  recently placed in Statuary Hall.   In fact, Madam Speaker, I was walking through there recently, and I  stopped for a moment and paused. I watched the young children gather  around the Chief Standing Bear statue because it is so impressive and  so dignified, and the words that are below it are so impactful: ``I am  a man.''   You see, as Ranking Member McClintock traced some of this history, in  1877, the Ponca people were forced off their land in Niobrara,  Nebraska, forcibly relocated in a harsh march down to Oklahoma--Indian  territory, as it was called at the time.   Chief Standing Bear's little child, his daughter, died along the way.  His son later became ill, perhaps because of the trauma of the journey.  But he promised his son that he would bury him in their native  homeland, and that is what led to this tale.   That really is what led us here today, Chief Standing Bear honoring a  promise to his son. With other members of the Tribe, in the winter of  1878, they started northward back to Nebraska in the harshest of  weather conditions. He was arrested for leaving the reservation. The  predecessor to today's paper in Nebraska, the Omaha World-Herald,  picked up on the story. It became a famous court case that was followed  throughout America.   At the end of the trial, Chief Standing Bear simply raised his hand  and said this:   That hand is not the color of yours, but if I pierce it, I shall feel  pain. If you pierce your hand, you also feel pain. The blood that will  flow from mine will be the same color as yours. I am a man. God made us  both.   With that profound statement, the court was so moved that the judge  ruled, as Ranking Member McClintock said, that Native Americans for the  first time--this was 1879--would be declared persons for purposes under  the law.   It is an amazing, traumatic, difficult, but poignant civil rights  story.   Today, what we are doing is potentially talking about the  establishment  [[Page H1207]]  of the Chief Standing Bear National Historic Trail that would honor  both the courage of this brave individual and his great contribution to  the idea of freedom and civil liberties for all Americans. This bill is  a first important step toward establishing this trail, and I am really  thankful to my colleagues for their support.   