 Madam President, in reserving the right to object, it is  remarkable that we see here a series of unanimous consent requests to  pass legislation without debate and without the opportunity for  amendment and improvement. It is just a few hours after a refusal to  proceed to legislation by which we could have done just that-- legislation that had $500 billion of additional assistance going out to  the American people. Legislation that did address these unemployment  issues--and that has been discussed over the last 45 minutes on the  floor--was objected to so that we couldn't even get on the bill.   Following Nancy Pelosi's ``take it or leave it,'' ``my way or the  highway'' approach, we are now here, seeing our colleagues on the other  side pick up pieces of the legislation that Nancy Pelosi wants to pass  without negotiating and without working through the legislative process  to see if they can drive those through the Senate and object to not  doing them in regular legislative order.   We are ready to engage in major legislation. Yet a couple of hours  after we tried for the second or third time to put it on the floor--and  had that opportunity refused by my colleagues on the other side--we are  accused of not working on these issues, and the ``take it or leave it''  proposals from the House-passed legislation are being thrown on the  floor of the Senate.   Let's talk about the current one--the proposal for rental assistance  and eviction protection for those who need help in housing markets. I  will say now that they need help. As I said the last time this effort  was tried, they need help, and we need to work together instead of just  trying to lob Nancy Pelosi's bill into the Senate when we can't get  agreement to even put a major $500 billion relief package on the floor  for debate and consideration.   Six months ago, this body came together and unanimously passed a  package that provided historic, unprecedented support to the housing  market both for homeowners and renters alike. We gave the majority of  homeowners in this country the option of hitting the pause button on  their mortgage payments. We prohibited foreclosures and evictions  across a wide swath of the marketplace, which was recently expanded by  the CDC to cover an even broader portion of the market, and we have  extended it through the end of 2020. President Trump, through his  Executive orders, has extended this further.   We have appropriated in excess of $12 billion in supplemental funding  to specifically enhance Federal housing programs. We have provided $150  billion in funding to States and local governments through the  coronavirus relief fund, or CRF, a significant portion of which has  been used for rental assistance.   We worked together in a bipartisan way on the CARES Act. I wish we  could work on this next act the way we worked then, but, no, it is take  it or leave it. And we are capable of doing the same in coming days if  we can simply get on the legislation in the Senate.   As I have said before on this floor, I agree that we can and should  do more to help in rental markets, to help those who are most  vulnerable and who are most at risk of eviction, but passing this  bill--take it or leave it--that received no Republican support in the  House, was just jammed through the House on a partisan vote, is not the  way this body ought to do its work.   The same thing goes for any blanket moratorium--that is what is being  proposed right now--that would tie the hands of housing providers  across this country and cause many of them to collapse, damaging the  very industry and the very sector of our economy that we need to  strengthen to deal with these critical issues.   We still have time to reach a bipartisan solution. I believe a  bipartisan solution is possible to help out the renters across our  country, and I have been working to develop one. This is likely  something, if we can get agreement to move on it, that provides  targeted support to renters who have suffered COVID-19-related  reduction in their income or job loss and who were current on their  rent before the outbreak, avoids creating perverse incentives in our  housing market by ensuring that those who are able to pay their rent  continue to do so, and is limited to the length of the crisis and is  delivered through a mechanism--contrary to what is being proposed  here--delivered through a mechanism that is quick, responsible, and  minimizes opportunities for fraud, waste, and abuse.   We can do this if we will stop the ``my way or the highway'' approach  to the House legislation and work together in the Senate to do what we  did with the CARES Act in the first place.  [[Page S6357]]    The argument has been made that we won't even re-up the unemployment  insurance, when the Senator from South Dakota made it very clear the  bill that our colleagues rejected just hours ago on the floor of the  Senate had a 100-percent wage replacement formula--100 percent wage  replacement.   But the notion of trying to quickly advance the provision that we are  talking about by unanimous consent, without the opportunity to properly  debate it, is a concerning precedent and will only cause more long-term  damage in the future.   Accordingly, I object.    Madam President, I know we have yet another UC request  coming, and I want to give time for that to my colleague here in the  Senate.   I, too, appreciate working with the Senator from Ohio, and we worked  in a bipartisan fashion when we put the first CARES Act on the floor,  which, as you said, got a unanimous vote. I am hopeful we can do that  again.   I just want to respond to one thing, and that is it is constantly  being said that Senator McConnell said there is not a sense of urgency.  This was months and months and months ago before our first act had even  had an opportunity to play out.   But the urgency that you have seen from Senator McConnell and others  today is reflective of the refusal or the inability--let me say the  inability of both sides to come together on a deal. And his reaching  out multiple times--most recently a few hours ago today--and I am  hopeful that we will reach out again and give all of our Senate  colleagues the opportunity to simply proceed to get a bill on the floor  that we can work on.   I totally disagree with the argument that what we have been trying to  get--a $500 billion bill--I can't even remember the negative comments  that were made at the time, the type of descriptive comments that were  made about it. It is a very real, significant piece of legislation that  itself can be enhanced. It could be enhanced with this rental  assistance that we are talking about right now.   I believe we need to get some legislation on the floor, stop the  back-and-forth bantering between parties and between Houses in the  Congress, and get serious discussion of serious legislation and move  forward.   I yield the floor.   