 Mr. President, earlier today, the minority leader came  down to the Senate floor and unfortunately once again mischaracterized  both the objectives and motives of Senate Republicans in the pursuit of  the changes we wanted to make with respect to the CARES Act emergency  lending program, and I want to address that. But let me just say  candidly that I understand his frustration. Republicans together set  out four goals for the country with respect to these programs, and we  achieved all four goals. I guess that is a little bit frustrating.   Let me go through just a little bit of recent history on this. Let's  remember that this debate has been going on for several months. The  Democrats' original position was to keep these programs in place. In  fact, many of them wanted to expand them. They certainly wanted to  extend them well past the end of the year. How do we know that? Well,  among other ways, Senator Schumer himself sent a letter to Secretary  Mnuchin and Chairman Powell asking exactly that--that they extend these  programs.   You might wonder, why would they want to extend an emergency lending  facility when we are clearly not in an emergency in terms of the  financial markets? The reason is that a lot of Democrats had other  purposes in mind for these programs, and in my view, those other  purposes would have constituted a terrible misuse of those programs.   One of the goals clearly was to kind of morph the Fed's Municipal  Liquidity Facility into a bailout fund for States  [[Page S7861]]  and municipalities. How do we know that? Well, because the Democrat- controlled House passed a bill that would require that. There is no  mystery here. They passed a bill that specifically would require the  Fed to use the Municipal Liquidity Facility to bail out States and  municipalities under outrageous terms: ultra-low interest rates, ultra- long-term loans, 25 basis point interest rate, 10 years. States  wouldn't even need to attest, as they do under current law, that they  were unable to secure credit elsewhere.   Basically, they wanted to turn the Fed from the lender of last resort  to the lender of first resort. So they were clear about that. There are  many Democratic activists and folks here who are sympathetic with them  who have other purposes as well, such as using the Corporate Credit  Facility as a way to coerce the behavior they want from corporations.  It wasn't about extending credit to companies that need credit; it is  about achieving a social or cultural or political objective by  attaching terms to the loans that would result from that.   Those are the kinds of uses that many on their side had. How do we  know that? Well, among other things, they beat us up almost every day  for not voting on the Heroes Act. I think they intended to vote for it,  so they would have been voting for this very misuse.   So our goal was simple. Our goal as a conference or the consensus of  Republican Senators was to end these programs consistent with the  intent of the law and, in fact, I believe, the letter of the law,  prevent the misuse, and make sure the Fed's legitimate functions are  not impinged upon. How are we going to do this? We are going to do this  with four specific steps, four specific goals that would allow us to  achieve that outcome for the American people.   No. 1, sweep the unused money out of those accounts and repurpose it;  use it for other, better purposes. We have other needs. That is an  important objective. It also makes sure that the money is not available  for misuse, if we are shifting it out of these facilities and putting  it to good use.   Now, again, initially the Democratic position was in opposition to  this, but to their credit, the bipartisan group of eight folks who got  together and really were the catalyst for the bill that we are working  on now--the Republicans persuaded the Democrats to accept this idea  that the money should be swept out, and to the credit of the Democrats  there, they agreed. So that became the basis or one of the bases of  this piece of legislation that we have been working on, and it achieves  Republicans' first goal.   The second goal is to end the programs as the statute intended. As I  say, I believe the statute achieves that, but there is a very  aggressive interpretation to the contrary. We know that Senator Schumer  wanted to extend these programs well beyond the end of the year. We  know it from his letter that he wrote. But, to his credit, he  ultimately relented, and Republicans achieved our second goal.   The third goal that we had was to make sure that these programs  aren't simply resuscitated next year. We all know there is going to be  a new Secretary of the Treasury, and a joint decision by the Treasury  Secretary and the Fed is what governs this program. Now, I don't think  they would have the legal authority to resume this, but many of our  Democratic colleagues openly advocated that despite the fact that  Secretary Mnuchin and Powell had agreed not to extend these programs,  that a new Treasury Secretary should, in fact, resume these programs,  start them up again. We said no, and again, to the credit of our  Democratic colleagues, they relented, and Republicans achieved our  third goal.   The fourth was simply to forbid the creation of a clone that would  circumvent the third; right? If you had to end a particular lending  facility, but you could just create an identical version of it or a  nearly identical version of it and call it something else, why, that  would defeat the purpose of ending the one you ended. So we needed, in  statute, to make it clear that there would be a prohibition against the  creation of a clone or a near clone.   This one, Senator Schumer fought us hard on. I will say he fought us  hard on this. In the course of exchanges, we kept getting documents  that didn't have any reference to this at all, but in the end, he  agreed that we would have this prohibition.   We then went back and forth on the exact language, exactly what would  constitute a clone, as I am using the term, and what wouldn't. We got  to an agreement, and we achieved our fourth goal.   I want to commend my Democratic colleagues for working with us to get  here. It wasn't easy, and I know there is a lot in this that they don't  love about this, but with respect to these really important goals for  the American people, we are making progress.   One of the other things that I just have to address because the  leader brought this up in his comments earlier was a terrible  misrepresentation of what our objective was or why did we think it was  so important to end these programs in the first place.   Our intent was not, as Senator Schumer implied on the floor today, to  sabotage the incoming administration's ability to stabilize the  economy. And that is a direct quote. That was not our intent. So what  was our intent? Well, first, I mentioned earlier we think it is  important that you follow the law, and we believe the law requires that  these be shut down. We understand there was going to be an aggressive  attempt to circumvent that by interpreting the law differently, so we  felt, clarify the statute, make it unambiguous, and we would achieve  that.   The second thing is, of course, it is completely consistent with  congressional intent. Let me say that I was one of the two Republican  Senators in the room when we were negotiating this part of the CARES  Act with our Democratic counterparts, Secretary Mnuchin, our respective  staffs, and attorneys. There was nobody in the room who thought for a  minute that these were meant to be indefinite programs.   Remember where we were. We were absolutely convinced--and I think  rightly--that we were on the verge of a full-blown financial crisis, a  meltdown in the financial markets. If that had happened, it is very  likely we would have had a full-blown depression that could have lasted  a very, very long time. Credit markets were freezing. Companies  couldn't borrow. Do you know what that means when that happens to a  business? They can't make payroll. If they can't access credit, if they  can't borrow, draw down on a bank facility or issue their commercial  paper or issue their corporate bond, if they can't raise the credit  they need, they can't pay their bills. When the credit markets freeze  up and businesses can't pay their bills, including payroll, you have a  full-blown, unmitigated disaster. That is what we wanted to prevent.    The purpose of these facilities was narrow. It was to restore the  normal functioning of the private lending and capital markets of  America. The purpose was never to replace those markets. The purpose  was never to pick winners and losers and decide which companies and  industries should get favorable terms and which should not. It was none  of those things. And it was very much not intended to be some kind of  all-purpose cure-all for whatever economic ills there are. None of  that. The purpose was always to ensure that creditworthy borrowers  could access credit through normal channels.   Well, guess what. It worked. It worked better than we could have  imagined, better than I was even hoping, because within days--within  days--credit markets were flowing again because lenders had the  confidence that, through these facilities, the markets would not  collapse, there would not be a freezing up, they would be able to  function, and therefore they had the confidence to make that loan to  that company that needed to make its payroll and all the other  innumerable transactions that have to take place.   In fact, it worked so well that as of now, I think, total credit has  flown at an alltime record pace in the United States of America.  Corporate bond issuance is off the charts. High credit, lower credit,  debt and equity--the capital markets have been flowing. Credit lines  from banks have been flowing. The programs achieved their limited  purpose extremely well.   Now, look, are there other economic needs in America? Absolutely. I  mean, there are industries that have been devastated--the restaurant  industry, hotels, transportation. We know that,  [[Page S7862]]  and we have legislation that is attempting to address many of those  issues with forgivable loans and an increase in unemployment benefits  and other provisions. It is here on the Senate floor, through  legislation like that, that we should decide how, whether, and to what  extent we are going to address those problems. That is our job--to do  it through an appropriation process here in the Senate. That is not the  job of the Fed.   That brings me to another really important reason why we didn't want  these programs to continue indefinitely, and that is to protect the Fed  from being politicized, to preserve the independence of the Fed, which  is very, very important.   If the Fed ever became simply an extension of one of the political  parties, we would be in a very, very bad place. But think about it. If  these programs were going to continue indefinitely and our Democratic  colleagues got their wish that is represented in the Heroes Act--to  have massive subsidies for municipalities--think about the amount of  political pressure on the Fed to bail out whoever is the preferred  constituent of the day: private or public, municipal or business.   Just think about how it would be used, and think about the strings  that they would--they have advocated this. Many of our Democratic  colleagues have said: This could be a way to encourage unionization or  encourage the composition of the Board to look like we would like it to  look.   It is an endless list, and it is all wildly inappropriate for the  central bank of America to be engaged in this kind of thing. You should  never put the Fed in the position of the incredible political pressure  that they would have been under.   So with this bill--and I hope we are able to vote on this, if not  today then tomorrow. There are some things in this bill--unrelated  things--that I like. I do think we need another round of PPP loans. I  do think we need the expanded eligibility for unemployment benefits,  for instance. Here are things I don't like. I think direct payments to  people who have not suffered a loss of income makes no sense  whatsoever. But this topic I have been discussing--the end of these  13(3) lending facilities is a very important part of the bill that I  like very much.   There are four important objectives we set out, and we achieved them:  sweeping the money out; shutting down existing facilities, the four  existing CARES-funded facilities; forbidding their reopening without  the consent of Congress; and forbidding clones from being an end-run  around that--all without impinging on the Fed's ability to intervene in  the markets in emergency circumstances. Those were our objectives. In  this legislation, we achieve all four of those objectives. I would say  that is a good day's work.   I yield the floor.   