 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairwoman, I thank Chairwoman Lowey and  subcommittee Chairman Price for their leadership and for bringing this  much-needed package to the floor today.   I am pleased to see that this bill includes funding for the long-term  recovery of territories impacted by recent disasters, including  continued support for the electric grid's recovery.   After Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico in 2017, it took an entire year  to restore power to the whole island. Then last month, back-to-back  earthquakes damaged Puerto Rico's main power plants and caused yet  another major blackout.   The people of Puerto Rico--and all Americans, for that matter--cannot  be forced to grapple with blackout after blackout, especially when  climate change has made catastrophic storms all too frequent. As we  think about what is needed to ensure the long-term recovery of these  areas, it is absolutely essential that renewable resources be part of  that conversation.   That is why I have introduced this simple amendment to prioritize  funding for renewable energy projects, like wind and solar power, that  will enhance the long-term resiliency of Puerto Rico's infrastructure.   We have already seen what renewable energy can do in the aftermath of  a disaster. During the blackout that followed Hurricane Maria, Puerto  Rican homeowners, businesses, and hospitals waiting for repair crews  actually installed their own solar panels and batteries to get their  power back faster. Last year, Puerto Rico passed a law setting a  timeline to power the island entirely by renewable energy by 2050. That  is a great step, but it is not nearly enough, and Puerto Rico needs our  Nation's help.   We have to ensure renewables are prioritized for Puerto Rico's  recovery, for the sake of their ability to survive disasters like  Hurricane Maria and for the sake of our planet. Power generation from  fossil fuels is a major source of the greenhouse gas emissions that are  making climate change worse.   We have to make major changes fast. Shifting to renewables is one  change that will help combat climate change and help the American  people cope in the aftermath of major disasters.   Again, I thank Chairwoman Lowey for her work on this bill, and I  yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price), the  subcommittee chairman and my dear colleague.    Madam Chairwoman, I will close by saying that  I really appreciate our ability to take this small step, but I think we  ought to all dream big for this beautiful part of our country.   Puerto Rico has been subject to misfortunes, and we can think about a  different future for Puerto Rico where it moves very quickly not just  to renewable energy but to localized renewable energy, so that each  community has solar, microgrids, and battery storage, so that they  really aren't subject to these disasters in the same way at all.   Madam Chairwoman, I yield back the balance of my time.   