 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 3621,  the Comprehensive CREDIT Act of 2020.   According to my good friend from New Jersey Tom Bracken, who is the  president and CEO of the New Jersey Chamber of Commerce: ``Everyone  needs to be evaluated properly regarding their ability to secure  credit.'' Individuals want to be confident that the due diligence  involved in evaluating their credit worthiness is accurate.   Now, here is the problem that my amendment is trying to solve, a  problem Americans face every single day. There are a handful of credit  bureaus  [[Page H686]]  in the United States that are deciding Americans' fate in a black box  on whether they should get access to credit or not--whether they should  get, or how much they should be paying for a car, a house, a loan to  send their children to college, a rate on a credit card, and how much  they can receive for a small business loan.   Houdini himself couldn't figure out how these scores are calculated.  And here is the rub: Each of these companies comes up with a magic  number, your credit score.   Last week, The New York Times reported that one of the controllers of  that black box is developing a new credit model to decide our financial  fates in, and that this new model may lower the scores for 40 million  Americans.   Yes, this new model--just to say this again--may lower the scores for  40 million Americans who work every single day to keep their credit  scores high. These are hardworking people in our communities who are  going to be penalized after spending years doing everything right. But  they are going to change those scores based on external factors that  have nothing to do with them and how hard they have worked to keep  their credit scores up.   Not only does your score determine your ability to obtain credit at a  fair price, but they are also used by countless sectors, from insurance  companies to landlords and even employers, to decide if you are welcome  or not.   These changes could harm 40 million Americans, again, even though  they have done absolutely nothing wrong. These changes could cost  people thousands of dollars in higher-priced credit, or worse yet,  result in the denial of a job, apartment rental, or ability to buy a  home.   I am focusing on working to expand credit access to the millions of  credit-invisible Americans, consumers who have no credit history.   Now, many of these new creditworthy consumers are going to wake up  and find that the rules they thought they were playing by are changing  because of economic forecasts that they have no control over.   My amendment is simple. It will allow for a level of oversight to  review any potential model changes to ensure that they are not being  done arbitrarily, if the changes decrease the credit scores for  Americans. If it is found that there is no justification for the  changes, the models can be blocked from deployment.   The review is not mandatory, giving flexibility for the market to  work on their own approach to make sure that Americans who work hard  and care about their credit health are not being whacked for doing the  right thing.   This amendment is an important safeguard for consumers who all too  often are left holding the bag when it comes to their credit scores.   I am proud to offer this amendment today that will protect consumers  and make sure that no one's credit scores get docked arbitrarily after  they have played by the rules.   I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. Again,  this is not about being able to price for risk and make sure that we  don't set the right scores and rates. This is about arbitrarily  changing someone's score simply because there is macro outside  externalities that have nothing to do with them or their behavior, and  suddenly, they wake up one day and their credit scores are really  changing their lives and having a significant impact on them.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member for  his leadership. We work together quite often, and I know we disagree on  this one.   The challenge I have here is you have just a couple companies that  control, through this black box, all this information that no one can  figure out how they get your score and how the score is developed. It  is completely arbitrary.   People are working really hard to try to get their scores up so they  can get a loan, so they can get a mortgage, and just to make their  lives better. They work really hard at it. It just doesn't make any  sense to me to have this arbitrary change in the number that no one can  understand. Again, you just have a few people sitting in a room  somewhere making this decision.   The idea would be to make sure there is some sort of review, so that  if a few people just go make this decision without any real  competition--I am a pro-business Democrat--they go off and make this  decision in this room somewhere, it really can affect every aspect of  your life. Suddenly your credit goes down, and now they want to bring  your credit down again, these credit scores down and change the number,  with nothing to do with your own behavior at all. It is just that they  decided this on externalities.   So I agree with the ranking member that we should always make sure  that we are circumspect here and we allow the markets to play out. But  in this case, this isn't the market with competition.   In this case it is arbitrary, and there should be review. In the  review you can have a perfect review and in the end it would be that,  okay, this makes sense. I can see why we need to make these changes. I  understand why we need to do this. And, of course, price for the risk  here, and that makes sense.   But in this case you can't just be someone in the back room making a  decision and then you wake up one day, you have done nothing wrong and  they had a huge impact on how much you are paying for your credit, how  much you are paying to take out a loan, if you own a small business to  take out a loan, or get a lease for a car, things that affect your life  every single day. That is really what we are talking about here.   So I appreciate the ranking member's concerns, but I think in this  case it is very focused. It is to really ensure that you don't have an  oligopoly with all control.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Chairman, it sounds like we are finding a place  of common ground here where we certainly need more competition in this  space, and the fact that the gentleman said big data and other  externalities being brought to bear, I am looking forward to working  with him on that because I think certainly we have got to make this  better.   