 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise to urge defeat of the previous question so that we can  immediately consider my resolution to honor the hard work and  dedication of the men and women who made the precision strike on Qasem  Soleimani possible.   This is an interesting crossroads we find ourselves in. After the  successful response by the United States against the escalating  aggression from the world's most active and deadly terrorist, Qasem  Soleimani, our great country has found itself divided and unsure of  itself.   Instead of unity and resolve in the face of a clear and common enemy,  we have division and self-doubt. What is worse, that division has been  sourced from the leadership in this very body.   While legitimate questions were raised--what authority was used, what  was the reasoning, what sort of intelligence backed this decision-- those questions have long been answered clearly and convincingly.   The President has clear authority, a duty in fact, to respond to  attacks against American citizens and U.S. forces. That isn't my  opinion; that is clear from Article II of the Constitution and the War  Powers Resolution.   The case is made even stronger when you consider this occurred  entirely within Iraq, a place where we already have a lawful military  operational footprint.  [[Page H86]]    The reasoning is quite simple as well: We must make clear that the  U.S. will not be attacked indefinitely, that we will respond, and that  response will make you regret ever having hit us in the first place.   The long history of General Soleimani's actions against the United  States throughout the region, and the killing and maiming of thousands  of America's sons and daughters, and indications of his future actions  make this point even stronger.   As to the intelligence, our CIA, our Director of National  Intelligence, our Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff have repeatedly  told us that this intelligence was some of the best they had ever seen,  and it removed all doubt that Soleimani was planning large scale  imminent attacks.   These questions have been answered over and over and over, and yet my  colleagues pretend not to hear those answers. After all, the mere  thought of agreeing with and supporting our President is repugnant to  them even when it is the right thing to do.   So instead of applauding these actions that restored American  deterrence, delivered justice to hundreds of dead American soldiers and  their families, and severely weakened the terrorist organization IRGC  Quds Force, my colleagues wring their hands and express regret and  disappointment.   Instead of applauding the men and women of our military standing in  harm's way, instead of recognizing the tireless vigilance of our  intelligence community, instead of acknowledging those who have spent  years confronting the Iranian threat network directly, my colleagues in  this Congress seek to undermine them.    I take this personally, since I was one of those servicemembers for  so many years.   This threat is not new to us, though it may be new to those  politicians who have lived comfortably and safely back home, now  casting stones from ivory towers, relying on disingenuous judgments and  false premises to make a false, politically-driven case to the American  people.   So I offer this resolution today in order to right that wrong. I  offer this to demonstrate to the American people and our servicemembers  and members of the intelligence community that this Congress does  indeed stand by the decision to rid the world of America's enemies and  those who seek to do us harm and stands by those who made justice  possible.   This resolution simply states the obvious: that General Soleimani was  head of one of the most sophisticated terrorist organizations in the  world that already committed numerous attacks against the United States  and planned to carry out many more within days.   This resolution rightfully congratulates our men and women who  disrupted this evil chain of attacks, instead of wrongly suggesting to  them that their actions were unauthorized and even immoral.    Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this  resolution and put to rest once and for all the false implication that  America cannot defend herself when necessary.   Madam Speaker, I urge defeat of the previous question.   