 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S4885]]     Madam President, negotiations on the next round of COVID  relief continued yesterday and will continue again today. Speaker  Pelosi and I are making progress with the White House, but we remain  far apart on a large number of issues.   As I mentioned yesterday, the fundamental disagreement between our  two parties is the scope and severity of the problem. This is the  greatest economic crisis America has faced in 75 years and the greatest  health crisis in 100. There must be a relief package commensurate with  the size of this historic challenge. A skinny package--a package that  doesn't solve so many of the problems that America faces--would hurt  the American people, and we cannot have it.   But our Republican friends are wedded ideologically to the idea that  government shouldn't take forceful action; that we should leave the  welfare of the American people to the whims of the private sector. It  just doesn't work like that, especially in a time of national  emergency. The private sector cannot do it.   While we have started to generate some forward momentum, we need our  partners in the White House to go much further on a number of issues,  let alone the Republican Senate, where 20 or so Republicans, by the  majority leader's admission, don't want to do anything.   For example, the administration has finally come around to the view  that we should extend the moratorium on evictions, but they continue to  refuse to provide actual assistance to the renters themselves. What  good does that do? We can prevent Americans from being kicked out of  their apartments for another few months, but if they can't pay the  rent, they will be right back at square one when the moratorium  expires, with even more unpaid bills piled up. Extending the moratorium  on evictions solves only one-half of the problem.   Republicans continue to stonewall support for State, local, and  Tribal governments, which have already shed more than a million public  service jobs this year and will continue to lay off teachers,  firefighters, and more if Congress does nothing.   In the early days of the crisis, State and local governments fought  this disease basically on their own. The Trump administration couldn't  be bothered to coordinate a national response or supply them with the  necessary resources. Now Leader McConnell and others on the Republican  side say our States should just go bankrupt. They put zero into their  proposal for State and local and would like Republican Senators to go  home and tell their Governors, tell their mayors, and tell their county  executives: We want zero for you. That is what our leader is for. Well,  it is not acceptable.   On unemployment insurance, a few Senate Republicans have belatedly  accepted the view we should extend the enhanced benefit of $600 for an  extended period of time, as Democrats have proposed and voted for in  the House. Of course, many Senate Republicans--most Senate  Republicans--still object to that, but at least a few have come around.  At the moment, however, the White House is not there, and we are not  going to strike a deal unless we extend the unemployment benefits,  which have kept nearly 12 million Americans out of poverty.   The same goes for healthcare, testing, and tracing. How is it that  everyone in the White House can get tested, everyone in the NFL can get  tested, but average Americans still cannot access tests easily or get  results back fast enough? More than 7 months into the crisis, this  administration does not have a plan or adequate capacity for testing  and contact tracing. It is a shocking failure on the part of the Trump  administration and the Republican Senators   So Democrats are insisting that we provide enough resources to  finally slow the spread and defeat this disease--the single most  important thing to our recovery. The American people know that the  Trump administration and their Republican adherents in the Senate are  to blame for this huge failure in testing and tracing. They demand we  act and act fully now, not with some half-baked, poorly funded plan  that won't do the job, which is where the administration seems to be at  right now.   Democrats are insisting that every American should be able to vote  this November safely and confidently in-person or by mail. COVID has  affected how we will vote. Many more will vote by mail. There will be a  need for polling places--maybe more of them--and a need to space people  out as they vote. We are not going to stop fighting until State  election systems and the post office, which is part of getting the mail  there on time, get the resources they need.   Elections are a wellspring of our democracy, and the only answer as  to why neither the Republicans in the Senate nor the White House wants  to do anything about it is they fear a free and fair election. That is  inimicable to the core of this Republic.   We are going to keep fighting. There have been alarming reports about  recent failures at the post office, about residents in Michigan and  Pennsylvania not getting their medicines or their paychecks for 3 weeks  or more. The Postal Service is vital--and not just for elections but  every single day.   The new Postmaster, Mr. DeJoy, a big donor to President Trump--which  many believe is his main qualification for being chosen--has enacted  new guidelines in the post office that experts say will cause severe  delays in mail delivery. Then he refused for weeks to even hold a phone  call with Democrats, including myself, about this issue. I called three  times. Mr. DeJoy evidently didn't have the time to call back when I was  so concerned about mail delivery in New York and the rest of the  country. So we have insisted to Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Meadows on meeting  with Mr. DeJoy, which will take place later today.   We need to resolve the problems at the post office--this lack of  funding and the new regulations that get in the way of the timely  delivery of the mail. We must resolve those issues in a way that allows  mail to be delivered on time for the election and for the necessities  that people need.   Each and every one of these issues is critical, and there are many  more. We need answers and movement on all of them, not just on one or  two, but some of our Republican friends seem content to pass a bill-- any bill--so they can check the box and go home. We cannot do that. We  cannot agree to an inadequate bill and then go home while the virus  continues to spread, the economy continues to deteriorate, and the  country gets worse. So we are going to keep slogging through, step by  step, inch by inch, until we achieve the caliber, the extent, the depth  and breadth of the legislation that the American people need, deserve,  and want.   In stark contrast, the Republican leader has decided that he would  rather lob partisan pot shots from the Senate floor each morning rather  than join in productive negotiations. It is difficult to listen to the  Republican leader spin such a malicious fiction about why Congress has  yet to pass another round of relief when he can't even sit in the room  with us and negotiate, when he can't even create a modicum of unity in  his disturbingly divided caucus.   For 3 months, Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans put the Senate  on pause when it came to the coronavirus. As COVID threats spread  throughout the South and West, as States hit daily records for new  cases and hospitalizations, as 50 million Americans filed for  unemployment, the Senate Republican majority merely hummed along as if  it were living in a different universe.   Leader McConnell scheduled confirmation votes on rightwing judges.  The chairman of Judiciary and Homeland Security held hearings on the  President's wild conspiracy theories about the 2016 election and  conducted desperate fishing expeditions, hoping to dig up dirt on the  family of the President's political rivals. When the Republican  majority did put legislation on the floor, it wasn't even remotely  related to COVID.   All through that time, Democrats came to the floor to practically beg  our  [[Page S4886]]  colleagues to consider COVID relief legislation. We asked consent to  pass urgent relief no fewer than 15 times, and every single time,  Republicans blocked our requests.   Once Senate Republicans finally decided to write a bill, it was the  legislative equivalent of a dumpster fire. Republicans bickered among  themselves for over a week and a half before finally giving up. They  didn't even release a coherent bill; just a series of nibbling  proposals, rife with corporate giveaways and K Street carve-outs.  Republicans proposed a tax break for three-martini lunches but no food  assistance for hungry kids; $2 billion to build an FBI building to  boost the value of the Trump hotel but not a dime to help Americans  afford their rent   Then, to top it all off, almost as soon as the Republican plan on  COVID was released, it became clear that even Senate Republicans didn't  support it. President Trump called it ``semi-irrelevant.'' ``Semi- irrelevant'' is what President Trump called the Republican proposals.   Leader McConnell basically gave up and left Democrats and the White  House to negotiate the next bill. So it strains reason for Leader  McConnell to criticize those of us who are actually engaged in  negotiations while he is intentionally staying out of it. His ``Alice  in Wonderland'' rhetoric--flipping everything on its head and accusing  the other side of the sins that Leader McConnell, in fact, is  committing--is extremely counterproductive.   Since Senate Republicans clearly cannot reach a consensus, any  agreement is going to require a lot of Democratic votes. Suffice it to  say, the Republican leader's rhetoric and positions are not helpful in  that regard.   While Republican leadership continues to sit on the sidelines,  Democrats are in the room working hard. That is what the American  people expect of us. They want to see us working to get something done  in this time of extraordinary challenge.   I yield the floor.   