 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.J. Res. 76.   I do agree with my colleagues across the aisle that as Members of  Congress it is our job to ensure accountability over how taxpayer  dollars are spent, and that is a very important aspect of our job here.  And when tax dollars flow to an institution of higher education that  has not lived up to its promises made to students, then defrauded  individuals do deserve a transparent process to seek relief and have  their student loans discharged.   Under Secretary DeVos' leadership, the U.S. Department of Education's  new borrower defense rule replaces a flawed process with one that is  fair for taxpayers and is fair for students. The new rule establishes a  defined standard for borrower defense to repayment, clearing up years  of confusion that has left students in financial hardship and schools  exposed to increased risk of closure despite no intentional  misrepresentation.   The Trump administration's rule also strengthens opportunities for  relief for students who were misled by a school by expanding the window  of time that students have to discharge their loans. But most  importantly, this process, which was developed over many months and  with stakeholder engagement through every step of the way, strengthened  accountability on all institutions of higher education by ensuring that  each and every school is held to the same standard, not just the  taxpaying for-profit institutions.   Despite all of these commonsense measures, today's CRA seeks to move  us backwards simply to undermine the Trump administration while  preventing students from making educational choices that best meet  their needs.   H.J. Res. 76 will repeal the Trump administration's rule to reinstate  the flawed, confusing standards that were implemented in 2016. That  rule, the Obama-era borrower defense rule, ignored due process, lowered  the standard of proof, and left taxpayers on the hook for forgiving  student loans to the tune of $42 billion regardless of an individual  claim's merit.   The Trump administration's thorough methodology for borrower defense  claims ensures any and every student will have a pathway to have their  student loans discharged if they have been defrauded while protecting  taxpayer dollars from massive loan forgiveness schemes. In fact, this  new rule is estimated to save taxpayers $11 billion.   It is critical that we leave this rule in place to protect students  and taxpayers alike. I urge my colleagues to place commonsense policy  above politics and oppose this misguided CRA that ultimately will harm  all Americans.   