 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the Democrats talked about a slight delay in mail  delivery the last several weeks. Well, of course. Would you want to  deliver mail in Portland today, cities that have been under siege for  90-some days? I bet there are delays in Portland, Seattle, Minneapolis,  Chicago, and New York. I bet that is where the delays are.   In fact, how do you deliver mail to a CHOP zone, to a CHAZ zone? How  do you do that? They won't let them in. I mean, come on. We know the  facts here. The facts are the post office has more money today than  they had this time last year.   They got a $14 billion cash reserve. They got a $10 billion line of  credit we gave them in the CARES Act. And oh, the Postmaster General is  moving some sorting machines and removing some mail collection boxes,  the same thing every Postmaster General has always done. In fact,  between 2011 and 2016, the Obama-Biden administration removed 12,000  mail collection boxes. Oh, my goodness. And it is happening again.   We are moving some boxes, and somehow, that is a reason to give $25  billion to the Postal Service and create all this ``conspiracy  theory''--not my words; The Wall Street Journal called it--that the  Democrats are doing.   What is really going on here? If you really wanted to focus on some  concerns the post office has, we have a bipartisan bill that the late  Chairman Cummings and Mark Meadows worked on. Mark Meadows, I don't  even think the Democrats--I know the chairwoman hasn't even talked to  him about this, the expert on this issue on our side. Oh, by the way,  he happens to have a pretty important job in this town, a pretty  important job, and you guys didn't even talk to him.   They had a bipartisan bill. If you really want to work on bipartisan  concerns and solutions to some problems in the post office, that is  fine, but that is not what this is about. This is all about politics.   You don't want to address real issues, too busy defunding the police,  too busy not denouncing the mob that is running so many of our cities.  This is all about politics.   First, it was the Russian collusion. In this committee, it was the  Michael Cohen hearing. I remember that, when he came, the first big  hearing of this Congress. The first-announced witness of this committee  came and lied to us seven times. Then, it was the Mueller report. Then,  it was the Ukraine fake impeachment. And now, it is the White House is  putting mailboxes in cages and whatever you are saying now.   Mr. Speaker, the American people see this for what it is. They see  this for what it is. If you want real solutions, we could have had  them. You could have worked with Chief of Staff Meadows. You didn't  want to do that. You wanted politics.   This was said earlier: If anyone should know, it should be the  chairwoman of this committee who had to wait 6 weeks after election day  to get the results of her election.   Imagine what the Democrats want to do is throw live ballots out there  to everyone. That was just one congressional primary election. Imagine  what they want to do--150 million live ballots. That is what the  Democrats want. Imagine what that is going to be like. That is where  these guys want to go.   Mr. Speaker, we should be working on real solutions instead of this  charade that the Democrats are putting us through.   