 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I rise in support of this package, which contains four amendments I  introduced.   My first amendment supports the family-owned dairy farms, backbones  of the rural economy in northwestern New Jersey, which are facing major  challenges from the pandemic.   Dairy farmers have suffered more than $5.7 billion in losses from the  crisis, and my amendment calls for support for the dairy farmers.   My second amendment provides more resources for the inspector general  of the VA to investigate and ensure proper compliance of the State-run  veterans homes, like the disaster-stricken State-run New Jersey  veterans home in Paramus, where 81 residents and one staff member  tragically died from the coronavirus outbreak. My amendment will make  much stronger Federal oversight of these facilities possible, which we  need to protect our veterans.   My third boosts investment for medical care at non-VA facilities to  continue our fight for greater access to healthcare for veterans in  north Jersey.   And my fourth would increase investment for the United States  Holocaust Memorial Museum's outreach services.    Mr. Speaker, my fourth amendment would increase  investment for the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's outreach  services so more Americans can learn about the history of the  Holocaust, anti-Semitism, and other forms of hatred, bigotry, and  intolerance.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this bipartisan en bloc set of  amendments.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and  for her incredible leadership.   I rise in support of this package, which contains two amendments I  have introduced.   My first amendment addresses the harmful algal blooms impacting many  north Jersey lakes and harming our ecotourism, local businesses, and  residents. We need the U.S. Geological Survey to report to Congress on  ways to combat toxic HABs like those in Greenwood Lake and Lake  Hopatcong.   My second amendment prohibits any funds in the bill being used to  promote the sale of vaping and dangerous e-cigarette products, which  can harm our children. We must do everything we can to help save lives  and protect families by combating the youth vaping epidemic.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this set of amendments.   