 Mr. President, before she leaves, another good idea from  Senator Stabenow--pass the Equality Act today. Too logical, I guess,  but it is another good idea, and I thank my colleague for it.   I also want to commend my partner from Oregon, Senator Merkley, who  has been leading this fight for years now. Wisconsin often partners  with Oregon, going all the way back to our shared ownership of Wayne  Morris. I just want to thank my colleagues for the great work they have  been doing and just take a couple of minutes to talk about my pride in  standing with them to fight for the passage of the Equality Act.   We have come together during the middle of Pride Month. In 2020, with  the pandemic continuing to spread, Pride Month looks a little different  than it has in the past--no parades, smaller celebrations--but it still  has been a historic month when it comes to LGBTQ rights, perhaps more  so than any other since marriage equality became the law of the land in  June 2015.   A few days ago, the Supreme Court ruled that the Civil Rights Act of  1964 protects LGBTQ Americans against discrimination in the workplace.  The majority said an employer who fires an individual merely for being  gay or transgender defies the law.   Now, this ruling was a little bit of a surprise. I mean, it was  absolutely correct in that it recognized that the law offered equal  protection for LGBTQ Americans--a fact that should never have been in  doubt.   I also want to say on the floor today we are going to have to  continue to be on guard that this administration's judges will use the  approach underpinning this ruling as cover to strip equal protection  from other people in future rulings.   When you get the wrong approach resulting in the correct ruling, we  have to be vigilant--vigilant, vigilant, and more vigilant in fighting  for the correct results again and again and again.   The ruling came just a few days after the Trump administration tried  to take America in exactly a different direction, announcing that it  was green-lighting healthcare discrimination against transgender  Americans--an ugly, shameful action to take. How cruel that the  administration actually said: We are going to announce this during  Pride Month. We are actually going to use Pride Month to be cruel.   It was a reminder to a lot of people that the fight for LGBTQ rights  didn't end with the victory on marriage equality. For every landmark  ruling that moves the cause forward, there is somebody like Donald  Trump, who is always looking to see if they can drag the Nation back to  the days when discrimination was business as usual.   Until Monday's ruling, employers in more than half the States were  allowed to fire employees for their sexual orientation or their gender  identity. That was in more than half the States, but that injustice is  now a thing of the past.   We can't count on this week's Supreme Court ruling against workplace  discrimination to bring on the end of discrimination in other parts of  life in our country. The Senate can't wait for any other court cases to  move forward before we take real action on this floor. That is why my  colleagues and I are here today. We want to call for the immediate  passage of the Equality Act. If discrimination against LGBTQ Americans  is illegal in the workplace, then it is illegal in housing; it is  illegal in education; it is illegal in public services and more. That  is what the Equality Act is all about. It is about recognizing the  dignity and the humanity of LGBTQ Americans, and, most importantly,  enshrining it into the law. It is the next step that will move the  cause forward, and there is bipartisan legislation that reflects the  will of an overwhelming majority of the American people. The Senate  ought to come together and pass it now.   Justice Kennedy wrote--and I will close with this because it sums up  what is in my heart today, ``The Constitution promises liberty to all  within its reach.''   There is much to be done on delivering on that promise outlined by  Justice Kennedy. So we are going to be back here on the floor of the  Senate, fighting for the passage of the Equality Act. Senator Stabenow  was spot on. We ought to have done it today, and we are just going to  be back here again and again and again in the weeks and months ahead  until we have that promise of equality in every corner of the land.   I yield the floor.   