 Mr. Speaker, those of us on the Armed Services  Committee are privileged to work around, with, and for the men and  women who serve in the military. Every one of them is a volunteer.  Every one of them expects reasonable precautions with their health and  safety and well-being. But every one of them knows that in carrying out  their duties, there is some risk that goes with it, and they carry out  their duties admirably.   What a contrast to what we are seeing with this resolution. I think  one of the proudest times I have had in this House over the last 25  years has been on 9/11 and the days thereafter. That very evening,  Members gathered on the steps of the Capitol, and in the days  thereafter we went right back to work and passed the legislation that  was needed to deal with the terrorist threat.   We were not even intimidated when many of our offices were attacked  by anthrax in the days thereafter. It was not just about showing  resolution to the terrorists; it was about showing the  [[Page H2023]]  country that we can come together and get our work done. What a  contrast to what we are seeing with this resolution.   Through the Civil War, 1918 flu, World War II, 9/11, throughout our  history, there has never been proxy voting on this floor. Members  accepted the risk and carried out their duties to the best of their  ability. It was not about technology; it was about trust and integrity.   Were our predecessors so much braver than we are? Were they more  ignorant about the risk or more careless with their own safety? Was  their sense of their responsibility to the American people greater than  ours? None of this makes sense.   But what makes the least sense of all, Mr. Speaker, is that any  Member of either party would support a resolution that allows any of us  to vacate, even temporarily, the trust placed in us by voters and  undermine the very foundation of this representative democracy.   Our history is better than that. The voters deserve better than that.  To me, Mr. Speaker, it is sad, rather despicable, and one of the  darkest days in this institution.   