 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, first, I would like to commend my  colleague, the Senator from Maine, for her absolute, unquestioned  leadership in this issue of paycheck protection. She knows, in Maine,  as I do in Wyoming, the importance of small businesses to our  communities, to our Main Streets, to the vitality of our economies, and  she has led the fight from the beginning of coronavirus to make sure  our businesses would remain viable; that they would have opportunities  to keep people on the payroll; that they can continue to contribute to  their communities.   She was the one who brought up this idea in the first place,  shepherded it all the way through Congress as part of the CARES Act,  and continues in that leadership role today.   I come here today on the floor to first commend my colleague from  Maine and also to talk about the ongoing fight against coronavirus and  the plan forward, guided by data and doctors, to put the disease behind  us and let all of these small businesses that the Senator from Maine  has been working to allow to continue to strive and to thrive.   Those in the fight against the virus--and I talk to you as a doctor  now--continue to hold our respect and our admiration. They are doing  remarkable work in community hospitals and clinics all around the  country. And across the country, as a result of the PPP program, our  Main Streets are getting a little busier; our economy is gaining  strength; kids are going back to school; and even some football is  being played.  [[Page S6311]]    Most importantly, we are learning more about this disease and how we  can successfully treat COVID-19. What doctors and clinicians and  researchers and scientists have been able to accomplish in such a  relatively short period of time is nothing short of remarkable. These  men and women are fighting a battle every day in the labs and the  hospitals around the world; they are racing against time; and they are  saving lives. They are our heroes today at work all across our Nation.   An effective vaccine will allow everyone to get back to work and to  school. It will also be the protection our most vulnerable Americans  desperately need: our seniors, patients with preexisting conditions,  anyone confined to a nursing home.   Congress has already directed $10 billion for vaccine development. I,  for one, and other Members of the Republican conference believe that we  should be doing more. A month ago, the Senate tried to begin debate on  our plan to finish the fight against coronavirus. The bill we brought  to the floor of the Senate would get people back to work safely, would  get kids back to school safely, and would put the disease behind us.  Instead, Democrats, on this very floor--on this very floor--blocked the  focused, targeted bill.   Now, this week, Democrats once again are blocking another vote on  relief for coronavirus--relief that is needed all around the country;  relief that I hear about in Wyoming and, Madam President, you do in  West Virginia; relief that our constituents talked to us about as we  travel our States.   So why are the Democrats blocking this legislation? Well, it must be  something significant to make them block giving aid to the American  people when the people need it most urgently. Well, maybe this is why:  Maybe the Republican bill doesn't include millions of dollars in tax  breaks for rich people in New York and California. The Democratic  House-passed bill includes those things. Now, the Republican bill  doesn't give taxpayer money to people who are in the country illegally,  but the Democratic House-passed bill does do that.   The Republican bill doesn't bail out States that were mismanaged way  before anyone had ever heard of the coronavirus. Well, the Democratic  House-passed bill does that as well.   The Republican bill doesn't include money for marijuana banking, but  the House-passed bill does all of these things.   It is hard to believe these are the reasons the Democrats are  preventing coronavirus relief from reaching the President's desk, but  just look at the differences in the priorities.   The Democrats are refusing money for Americans until Congress funds  their laundry list of unrelated liberal items for their favored liberal  special interest groups. Now, I hope the real reason this coronavirus  relief bill is being blocked isn't because of an upcoming election. I  mean, I sincerely hope that Americans aren't being used to score  political points or to damage political opponents. Surely, that can't  be the reason. It would be unthinkable.   The Speaker and Senator Schumer need to set aside all of their  political demands and focus on the people in need. They need to set  aside the wasteful spending that is unrelated to this battle in order  to save lives and set aside their opposition to more money for a  lifesaving vaccine. Now is the time to make an agreement that would  actually benefit Americans today. There is an urgency. We need to act,  and we should act now.   To paraphrase Winston Churchill, this virus can do its worst, but we  will do our best.   We are doing our best. We are doing our best to get through this  together, to get a safe and effective vaccine, and to get our economy  and lives back on track. It is time to pass targeted relief. This is  the path forward for America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   