 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership  on this important piece of legislation and I rise in support of it.   I can tell you, there are a number of comments that are often made  about Texas. We see that we have got Mr. McCaul; we have got Mr.  Cuellar; we have got others behind me from Texas, and one of those  sayings is that everything is bigger in Texas.   But the more appropriate line here is, don't mess with Texas. And  this legislation is all about making sure that our national security is  put first and foremost at the highest priority to make sure that we are  competing internationally, right now.   Right now, our Chinese counterparts at Huawei are deploying this kind  of technology in countries that we would normally associate as our  allies. So Mr. McCaul is right in not only leading on this piece of  legislation, but to stress the importance of competing now.   Now, in part of my district we are looking for 1G, not 5G. We are  just hoping for some kind of cellular service. But I can tell you, the  country who builds it first will win on the national security level.  They will win because consumers are looking for that next generation of  technology as we become more dependent and reliant on our cell phones.   Additionally, we have reports that would suggest that some of the  people working for Huawei right now actually work for the Chinese  Government as well; that it is not an independent company. In fact, not  only are they working for the Chinese Government, but they are also  working in cyber for the Chinese Government. And we somehow think that  this is going to work out well for the United States of America?   It is time that we act. It is time that we come together. I want to  applaud the gentlewoman opposite for her willingness to work, for  Chairman Engel, and Mr. Cuellar, to come together in a bipartisan  manner.   We need to act. Time is slipping away. And if we don't act, there  will be great repercussions, not only for consumers, but for our  national security interest.   I proudly urge support of this bill, and I thank the gentleman for  his leadership.   