 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my  amendment which will provide an additional five million dollars in  support of pancreatic cancer research, including early detection, at  the Department of Defense (DoD). Considering Rep. Lewis' recent passing  from pancreatic cancer, and Rep. Hastings' current fight against this  disease, I am grateful that my colleagues came together today to pass  this amendment--included in En Bloc No. 2--by unanimous voice vote.  This is a fitting tribute today, when our colleague, John Robert Lewis,  is laid to rest in Atlanta.   This amendment builds on the incredible work done by the Defense  Subcommittee on this issue. The Defense Subcommittee has already  appropriated $10 million for pancreatic research at the Department of  Defense (DoD), which is an increase of four million dollars from the  previous year. I am thankful to the Defense Subcommittee, especially  Chairman Visclosky, for their leadership on this issue.   By passing my amendment, the House will increase appropriations for  pancreatic cancer research at DoD from $10 million to $15. I am  grateful that my colleague, Rep. Anna Eshoo of California, has  cosponsored my amendment--she is a great leader on behalf of pancreatic  cancer research and the Chairwoman of the Health Subcommittee in the  Energy and Commerce Committee. I am also thankful for the support of  the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network, whose support and advocacy for  this amendment has been critical in our efforts.   Today's amendment also builds on my previous amendment to the  National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which the House passed last  week, that authorized $5 million for a pancreatic cancer early  detection initiative at the Department of Defense (DoD). My amendment  also complements report language in the Defense appropriations bill,  which states that ``early detection of pancreatic cancer requires  additional research'' and encourages the director of the  Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program (CDMRP) at DoD to  ``expand early detection research for pancreatic cancer'' to include  pre-diabetic and diabetic individuals, ``as well as those in  underserved ethnic and minority communities.''   Just a few weeks ago, this issue hit painfully close to home as  America lost a giant to pancreatic cancer. Rep. John Lewis, our civil  rights hero and Conscience of the Congress, passed away from pancreatic  cancer only seven months after receiving his diagnosis. My amendment is  inspired by Rep. Lewis' courageous battle against pancreatic cancer and  also by Rep. Alcee Hastings' ongoing fight. It is unacceptable that,  despite being the third leading cause of cancer-related deaths in our  country, pancreatic cancer still does not have a dedicated early  detection initiative.   Rep. Lewis' short battle against pancreatic cancer is, sadly, often  the norm for patients. In fact, the lack of research in ways to detect  pancreatic cancer early has led to devastating consequences: sixty-six  percent of patients live less than one year following their diagnosis.  If diagnosed early, the five-year survival rate for pancreatic cancer  patients is above eighty percent. However, if pancreatic cancer is  detected late, the five-year survival rate drops to less than five  percent. By failing to support our nation's researchers with the means  to find new ways to detect pancreatic cancer early, we are leaving  American's pancreatic cancer patients with few ways to detect this  disease in time to extend the quality and duration of their lives. Rep.  Lewis' struggle against this horrifying disease should serve as a  sobering reminder of the human cost of failing to support early  detection research for pancreatic cancer.   It's important to note that persistent health care inequities and  disparities for communities of color compound the devastation of  pancreatic cancer. In fact, the incidence rate for pancreatic cancer  among Black Americans is twenty percent higher than that of any other  racial demographic. This disease is deadlier for us; the pancreatic  cancer death rate is seventeen percent higher for Black men than for  white men. Significant evidence demonstrates that these  disproportionate levels of pancreatic cancer are, in large part, rooted  in disparities in health care and access to tests and diagnostics. As a  result, the lack of pancreatic cancer early detection research  accelerates  [[Page H4135]]  the racial unfairness in our health care system, with devastating  consequences for minorities.   At a time when our country is having a national conversation about  the deep disparities in access to health care for Black and Brown  people during a global pandemic, Congress must do everything within our  power to improve health outcomes through research and treatment.  Passing this amendment is a critical way to increase our investment in  pancreatic cancer research, including early detection, and to help  address the pancreatic cancer disparities for communities of color.   I thank my colleagues for including my amendment in En Bloc No. 2 and  for passing this amendment today by voice vote. I urge my colleagues to  support final passage of H.R. 7617 as amended.   