 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for his  leadership on this and my colleagues who have been working together on  this important effort.   Madam Speaker, things like government efficiency, accountability, and  reform are things you would think we would all be able to get behind. I  am certainly of the belief that the American people who are watching-- even if it is just a handful in their living rooms--are a lot more than  are watching here in the Chamber.   I am also interested, when you look at the C-SPAN cameras, if you pan  back, nobody is here to talk about what I am about to talk about. Yet  we saw last week a Senate Chamber with 100 Senators sitting there  debating what?   They were debating failed Articles of Impeachment.   Here we are trying to figure out how to make our government  accountable, make it efficient, and make it effective. Reclaiming power  from elected bureaucrats, reforming government practices to curb  inefficiency and waste, and reemphasizing and rewarding innovation is  something I think all Americans could get behind.    But I would like to talk about something that I think is critically  important, which is restoring Article I and restoring the primacy of  this body and the Senate in governing our Nation.   We shouldn't be looking to the executive branch, no matter who is in  power, to be making decisions that should be reserved to the Members of  this body and the Senate.   Congress ceded some of our power in 1976 with the passage of the  National Emergencies Act, which pulled together a number of different  powers contained in the 130 different statutes at the time giving the  President unilateral authority to declare emergencies.   Madam Speaker, there are currently 33 emergencies in effect, some of  them dating back to the Carter administration. Now, think about that.  It is an emergency. It is an emergency, and it dates back to the Carter  administration. This is no way to govern.   I learned this how?   Well, last spring when we were having a robust debate about securing  the border of the United States--by the way, a sovereign nation should  not need to have a debate about ensuring that our border is secure when  you have 900,000 individuals being apprehended on our southern border  last fiscal year alone, 900,000--600,000 of whom were caught and  released into our country. The President of the United States is  working to secure our border, to put up physical barriers, to build a  wall, and to build a fence which is desperately needed. And it is  working where it is being implemented.   The President is right to do so. He is right that there is an  emergency at our southern border, and he is right that the Members of  this body led by Democrats refuse to acknowledge the crisis at our  southern border. He was right to defend our southern border.   But the question that popped into my head is: All right, we have an  emergency. Now what?   This body, Article I, should do its job. It is incumbent upon  Congress to act. We shouldn't allow an emergency to be declared and  then operate our policies under it, even if I agree with the policy,  and I do. I do agree with the policy of what the President is doing.   So I implore my Democrat colleagues, who are not in the Chamber, to  come have a debate about restoring Article I and about all of the  different issues that may occur.   I introduced H.R. 1755 which is the companion legislation to that  which was offered by my friend, Senator Mike Lee of Utah, in the U.S.  Senate, and that bill would take a President's emergency declaration  and terminate it after 30 days unless Congress affirmatively authorizes  an extension. The bill would also terminate the emergency declaration  after 1 year unless a new resolution of approval is enacted. It  requires the President to report to Congress on how the President is  exercising emergency powers.   Senator Lee's bill has been passed out of committee, but we have had  nary a debate here in the body about restoring Article I. We have had a  lot of speeches and a lot of complaints about the President of the  United States and a lot of complaints about what is happening at our  border, but not one serious debate about restoring Article I.   Let's do it. Let's come together right now and let's stand up as a  body in Congress and say: Do you know what? If there is an emergency,  great, Mr. President, go act in the emergency; but 30 days later we can  agree it is time for Congress to decide how money is going to be  appropriated and how we are going to enforce and implement the laws  that we think are important for this body.   This is critical to government reform. This is critical to making  sure we are making government more efficient and more accountable. This  body is the body, this House is the people's House and most responsive  to the American people.   I would beg, literally, my Democratic colleagues to engage in debate,  as we sit here in an empty Chamber, about the kinds of things that I  know the American people would love for us to debate.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for yielding to me  and for organizing this activity.   