 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2472, the Neil A.  Armstrong Test Facility Act. This legislation would simply rename the  NASA Plum Brook Station testing facility in Sandusky, Ohio, after Neil  Armstrong.   I want to first thank the esteemed Senator Portman from the great  State of Ohio for his work on this legislation and his many years of  service to our State.   Additionally, I want to thank my colleague from across the aisle, and  another fellow Ohioan, Congresswoman Kaptur, for her efforts on this as  well. Ms. Kaptur is a tremendous leader within our State. While we may  be on opposite sides of the aisle, we have always found ways to work  together on behalf of northern Ohio.   On July 20, 1969, the world watched in wonder as Neil Armstrong  became the first man to ever set foot on the Moon. Born in Wapakoneta,  Ohio, Armstrong was the embodiment of a dedicated American. Serving as  a naval aviator during the Korean war and participating in various test  pilot programs, he was never one to shy away from a challenge. His  courage was reflective of not only himself, but also that of the United  States as we raced to beat Soviet Russia to the Moon. It is why, today,  we move to honor Armstrong's legacy by renaming the Plum Brook Station  at NASA's John Glenn Research Center to the Neil A. Armstrong Test  Facility.   A staple of northern Ohio and a continuing symbol of American  ingenuity, Plum Brook is home to an array of projects for supporting  our country's endeavors into the unknown. Ranging from the world's most  powerful space environment simulators to full-scale testing for launch  vehicles, Plum Brook is critical to NASA's mission. Renaming Plum Brook  after one of our State's greatest heroes is a fitting way to  memorialize Neil Armstrong's legacy within the State of Ohio and to  inspire the next generation of leaders in our quest to explore the  universe.   This legislation has already passed the United States Senate via  unanimous consent and has the full support of the entire Ohio  congressional delegation.   I thank Senators Portman and Brown on this bill. I also thank  Chairwoman Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas for their help in bringing  this bill to the floor today so that it can reach the President's desk.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman  from Ohio (Mr. Balderson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Neil Armstrong's heroism not only inspired a generation during the  Apollo era, but also continues to inspire generations today as we look  forward to the Artemis program.   As America looks to send the first woman and next man back to the  Moon, and as we look to Mars and beyond, renaming Plum Brook Station  would be a great gesture of thanks for Armstrong's service to the  Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   