 Madam Speaker, I rise today to thank my good friend,  roommate, and colleague, Congressman   John Shimkus, for his 24 years  of dedicated service in the United States House of Representatives.   John began his life of commitment to our country when he enrolled at  the prestigious West Point Academy. Following graduation from West  Point, John served 5 years in the Army and then entered the Army  Reserves.    Much like his time in the military, John's service in Congress has  been defined by his steadfast approach to leadership and integrity.   When I was elected to Congress almost 2 years ago, I was grateful to  have John, not only as my guide but also as a roommate and friend. It  has been a great privilege to live in the legendary Shimkus townhouse,  where there were only two requirements: that I had to pay the rent on  time and that I had to make sure the freezer was stocked with Dairy  Queen Dilly Bars.   I will always be thankful for the many late-night conversations after  a hard day's work, where he and I had the chance to discuss not only  policy and legislation but also about our lives and families.   Serving in Congress often means spending a lot of time away from  family and loved ones, so I want to thank John's wife, Karen, and his  three sons, David, Joshua, and Daniel, for allowing their father, John,  to serve for 24 long years. I know they will be happy to have him  closer to home, and our loss is their gain.   Madam Speaker, this entire body will miss John, and I am sure his  constituency is thankful for his years of service. I know I am.   That is the conclusion of my official remarks, but I want to talk off  the cuff for a couple of minutes.   I just want to thank you for your faithful leadership, your Bible  verses that you give to me every day, and the roommates. That means a  lot to me.   I want to thank you for mentoring me these past couple of years. I  couldn't have had a better mentor.   Congressman Shimkus, you are a leader that we all look up to. Thank  you.   