 Mr. Speaker, if I would have come before this House in 2005  and said to my colleagues, ``I have a policy proposal. It will create  hundreds of thousands of jobs in parts of the country that have lost  them. It will help free us from wars in the Middle East. It will save  middle-class families hundreds if not thousands of dollars a year on  their energy bills. And the best part is, it will allow us to reduce  carbon emissions for the first time in the history of the United  States,'' that would sound like a Democratic policy--more jobs, less  war, lower bills, less carbon.   That policy was the shale revolution, and it was, in truth, a  partnership between government research and entrepreneurs in  Pennsylvania and Texas and other places that figured out new techniques  to get natural gas out of the ground.   Some have opposed the continuation of natural gas drilling simply  because it is a fossil fuel, and I ask them: Who gets credit for the  reduced carbon emissions over the last 15 years? Natural gas has made a  bigger difference than anything. But we still have a duty to continue  trying to improve that process.   A lot of people don't realize that the National Energy Technology  Laboratory, NETL, that exists in western Pennsylvania, has never given  up on trying to clean up these processes. They have made great gains,  particularly in the area of produced water and taking the water that is  used to get the gas out of the ground and removing the contaminants so  that the water can be recycled and used over and over again. We have  already seen that in the short life of shale drilling in western  Pennsylvania. The NETL has improved recycling of water immensely.   My amendment would give additional money to the Secretary of Energy  to double down on this research and, most importantly, establish a  demonstration project for the first time ever to better recycle and  dispose of this water right onsite, eliminating the loud and noisy  trucks that drive through people's neighborhoods and the risk of  contaminating our water table.   This has been a tremendous technology for western Pennsylvania and  the United States, and we can continue making it better.   