 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I had the privilege to speak on the  nomination of Amy Coney Barrett a couple of days ago, for her  qualifications and the uniqueness she will bring to the Court, which  will serve our country well. Today, I would like to speak on a  different topic.   October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and I rise to pay respect  to those who have lost their lives, to those who currently have  disease, and to those who work so hard to save these patients.   A little personal--my wife, Dr. Laura Cassidy, is a retired breast  cancer surgeon, so it is an issue which has always been very near to  our house.   This year, it is estimated there will be almost 280,000 new cases of  invasive breast cancer among women and about 2,600 among men--often not  realized that men are affected as well. About 49,000 women are  estimated to contract ductal carcinoma in situ, or so-called DCIS.  About 43,000 Americans every year will die from breast cancer.   Breast cancer, of course, is hardest on the patient, but the  diagnosis has a ripple effect through the family. I mentioned that my  wife Laura is a retired breast cancer surgeon, and she would tell me  that when she would deliver the diagnosis to a patient, she would look  at the woman and say: ``You have breast cancer.'' The patient would be  stoic, and her husband would cry. It points to the fact that while  cancer is a terrible diagnosis for anyone, when that ``anyone'' happens  to be the center of a family, it radiates out from her diagnosis to  touch everybody in her immediate family, in the generation above, and  perhaps the generation below.   We have been inspired to make gains against cancer in general but  against breast cancer in particular for the centrality that women play  in our society and, of course, the deadliness of breast cancer.   So it takes courage to address the disease if you have a diagnosis,  and resiliency and determination just seem to develop in those who are  so diagnosed.   The support of family and friends means a lot more to the patient  than the family will ever know, so I encourage those who know somebody  with breast cancer in particular that I am speaking of but any form of  cancer to reach out. Simply being there could make a tremendous  difference in the fight to survive.   Let me say, there is always hope. In addition to early detection,  there are steps that people can take to reduce their risk of  contracting breast cancer. Age is the primary risk--no, the primary  risk factor, my wife used to say when speaking to a crowd, the primary  risk factor for breast cancer is being a woman, to emphasize that all  women have a risk for breast cancer. So don't just say that because I  am not this or that, I am not at risk. Recognize that all women have a  risk   Age would be the next risk factor, being that the older you are the  more likely that you can develop it. Women who have children after age  35 may be at higher risk. The more children a woman gives birth to may  lower risk. But, again, the primary risk of breast cancer is being a  woman. So every woman should take the disease seriously and take steps  to reduce her risk for developing breast cancer, increasing the chances  that it is detected if she does develop it, and increasing the chance  for a successful treatment if it does develop.   There are steps you can take to reduce the risk. Regular exercise can  reduce the risk by as much as 20 percent. Breast feeding lowers the  risk of breast cancer. Eating fruits and vegetables, especially  carotenoids, which are in carrots, as you might guess from  ``carotenoids,'' avoiding obesity, moderation in drinking alcohol--all  can reduce risk, and all should be practiced.   Although a cancer diagnosis can be shocking, again, you can do things  to detect it at an earlier stage and improve the chance of a successful  outcome. The American Cancer Society advises women 40 to 44 to consult  with their doctor for regular clinical exams and on guidance as to when  it is best to have a mammogram. Women who are 45 to 54 should have an  annual mammogram, and those older than 54 and in good health should  have a mammogram every 2 years. But, again, check with your doctor. All  of these need to be customized for the patient.   Patients should also do self-exams for warning signs. This could be a  change in the look or feel of the breast or possible discharge from the  nipple. The presence of a lump, swelling, discoloration, and changes in  size and shape are common signs. If these are present, she should  consult with her healthcare provider.   If someone doesn't know how to do a breast self-exam, look on the  internet. There are all kinds of resources that can help somebody know  if they are just not sure how to do it.   Lastly, the treatments for breast cancer continue to improve. The  surgical radiation therapy and medical therapies are improving every  year. A diagnosis of breast cancer is not a death sentence; it is the  beginning of a treatment regimen which can cure.   Now, by the way, let me diverge just a second from October being  Breast Cancer Awareness Month to the contemporary thing we are speaking  of.   My Democratic colleagues on the floor have been imagining how a  Justice Amy Coney Barrett would rule on various topics--frankly, saying  things that are designed to cause fear, and they are doing it for  political gain. But I think everybody on this side of the aisle--all  Republicans have a commitment to make sure that all Americans have  healthcare and that they have coverage for preexisting conditions.   I am a doctor who worked in the public hospital system for many  years, but some stories particularly stand out. This is a patient of my  wife's, and she was probably about 45 and had three children. Her  husband had died or they divorced--I forget which. They lived in  [[Page S6558]]  a very nice neighborhood in my hometown of Baton Rouge. She drove a  nice car. But when her husband left, however he left, she had decisions  to make, and she made the decision to go without health insurance so  she could afford other things for her family.   At some point along the way, she felt a lump in her breast, but  without health insurance, she didn't know what to do. My wife was a  breast cancer surgeon in private practice, but eventually someone  connected this patient with my wife. When she came to see my wife, she  had waited so long for evaluation that the cancer was growing out of  her skin. It is called fungating, like a mushroom grows out, except it  wasn't a mushroom; it was cancer eating through the skin. She had  everything otherwise--great house, good car, wonderful kids in  parochial school.   It is that sort of example that touches us all, that lets us all  realize that there is a personal reason why we all care about everyone  having access to healthcare, why we all care about folks having  coverage for preexisting conditions.   I give congratulations to my colleague sitting in the chair, the  Senator from North Carolina, who brought a bill up that would address  preexisting conditions. But on several occasions, my Democratic  colleagues have objected to your bill being passed that would protect  those with preexisting conditions.   So I will end this paragraph where I began it. As I digress a little  bit from Breast Cancer Awareness Month in October, I will point out  that my Democratic fellow Senators raising the issue of preexisting  conditions in the setting of Amy Coney Barrett seem to be doing it more  for political gain because the bill that my colleague from North  Carolina offered would have addressed the issue, but they opposed it  uniformly, as if they want an issue to campaign on but not a solution  to the problem.   So let me conclude. As October comes to a close, let us reflect on  breast cancer victims not only in the final days of Breast Cancer  Awareness Month but throughout the year. Know the risk factors, know  the warning signs, and screen regularly to catch early. Doing so saves  lives. It is important for the person who may have breast cancer. It is  important for us all.   I yield the floor.   