 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I do  appreciate the work the Senator from Oregon has done on this public  lands bill. I know the amount of effort that has gone into this  legislation is significant. Locally driven public lands bills take an  incredible amount of time to get right.   This legislation has gone through intensive local stakeholder  involvement, very similar to what we have done in Wyoming with the  Wyoming Public Lands Initiative in my home State. The Wyoming Public  Lands Initiative was spearheaded by our Wyoming County Commissioners  Association. This initiative was started in order to resolve, through  local negotiations, the status of so-called ``temporary'' wilderness  study areas in Wyoming that have now, seemingly, become permanent.   I recognize and understand that public lands negotiations often  result in compromise. This give-and-take is a good thing, for it lets  people closest to the issue have a significant voice. So I appreciate  the efforts the stakeholders on the ground in Oregon have made to get  this bill to where it is today. However, I believe additional work is  still needed.   I would let my friend from Oregon know that I will work with him and  any other Senators with public lands issues before the Committee on  Energy and Natural Resources. We may not always agree on a given  outcome, but I am committed to having those discussions with Members of  this body.   For this reason, I object.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to ask our  Democratic colleagues to join us Republicans in providing immediate  relief--relief in the fight against coronavirus and economic relief for  the people of this country.   Americans don't ask much of their government, but they are asking us  for something right now. No. 1, they are asking to help control the  spread of the coronavirus, and, No. 2, they are asking to help with an  economic recovery.  [[Page S7522]]    America and Americans shouldn't have to choose between staying open  and staying healthy. We need both, and Congress needs to provide a path  beyond the pandemic.   A path forward, as the Presiding Officer knows, is something  Republicans have been proposing now for a long time. We have done it,  first, with the CARES Act, and we need to do it right now with  additional coronavirus and economic relief legislation.   Our bill is practical. It supports our neighborhoods--men and women  working on Main Street in our small towns and communities all across  the country. We also need to provide unemployment help for those who,  for no reason of their own, happen to find themselves out of work as a  result of the pandemic. We need to get the vaccine to as many Americans  as we can as quickly and safely as we can, especially during this  holiday season, when we are really looking at a medical miracle.   Now, what we have seen from the other side is gridlock--no path  forward on the economy, no path forward on coronavirus. We have seen  them play politics with the pandemic. House and Senate Republicans have  tried now 40 times--40 different times--to get something accepted that  can be sent to provide that relief for the American public. The  Democrats, each and every time, blocked it. The gridlock must end  today.   Mr. President, I would like to spend just a moment on this historic  vaccine discovery. It is, to me as a doctor, comparable to insulin,  comparable to the vaccine for polio, and comparable to penicillin as an  antibiotic. It is going to be that dramatic in terms of the change in  the world.   As we gather on the floor today, planes, trucks, UPS, and Federal  Express are all taking vaccines across the country to many, many  locations--over 636 this first week. So it is not just a scientific  triumph. It is also a logistical triumph.   Every newspaper in the country yesterday, I believe, had a picture of  somebody receiving the vaccine, receiving the shot in that local  community. It is a remarkable time for our Nation. As Christmas  packages are being delivered, so is this great hope for people  receiving the vaccine.   All told, this week, there were 3 million doses distributed to people  around the country, in 636 sites. In my State alone, Wyoming, there are  5 different locations where the vaccine has arrived and over 5,000  people being vaccinated this week. By the end of the year, there will  be 15,000. I am sure in the Presiding Officer's State of Indiana, there  are more locations than that, more people being vaccinated. The  frontline workers are getting it first, and that is the way we need to  do it.   As part of the CARES Act--the Presiding Officer and I voted for it-- $10 billion went to help develop the vaccine and money spent to  distribute the vaccine. But we need to do more. About $6 billion is  additionally needed to help in a full distribution of the vaccine.   Well, I am ready to vote for that. I want to make sure we have that  money so the vaccine, which has been amazing in terms of the speed of  development, can also be deployed similarly to what was done.   This vaccine was done in an unprecedented scale--the number of people  who are going to be vaccinated, the success, the timeline. A safe,  effective, and powerful vaccine is truly astonishing. Never has a  vaccine been developed or distributed faster.   It truly is this Senate, under the CARES Act, and this  administration, under Operation Warp Speed, which stood this operation  up and made it successful. So we are seeing the real effects as people  are getting the shot.   When you think about it in the big picture--and you know this, Mr.  President, from your background in business and contributing in your  community--this is what we talk about when we talk about American  ingenuity. It is why people around the world look to America for  answers, because when things that are critical occur, it is America  that finds the solutions, as we have done right now with this vaccine.   We have come together, public as well as private, over the last 8  months--the FDA--to approve a vaccine. It is interesting: Who should  get it first--the doctors, the nurses? I know firefighters are getting  it here in the District of Columbia. Firefighters have been getting it  at home in Wyoming, and people like the healthcare providers, and then,  of course, those who are most vulnerable, people who are in our nursing  homes right now and in assisted living facilities, people who are most  vulnerable. That is who ought to get it first.   I know when the time comes for me, I am going to get it. My wife is  going to get it. We will be saying yes because I believe it is safe, I  believe it is effective, and I believe it is the solution that gets us  through this. It gets us through the disease, and it gets the economy  back on track.   I talked to one of the doctors who runs the intensive care unit at  Wyoming Medical Center. The healthcare personnel are exhausted. They  have been working double shifts. If one gets sick, others have to pick  up the workload, as more and more people show up in the hospitals and  the emergency rooms with coronavirus. This is very welcome relief.   I talked to a physician who works in the emergency room. She is going  to be vaccinated on Friday. So this is what we need.   It is so interesting. The pundits talk about the dark winters of the  coronavirus surge, but for the healthcare providers in our home  communities, they have to keep the doors open every day and keep the  lights on and take care of these patients, one after another after  another.   Once the first one came--and the wave hit different parts of the  country at different times--once the first patient came, they continued  to come, and they are still coming today. That is why this vaccine is  such a welcome relief and why, for the healthcare providers who have  done such remarkable work, we can say this is their finest hour. They  have kept us going, kept patients, offered of themselves, and now the  vaccines have arrived.   We need to do more in this body. We have healthcare workers leading  by example. We have folks in assisted living. Close to half of all the  people who lost their lives because of coronavirus were residents of  assisted living. But of those millions of healthcare workers, we need  to make sure that the vaccines continue to flow to them and to all of  society and to all people in this country.   It is by doing that, that we will put this disease behind us. We will  be back to our strong, robust, and growing economy. Our kids will be  back full time in school. The universities will be returning to the  robust future that we know is ahead of them.   It is because of the work of this body, months ago, with the CARES  Act.   But our work is not done. As we approach the Christmas holidays,  there is more work to be done. I turn to my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle and say: Please, join us this holiday season to make  sure that the American people, who don't ask for much, are able to  continue to keep their lives on track, get back on track, and move  forward into the year 2021 with a vaccine available to everyone and for  a much better new year.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   