 Mr. Chair, the bill we are considering today is made  of six extremely partisan pieces of legislation. This package will not  receive substantial bipartisan support and is dead on arrival in the  Senate.   Unfortunately, instead of working in a bipartisan manner to improve  credit reporting for consumers, the majority has chosen to advance  legislation that simply attacks an industry, to the consumers'  detriment.   I think the ranking member made a number of points a while ago with  regard to the willingness of the minority to advance a lot of different  solutions to some of the concerns that we all have, yet they were not  heard.   Each piece of legislation in this package has one of two goals--the  first goal is to expand the authority of the CFPB over credit modeling;  the second is to eliminate as much information from the credit report  as possible--both of which will increase the cost of credit and make it  even more difficult for low- and moderate-income families to receive a  loan.   If the financial institution is unable to analyze a risk, it has to  increase the cost to be able to cover the additional risk. It is just  that simple.   In this Congress, we have had witness after witness come before our  committee and praise and support the use of alternative credit  modeling. Using alternative data can increase access to  [[Page H656]]  credit, particularly for low-income consumers and the underbanked.   Instead of supporting efforts to modernize and increase credit  access, the majority seems inclined to stifle innovation by requiring  the CFPB, an unaccountable government agency, to determine what factors  can be used in credit scoring. Putting the government in charge of  establishing credit scores for consumers is a dangerous notion that  strikes at the heart of economic freedom in this country.   By eliminating the information that appears on the credit report, my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle are weakening one of the most  objective and accurate ways to determine creditworthiness of borrowers.   If lenders can no longer rely on a credit report to reflect the  actual risk of a borrower, the lender will be forced to increase their  rates to ensure they are pricing the additional risk they are taking.  This increased cost of credit will directly affect the individuals who  are on the margins, notably low- and moderate-income borrowers.   While I think the majority may have good intentions with this  legislation, government control of credit modeling and decreased access  to credit for low-income families sounds like a disastrous recipe for  our economy. That is why I am opposing the legislation, Mr. Chair, and  I urge my colleagues to do so as well.   