 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on Friday evening, the Nation learned  the sad news that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had passed away.   From her time as one of the few women in the Ivy League, to being  only the second woman ever appointed to the Supreme Court of the United  States, Justice Ginsburg was and is an inspiration to generations of  Americans.   Throughout her remarkable life, Justice Ginsburg fought to secure  equal rights and opportunities for all. She was a champion of women's  rights in particular and broke down gender barriers throughout both her  personal life and professional career.   During this difficult and often divisive time, I think there is a lot  we can learn from the way Justice Ginsburg interacted with those with  whom she disagreed, especially her good friend the late Justice Scalia.  If you looked at a diagram outlining the ideologies of these two  Justices, these two would be at opposite poles. They shared very little  in common in terms of the way they approached the job of being a  Supreme Court Justice.   She was once asked about their close relationship, which stood in  contrast to their vastly different views, and she said: ``You can  disagree without being disagreeable.'' Well, we have all heard that  before, and it is absolutely true--unfortunately, not practiced enough.  But I think that sort of approach should be a reminder to all of us  about the importance of treating each other with civility and respect,  even when the person standing in front of you or on the opposite side  of a computer screen has a vastly different world view from our own.   Our Nation is grateful for Justice Ginsburg's 27 years on the High  Court and her incredible contributions to our history. Sandy and I send  our condolences to the entire Ginsburg family, as well as the countless  colleagues and friends she earned throughout her lifetime.   As Leader McConnell said this morning, the Senate is preparing to  fulfill our constitutional duty of advice and consent. Throughout  history, there has been a Supreme Court vacancy 29 times during a  Presidential election year, and each time, the President has fulfilled  his duty to put forth a nomination. Of those 29 election-year  instances, 19 occurred when the President and the Senate majority were  of the same political party. All but two of those nominees were  confirmed.   Our friends on the other side of the aisle have tried to compare this  to the vacancy in 2016, but the facts were different. At that point, we  had a President of one party in his final year in office and a Senate  majority of another party. You would literally have to go back to 1880  to find an example of the Senate confirming an opposite party  President's Supreme Court nominee during an election year.   The other difference is that President Obama was not on the ballot in  2016, so it made sense for the American people to weigh in. Do you  think we would still be hearing the same arguments from our friends  across the aisle if Hillary Clinton had become President and been able  to nominate a successor to Justice Scalia? I think not.   Voters cast their ballots and not only elected President Trump but  also a Senate Republican majority. In 2018, they expanded that majority  following the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh. If the American people  had elected a Democratic President and a Democratic Senate majority, I  have no doubt that Senator Schumer would act on that nomination as  well.   Just as the Senate has always done, we will thoroughly review the  qualifications and experience of whomever the President nominates. We  should not rush that process. It should be conducted carefully and  consistently with how the Senate has previously handled Supreme Court  nominations. When that process is complete, the Senate will vote on  that nominee sometime this year.   In some cases, the confirmation process has moved quickly. In the  case of Justice Ginsburg, she was confirmed in only 42 days. In others,  the process has taken longer and been significantly more contentious.   I hope our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will try to  restrain themselves from repeating the smear campaign that took place  during Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing, including the Judiciary  Committee hearing. I hope they will refrain from making threats, like  threats of packing the  [[Page S5725]]  Court in the future, which Justice Ginsburg herself opposed and warned  would make the Court partisan, because if Democrats decide to add  additional members to the U.S. Supreme Court when they are in power,  then the pressure will be irresistible for Republicans to add other  Justices to the Court, and it would look--and it would be clearly a  partisan institution rather than an impartial judge of the law and the  facts.   The President has every right to put forth a nomination, and we have  an obligation to give him or her due consideration under our advice and  consent responsibilities. As always, we will be thorough, and I hope,  unlike last time, we can be civil and treat all with respect.   I am prepared to fulfill my responsibilities as a Member of this body  and of the Judiciary Committee, and I hope our colleagues on both sides  are prepared to do the same thing.   