 DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in  support of H.R. 2, the Moving Forward Act. This legislation represents  a historic investment in the future of our Nation.   As the chairman of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, I  am proud that this bill includes an unprecedented $100 billion  investment in our Nation's broadband infrastructure.   This crisis has made it clear that broadband is a necessity, not a  privilege. Because of COVID-19, we must all use the internet to work,  to learn, and to participate in society.   This legislation would establish a national digital equity program to  provide outreach and digital literacy education to get folks online.   It would expand the Lifeline program to create a monthly broadband  benefit to connect working families and the recently unemployed.   It would fund a critical upgrade of our Nation's 911 system, and it  would bring the benefits of high-speed fiber-optic networks to every  part of the country.   Today, Americans who are not connected are being left behind. If our  Nation is going to succeed in the 21st century, we must ensure that  everyone has access to this essential resource.   I would like to thank my good friend, Majority Whip  Jim Clyburn, for  his leadership on this issue and for working with myself and Chairman  Pallone on this legislation. I would like to thank all of the members  of our subcommittee who contributed to this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I am concerned about a provision related to autonomous  vehicles that was included in the manager's amendment.   My hometown of Pittsburgh is our Nation's and the world's leading hub  for research and development into autonomous vehicle technologies. As  we continue to consider this legislation related to autonomous  vehicles, I hope  [[Page H2974]]  that we can engage in a more deliberate discussion about how these  technologies will be regulated and deployed. This technology is too  important to the success of our Nation and to Pittsburgh to do any  less.   