 Madam President, I would like to take this opportunity  to recognize and congratulate two of my favorite people--Gen. David L.  Goldfein and CMSAF Kaleth O. Wright on their upcoming retirement from  the U.S. Air Force after a combined 68 years of distinguished military  service to our great Nation.   General Goldfein's outstanding 37-year career has culminated as the  21st Chief of Staff of the Air Force. In this role, he has been  responsible for the organization, training, and equipping of 685,000  Active-Duty, Guard, Reserve, and Civilian Forces serving all over the  world. He has been crucial to strengthening our national security and  has led the effort on shaping the Air Force and Joint Force of the  future.   General Goldfein launched his career at the Air Force Academy. He  graduated in 1983 and continued his training at the United States Air  Force Weapons School. He would go on to earn his command pilot rating,  accumulating more than 4,200 flying hours in various aircraft, such as  the T-37, T-38, F-16, F-117, MQ-9, and MC-12.   He flew combat missions in Operations Desert Shield, Desert Storm,  Allied Force and Enduring Freedom. On May 2, 1999, while flying a night  mission during Operation Allied Force, then Lieutenant Colonel Goldfein  found himself in the skies above Serbia in his F-16 fighter jet. His  mission was to bomb targets designed to force the Serbian dictator,  Slobodan Milosevic, to withdraw his troops from Kosovo.   Things changed rapidly when an air missile exploded through the belly  of his aircraft, forcing him to eject and parachute into enemy  territory. He was quickly rescued in Kosovo by the Air Force's elite  combat search and rescue team.   His ability to make sound decisions under this extreme pressure and  many other actions throughout his career are why he was the right  person to serve as Chief of Staff for the past 4 years. General  Goldfein epitomizes the finest qualities of a military leader. His  passion for the Air Force, the airmen, and their families--this  certainly is a family affair--is unparalleled, and the country owes him  a debt of gratitude for his sacrifice and for his service.   I would also like to recognize Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force  Wright for his exceptional 31-year career in the U.S. Air Force. For  the past 3\1/2\ years, he has served as the senior enlisted advisor to  the Air Force Chief of Staff and the Secretary of the Air Force on all  issues regarding the welfare, the readiness, the morale, and proper  utilization and progress of the enlisted force.   After enlisting in the Air Force in 1989, Chief Wright would go on to  serve in various duties in the dental career field. He deployed in  support of Operations Desert Shield, Desert Storm, and Enduring Freedom  and completed overseas tours in South Korea, Japan, Germany, and  Alaska.   As the 18th Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force, his transparent  leadership, character, and natural charisma built a never-before-seen  trust with the 410,000 enlisted members. Under his leadership,  improvements were made to the enlisted professional military education  system, enlisted promotion system, physical training testing, and the  enlisted evaluation system. His passion for building a resilient force,  suicide prevention, and diversity and inclusion will have lasting  positive impacts on the service, the airmen, and their families.   Fittingly, Chief Wright will continue to advocate for airmen as the  next CEO of the Air Force Aid Society. As cochair of the Senate Air  Force Caucus and Chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee  responsible for ensuring our Armed Forces and their families have the  infrastructure and facilities to support their needs, I have met with  these Air Force leaders on numerous occasions during their service, as  they encouraged congressional support to strengthen Air Force  priorities and military readiness. Airmen can be proud of their  advocacy and leadership to ensure the United States maintains our air  superiority.   On behalf of the U.S. Senate, the Senate Air Force Caucus, and a  grateful nation, I extend my deepest appreciation to General Goldfein,  Chief Master Sergeant Wright, and their families for their many, many  years of exemplary military service and sacrifice. We all wish them  nothing but the very best in the future.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   