 Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment of  personal privilege to express my thanks to Mr. Thornberry, who is  retiring, for his many years of service to our military and our country  through his actions in this committee. He will certainly be missed.   Mr. Speaker, each year, Congress is tasked with one of its most  important duties: reauthorizing the NDAA to ensure that our military  has everything that they could possibly need to continue protecting  this country.   This year, I am proud to have served as conferee for the financial  services measures in the NDAA, which includes the most significant  overhaul of our anti-money laundering laws in decades.   The bipartisan Anti-Money Laundering Act authorizes new resources for  the Treasury Department to combat illicit finance and requires the  Treasury to apply more rigor to its data collection. This will allow  suspicious activity reports and currency transaction reports to be as  useful as possible for law enforcement.   For too long, Congress and the private sector have had little to no  insight into how the executive branch uses these reports, which has  decreased accountability and prevents us from modernizing the reporting  regime. That ends with this bill.   The conference report also contains the ILLICIT CASH Act, legislation  that Congresswoman Maloney and I have been working on for years. This  provision will deliver a significant blow to human traffickers and drug  cartels by eliminating shell corporations that, for decades, have been  a critical vehicle for laundering money in the United States.   In the fight against shell companies, the Federal Government has  continuously deputized financial institutions, threatening massive  penalties unless they play the role of law enforcement, effectively  forcing private industry to do the government's job.   This legislation puts an end to that practice by forcing Treasury's  Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to collect beneficial information  with minimal effort or inconvenience to businesses.   I thank Congresswoman Maloney for her tireless efforts and  collaboration on several provisions that protect small businesses and  streamline regulations for financial institutions. I also thank Ranking  Member McHenry for fighting for additional protections and relief for  small businesses in conference.   Mr. Speaker, with these provisions, America can better fight illicit  and terrorism finance, which helps our brave men and women in uniform  who risk their lives every day to protect our freedoms and keep us  safe.    Mr. Speaker, section 6308 enhances U.S. law  enforcement's ability to access international bank records to help  better ensure financial crimes are investigated. I am supportive of  this new and necessary provision. This new authority allows the  Departments of Treasury and Justice to issue subpoenas requiring  production of records relating to accounts held by banks outside of the  United States. This new authority would create a secondary mechanism  for seeking discovery from foreign banks separate from the Mutual Legal  Assistance Treaties (``MLATs'') or other multilateral or bilateral  agreements the United States currently maintains with many foreign  governments for this purpose. As the Departments of Justice and  Treasury implement Section 6308, I encourage them only to use this new  authority where a foreign bank operates in a jurisdiction as to which  no MLAT or other information-sharing agreement exists or where the  relevant foreign government has not satisfied its obligations under an  MLAT or other information-sharing agreement.   Many foreign countries restrict banks operating in their  jurisdictions from sharing their customers' financial or personally  identifiable information (``PII'). As a result, subpoenas issued under  section 6308 may place foreign banks in the difficult position of  either violating home country law or being in contempt for failure to  comply with a subpoena issued by the United States government. As a  result, I believe it is appropriate for the Departments of Justice and  Treasury to take into consideration conflict of laws situations to  achieve the purposes of Section 6308 while also maintaining a respect  for home country requirements.   Finally, I encourage the Departments of Treasury and Justice to issue  regulations establishing appropriate protocols to ensure that the  authority granted under section 6308 does not supersede or supplant  existing MLATs or other multilateral or bilateral agreements between  the United States and the relevant foreign government that are  available for obtaining records from a foreign bank.   