 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  4031, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act of 2019, not just  because my district has Lake Erie on its borders, but because of the  impact of such a great proposal that has had bipartisan support and,  now, thankfully, even as recently as just this last week, to talk with  the President with my colleagues and know of his support as well.   The Great Lakes are something that we all treasure in Michigan, and  they are central to our State's economy and way of life. As stewards of  this natural resource, it is incumbent on us to take care of them so  that future generations can enjoy their beauty, their bounty, and their  economic benefits. That is why the bipartisan support for GLRI is so  overwhelming.   For the past decade, the GLRI has been the driving force behind  cleaning up and protecting the Great Lakes. Funds from this successful  program go towards restoring wetlands, combating harmful algae blooms,  stopping invasive species, and much, much more. With additional  resources, we can accelerate and expand GLRI's impact even more for the  citizens of not only our States, but of this great country.   I am proud to join my colleagues in this bipartisan effort to  preserve the Great Lakes and continue it long into the future as  beneficial for all who experience the greatness of what it is.   Let's pass this critical legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and gentlewoman.   Mr. Speaker, I did shave this morning, so there wasn't much hair on  the chinny chin chin.   Mr. Speaker, American taxpayers deserve to know where, when, why, and  how government is spending their hard-earned dollars. This is why I  partnered with my colleague from Tennessee, Representative   Jim  Cooper, to introduce H.R. 3830, the Taxpayers Right-to-Know Act. This  bipartisan legislation requires Federal agencies to supply an online  accounting of their program activities in an easily searchable  inventory so that Americans can keep tabs on where and how their tax  dollars are being spent.   The inventory will account for how funds are allocated, the total  amount appropriated, obligated, and outlaid for services and the  intended population served by each program. It will also provide  performance reviews for each program, including any and all inspector  general or Government Accountability Office reports. All of the  information provided for the inventory will be updated regularly to  provide for a more real-time accounting of Federal program dollars.   Mr. Speaker, I ask for support from my colleagues for this  legislation. I think its time has come.   