 Mr. Speaker, this is such a unique experience for all  of us tonight. Here we are on the floor of Congress, and we have got  almost a dozen healthcare providers coming to share our years of  experience and knowledge and education with the American people as far  as what we are trying to do in this country to develop a vaccine for  the coronavirus. I mean, vaccines save lives. That is nothing new.  Vaccines prevent illness. We know this.   I know growing up, my mom's first cousin had gotten polio when she  was 4 years old. She spent the rest of her life in a wheelchair,  disfigured, disfigured hands. She still found a way to make a living.  But think if she had just had that vaccine a little bit sooner, if we  had actually come up with it.   And to this day, the challenges that we face--I look at Rotary  International, of which I am a member, and their goal is to rid the  world of polio and try to get everyone in the world vaccinated.   This is not new science. But I will tell you this: With the virus  that we are facing today, it is called novel for a reason. It is new  and it is different, and we know more today than we knew 6 months ago.  That is what is so important is that we continue to learn and get  better and take care of people.   We know that some people are more at risk than others. We know that  some people are more vulnerable to this than others. When we look at  the symptoms for those who have tested positive and have gotten this,  the symptoms can go anywhere from no symptoms at all to may be a cough  or a cold or flu-like symptoms or loss of taste and smell to  respiratory problems, difficulty breathing, all the way, as we know, to  death.   But therapeutics have come into play as we are studying this and  understanding and identifying this virus and being able to treat it.   Early on, we were taking a concept that is not new, which is to take  what we call convalescent plasma, take plasma from somebody who has had  this disease and gotten better, developed the antibodies, so that they  can use it to help someone else. And we have seen that it has been  effective. We have seen that it has helped.   We have seen antivirals like the Remdesivir come forward that are  working and helping people get better. Not everyone gets better, so the  fight always continues.   We are using steroid treatments to reduce some of the inflammation  that occurs from this viral attack, especially on the lungs, because it  is the damage to the lungs that does the most.   So think about this and what we are doing today. If someone tests  positive, especially if they have no or very few symptoms, go home and  quarantine; check your temperature. You can check your oxygen level in  your blood which, if it is going down, then you are getting sicker. It  is a pulse oximeter. You put it on your finger. You can get them on  Amazon. And if you are getting sicker, then the time to be treated is  sooner rather than later. And that is what we are doing.   So, as has been mentioned a couple of times tonight, the mortality  rate has gone down 40 percent, which is almost unheard of, and that is  without a vaccine. That is with the therapeutics that have been  developed.   We are doing something that probably no other country is doing to the  level that we are doing. We are testing healthy people, people with no  symptoms. Why? Because we know that people without symptoms can spread  this, and it is important that we know who they are. No other country  is doing the amount of testing that we do.   I was out with the National Guard during the August break. I went to  four sites. We did about 1,000 tests on people driving up or walking  up. It is amazing what we are doing with our country and how we are  trying to respond to this.   So, on to Operation Warp Speed. This is about a commonsense path  forward to find a safe and effective vaccine, and we are doing it in a  way that no one has ever seen before.   Right now, in record time, you have seen pharmaceutical companies  that usually compete against each other coming together to share  knowledge and to come forward to try and develop a vaccine. We have six  that are in phase three right now, three that are up and running.   I want to point out one thing about this being safe and effective.  AstraZeneca had one patient in a trial who developed an illness; and  just like any other trial, when something like that happens, you put it  on pause. You put it on pause to make sure that that illness was not a  result of the trial or the vaccine. That is how you develop a safe and  effective vaccine.   We are asking for about 30,000 volunteers for every one of these  trials. That is the standard. Some will do even more. It is really  incredible what we have done in such a short amount of time, and I  applaud the people who are stepping up to be in these trials so that we  can develop a vaccine right here in America.   The public-private collaboration is unique. It is new, and, as has  been mentioned, the risk we take is that we are developing the vaccines  and manufacturing before they have been through phase three, and if  they don't get through phase three, then it is wasted. But if they do,  then immediately we have it and we start treating the most vulnerable  people. Ultimately, we want 300 million vaccines to treat all of  America.   There are a lot of lessons learned. We have learned a lot. There is  still more to learn. Only science will solve this, folks. That is who  is going to solve it.   I just want to say this. When I look at Operation Warp Speed and all  that we have done in this country so far, if there is going to be a  pandemic in this world, there is no other country that I would rather  be in than the United States of America.    To add to that, this is important, they are trying to  make sure that the people in the trials are coming from the groups that  are most vulnerable especially, and they want to make sure that that is  an adequate number so that we get, again, a safe and effective vaccine.   