 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I want to first recognize the hard work of the Financial Services  Committee, under the leadership of Chairwoman Waters, and also the work  and the commitment of Congresswoman Pressley on the underlying bill.   This legislative package reforms the credit reporting industry and  improves consumer protections.   Credit scores play a critical role in the lives and financial futures  of American consumers. The information relied upon by the industry is  personal to us, things like when we were born, where we live, and where  we work. This data is some of the most valuable information that we  have in today's digital economy. It often is how we prove our very  identity, if not existence. It is key to every aspect of our lives,  from applying to college, purchasing a car, obtaining housing,  investing in our futures, and, eventually, to collecting retirement.   Credit agencies have not adequately secured this data and have  violated our trust. The most egregious example of this is the Equifax  breach of 2017. This theft was not a high-tech cyberattack. The  weaknesses in the Equifax systems were known, as were the fixes, yet  Equifax failed to take action.   The credit agencies have demonstrated that they are not able to  secure their systems by themselves. It is time for Congress to protect  Americans from threats against their credit history and the misuse of  their personal information.   My amendment, Mr. Chairman, addresses this issue in two ways:   First, it requires credit agencies to ensure they are meeting minimum  training requirements for cybersecurity. Every major corporation and  most Federal, State, and local government entities understand that  cybersecurity training is crucial and have established training  requirements and standards. Credit agencies should do the same.   Second, it gives the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau the  authority to examine the cybersecurity protocols and training of credit  agencies, to ensure these agencies are taking appropriate steps to  secure our critical personal information. This oversight will ensure  that credit agencies are proactively adapting to the change in threats  more institutions face in cyberspace.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the  underlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I don't share the gentleman from New Jersey's pessimism this early in  the game, so I will reserve judgment and a response for the appropriate  time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Speaker, during rollcall Vote number 32  on S. 3201, I mistakenly recorded my vote as Yes when I should have  voted Nay.   