 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 718, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I would like to speak to the resolution.   It is a shame that we have to come and reaffirm our commitment to our  country, to our Constitution, and who we are as a people and how we  became the greatest country on Earth and the freedoms we all take for  granted many, many times.   Sometimes we hear things that challenge that. We heard that  yesterday, and we were very concerned about that.   As of today, my friend and colleague from Indiana, Senator Braun,  basically wanted to reaffirm our commitment to the Pledge of  Allegiance, which is something we should do every day--our Pledge of  Allegiance to our flag and to our great country.   What we are doing with this resolution is basically saying that the  bedrock of democracy is the orderly and peaceful transfer of power when  a President transitions out. This should not be a question. There  should not ever be one iota of interruption whatsoever at that peaceful  demonstration.   I remember 1960. At that time, it was the race between Senator John  Kennedy and Vice President Richard Nixon. It was very, very close.  Everyone was on pins and needles, but there was an orderly transfer.  Richard Nixon conceded, and to take this out further, he did a peaceful  and orderly transfer, and away he went.   Then you had Al Gore--Senator Al Gore at that time, former Vice  President Al Gore--and George W. Bush in 2000. We know how that turned  out with the chads and all the hanging chads and the consternation of  not knowing for so long. Then, basically, for the sake of our country,  he did the right thing. Again, we expect that to be done.   We are in the most difficult times right now, and for the President  to even address the subject of maybe not knowing if he would accept or  not is beyond all of our comprehension that could ever happen in  America, that it could ever happen in the discourse and the will of the  voters, the verification of the votes and being able to protect the  ballot box. We have come too long in our country, and we continue to be  challenged.   I believe that to have the leader of the free world talk as if we are  an autocracy--authoritarian versus a democracy--is something that  alarmed me, along with colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Even as  quiet as some may be, I know they are alarmed with that.   What we did is affirm who we are in the Senate and what we believe  in. The resolution is very clear. All it says is that we affirm as the  Senate our ``commitment to the orderly and peaceful transfer of power  called for in the Constitution of the United States'' and intend that  there should be no disruptions by the President or any person in power  to overturn the will of the people of the United States. It is really  who we are.   Mr. President, it is what you defended, what you fought for, why you  entered the service. I am so proud of all the people who have served.  Thank you for your service, Mr. President.   Thank you to all the people in West Virginia, the most patriotic  people in the world. I have said this many times. I am so proud of my  State. We have more veterans per capita than most any State; shed more  blood, lost more lives for the cause of freedom than most any State. We  never failed to answer the call. We have done the heavy lifting. Our  people worked hard, including my grandfather and all my relatives. We  mined the coal that made the steel that built the guns and ships and  the factories and defended our country and our great Nation. We are  very proud of all that.   This is not who we are. This is not who we are, and we must speak  loudly. This is not politics. This is not Republican or Democrat--make  no mistake. This is basically saying that if you believe--for the sake  of the Good Lord and all we believe in and our country, this is about  maintaining this democracy. That is all this is about--maintaining. We  will defend that.   Today, we have just reaffirmed our commitment to the orderly  transition of power by the President of the United States, whoever that  should be, whenever that might happen; that they must have an orderly  transfer that we all will defend and uphold. That is what we affirmed  today.   Thank you for giving me the opportunity, and I thank all my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Thank you for standing true for  who we are and what we believe in and what we have committed ourselves  to   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   