 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I too rise in support of the United States Grain  Standards Reauthorization Act of 2020, S. 4054.   For over 100 years, this law has provided the foundation for the  grain and oilseed marketplace to establish consistent value and price  discovery, and it is relied upon, not only by domestic shippers and  exporters, but by the entirety of the U.S. agriculture sector.  [[Page H6030]]    This legislation contains several wins for agriculture stakeholders.  It promotes marketplace stability by requiring delegated States to  notify users of official inspection or weighing services of any intent  to discontinue service, in addition to notifying the Secretary of  Agriculture.   It ensures that the user fees paid by the grain handlers are used  solely for official services and not other government functions.   And perhaps most important, this legislation ensures continuity in  the official grain inspection and weighing services, providing much- needed stability to the grain and oilseed trade and all who rely upon  them.   I want to thank Chairman Pat Roberts for his work in the Senate to  make sure that we renew the Grain Standards Act this year.   I also want to thank the chairman of the Agriculture Committee and  his team for getting this to the floor as expeditiously as possible  after passage by the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, I support passage of S. 4054. I encourage my colleagues  to vote ``yes'' as well, and I too reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Hagedorn), my colleague and fellow Agriculture Committee  member.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Kansas (Mr. Marshall), our soon-to-be former colleague, soon-to-be  junior Senator from Kansas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  South Dakota (Mr. Johnson), who is my colleague and a fellow member on  the Agriculture Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  myself the remainder of my time.   Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would like to make a couple of  comments about my colleague from Minnesota. Collin Peterson has served  this House and the constituents of Minnesota's Seventh District, but,  more importantly, rural America and production agriculture for 30  years.   My first memory of Chairman Peterson came in the 2008 farm bill  reauthorization markup. That was my very first one. I was a rookie, and  that was his 15th or 16th farm bill to chair. He was stunningly patient  with me during that entire process and had a big influence on me.   I don't think there has been anyone more dedicated and more steadfast  as a supporter for rural America and production agriculture than  Chairman Peterson. He has seen good times and bad times, unfortunately,  probably more bad times during that 30 years than good times. He has  been a champion for both rural America and production agriculture  throughout that timeframe. Rural America and production agriculture are  both better off for his long service to this House and to the  constituents of Minnesota's Seventh District.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of S. 4054, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   