 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time and for his tremendous work on this issue.   Madam Speaker, I am disappointed. I am disappointed by the fact that  we had an opportunity today to make real bipartisan and meaningful  reform. Yet, that is not the bill that is before us today.   I am disappointed the Democrat leadership seems more interested in  passing a bill through the House than having actual solutions signed  into law.   And I am disappointed the bill before us today punishes good police  officers.   Madam Speaker, this is very personal to me. One month ago, my  community lost one of our own. George Floyd was born in Fayetteville,  and members of his family still live in our community. I was honored to  be asked to speak at his memorial service, where I promised his family  and our community that I would work to create real and meaningful  reform.  [[Page H2456]]    After listening to many leaders in our community, as well as talking  to many here in Congress, it became clear that there is a lot that  Republican and Democrats agree on: We agree on banning chokeholds,  increasing police accountability, and information-sharing, improving  training, reforming no-knock warrants, and increasing the use of body  cameras.   The reality of our divided government is that for any legislation to  become law, it has to pass the Democrat-controlled House, the  Republican-controlled Senate, and be signed by the Republican  President. The Democrats introduced this legislation with no input from  Republicans. It jammed it through the committee without accepting any  constructive input or amendments.   Now, many Republican amendments would have strengthened this bill-- like increasing the penalty for lynching and blocking unions from  protecting bad cops. This bill also removes qualified immunity for  police officers. That means any police officer can be dragged into  civil court by any disgruntled person they ever come in contact with.   Madam Speaker, we all agree bad cops shouldn't be able to hide behind  qualified immunity. Representative Ben Cline and I introduced an  amendment that would have earned the support of a majority of this  House and would have solved this problem, but the Democrats wouldn't  allow it. Now, why would they do that?   Madam Speaker, my colleagues across the aisle may have the votes to  pass this measure in the House, but this legislation is already dead on  arrival in the Senate, and the President would never sign it.   They would say to the families who mourn the loss of life, they would  say to the people who march for justice, that 100 percent of nothing is  better than 80 percent of what they propose in this bill. They want you  to believe the failure to get real reform is the thought of the  Republicans when they have shut us out of the process, and they blocked  us from having an open debate in the Senate.   Wake up, America. The Democrats in Congress hope you aren't smart  enough to see the truth. Wake up and demand that your elected officials  work together to get you the reform that all people of good will  demand. Tell them to stop this charade while there is still time.   Madam Speaker, we owe it to the memory of George Floyd and to good  police officers who risk their lives every day to protect us. I am  committed to continuing to fight for meaningful reform and for healing  in our communities, and I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to stop the political games and answer the cries heard across this  country.   