 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further  consideration of S. 2163 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Lankford  amendment at the desk be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a week ago, I stood in this Chamber and  spoke about the death of democracy. I spoke about how free people are  slowly losing their basic liberties right in front of our eyes. I spoke  about how deeply oppressive regimes are defiling laws and  [[Page S3284]]  tearing up treaties that offer protections and peace. I spoke about how  the bright light of a great city is descending into darkness and chaos.  I spoke about the plight of the people of Hong Kong.   I take this opportunity to remind everyone, both at home and those  listening abroad, about the urgent and existential crisis that plagues  this outpost of liberty in the Indo-Pacific. On May 28, the Chinese  Communist Party in Beijing adopted a resolution and began drafting a  new national security law in Hong Kong. That is what they call it,  anyway. But the more we learn about this impending legislation, the  more concerned we should be. That is because we know that this is no  legitimate law.   I will tell you what this is. It is a dictate from a dictatorship,  and its passage will deal a mortal blow to the freedoms and liberties  that Hongkongers have enjoyed for decades now. It is a permanent break  from the one country-two systems principle that has governed that city  since 1997, the principle to which Beijing committed in the 1984 Sino- British Treaty, when they also committed to upholding the basic rights  and liberties of the people of Hong Kong.   Beijing wants to violate all of that now. They want to sweep it  aside, and they want to do it through so-called legislation adopted  through their fake legislature that would roll back the commitments  they have made, roll back the protections and rights of the people of  Hong Kong, and snuff out this light in the Indo-Pacific.   Imagine this great city with new restrictions on speech, assembly,  and religion, because that is what the Chinese Communist Party wants.  They call it a national security law. It doesn't have anything to do  with national security. It has everything to do with ending liberty. It  has to do with banning the freedom of assembly. It has to do with  squelching the freedom of speech. It has to do with denying the freedom  of religion. That is the agenda. That is the substance. That is what  Beijing wants, and it is what they are going to do unless the free  world, beginning with the Members of this body, stand up and say no.   This body must take action today to support the people of Hong Kong.  It must speak with one voice. It must tell the world that this is not  acceptable and that it must not stand, and free peoples the world over  must not silently acquiesce   Now, a week ago, I tried to do just that. I asked this body for  consent, unanimously, to pass a resolution that would condemn this new  dictate from Beijing and emphasize its clear violation of both Hong  Kong basic law and the Sino-British joint declaration. This resolution  that I am here again today to offer, sponsored and supported by  Senators of both parties, would make it clear to everyone that the  United States stands with the people of Hong Kong in this their hour of  need. It would encourage the administration to take all necessary  diplomatic action to stop this new law, to stop this advance against  freedom, and it would rally the free nations of the world to support a  free city.   That resolution was blocked last week. You know, here in this body,  we often have the luxury of time. It seems like that is all we have  sometimes. We debate and we wait, and we debate and discuss, but the  fact is, the people of Hong Kong do not have time, not anymore, and  that means the U.S. Senate does not have time. We must act, and we must  act today.   This new so-called law that Beijing is intent on forcing through is  set to pass now on June 30. That is just 5 days from today. The Senate  needs to act now to send a clear signal now that we will stand up to  this aggression, to rally free peoples now in defense of the rights and  liberties of Hong Kong, and to stand up now to protect our own  interests and to protect our own needs in the Indo-Pacific, because  there is nothing more dangerous to the people of the United States  abroad than an imperialist China intent on imposing its will and  imposing its way on the entire globe, beginning in the Asia-Pacific and  beginning with the free people of Hong Kong.   A chorus of voices from Hong Kong and around the world are calling  for the passage of this resolution. They are calling for it because  they know it will inspire hope in Hong Kong. They are calling for it  because they know it will give pause to the tyrants in Beijing.   Our friends in Hong Kong know that Beijing is watching closely.  Beijing is finalizing its national security law even as we speak, and  Hongkongers know, as we must, that this could be our last opportunity  to stay Beijing's hand before it destroys what is left of freedom in  this city. Beijing must know that its actions have consequences. This  resolution today makes clear that that will be the case, and that is  why so many in Hong Kong are so eager to see it pass and why Beijing is  so hopeful that it will fail.   As I said a week ago, the struggle of the free people of Hong Kong is  the struggle of all free people everywhere. It is a struggle to stay  free from domination. It is a struggle to ensure that Beijing does not  extend its imperial power around the globe and its influence to free  countries and societies across the globe. Hong Kong is the vanguard,  and it is vital that we stand up for it now.   I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be  discharged from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S.  Res. 596.    I will.    Madam President, this is a good moment for the Senate. I  think this is a moment when we have been able to come together to speak  with one voice and to send a clear message to Beijing that its attempts  to steamroll and destroy the liberties of the people of Hong Kong will  not go unnoticed and will not go unaddressed.   I thank the Senator from Maryland and the Senator from Pennsylvania  for their work with their bill, which will give the administration  important new tools to address and to counter the actions of Beijing.   I just want to say to the people of Hong Kong, whom I have had the  privilege to meet and to be with on the streets as they protest, as  they stand up to this violent and authoritarian regime, I hope that  today's actions will give you an added measure of hope that  [[Page S3290]]  the free people of this Nation and the free people of the world are  with you and that we will not sit idly by; that we will stand up; that  we will take action; and that your cause for your basic rights, your  cause for your basic liberties, is our cause as well.   It is a privilege to stand with you as an American and as a  Missourian, and it is a privilege to see this work accomplished today  on the floor of the Senate.   I thank my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   