 Madam President, today, we in the Senate will vote on a  continuing resolution to keep the government funded through December  11, 2020. It is the last day we can do that.   I strongly urge all Members to vote aye. The last thing our country  needs  [[Page S5922]]  is a government shutdown in the middle of a global pandemic and an  unprecedented economic crisis.   Now, the bill we are considering passed the House by a wide margin to  show they were doing their job--sometimes a rarity in Washington. It  provides funding for the government through December 11 at fiscal year  2020 funding levels and under the same terms and conditions contained  in the fiscal year 2020 appropriations bills.   It also includes several authorization matters to extend programs  that otherwise would expire, including important health and  transportation and veterans programs.   Now, I am pleased the bill includes the emergency USCIS Stopgap  Stabilization Act. This will help prevent furloughs of Federal  employees at the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, many of  whom work in my home State of Vermont.   Now, these are dedicated Federal employees. They perform critical  work, helping immigrants apply for citizenship and visas and asylum,  and they have come to work every single day living under the threat of  furloughs for months now, in the middle of a global pandemic, and all  the while continuing their important work.   While I believe more fiscal year reforms and stronger oversight are  needed at USCIS, this legislation will help stave off the immediate  crisis while we work on a longer term solution.   I am also glad the bill includes nearly $8 million for child  nutrition programs, especially the extension of the Pandemic Electronic  Benefits Transfer. That is the P-EBT Program. That is important because  it provides millions of children with additional monthly benefits for  food purchases while schools are closed. And this assistance is  desperately needed as families across the Nation struggle to make ends  meet and to put food on the table.   Now, I support the continuing resolution. It is what I do in my role  as vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   But I cannot help but note the reason we need this is because of a  dysfunctional Congress. It is a symptom of that. It is a senseless and  entirely avoidable, made-in-Washington crisis.   The Senate Appropriations Committee should have been allowed to do  its work. We could have completed all 12 appropriations bills months  ago, and the majority of those bills would have had overwhelmingly  bipartisan support of both Republicans and Democrats.   Apparently, the Republican leader did not want to allow that to  happen, so we are left with a continuing resolution. It simply kicks  the can down the road.   Not only did we not complete our work on the fiscal year 2021  appropriations bills, the Senate has not acted on a much needed COVID  relief bill to address the impacts of the pandemic found in every town  across America--every single town, represented by every single Senator  in this body.   Look what is happening across our country. Schools are struggling to  safely educate our Nation's children, in both the classroom and, where  necessary, remotely, without enough funding to do so.   More than 9 million children do not have access to the internet in  their homes. In normal times, this would set these children far behind  their more affluent peers who can access online educational resources.  By doing nothing--by doing nothing, at a time when much of our Nation's  children are remote learning, Senate Republicans and President Trump  are choosing to leave these children behind, and these children are all  over the Nation, in every single State, and they are being left behind.  Inaction is a choice, and that choice is to actively prop up the cycle  of poverty for yet another generation.   Look at the lines at our food banks. They are at a historic level  during this enormous economic downturn. Today, in America, the  wealthiest country in the world, one in four households are  experiencing food insecurity during this pandemic.   Nobody in this room has looked their child in the eyes with the  knowledge that you do not know where the next meal will come from.  Think of those people who do, day by day, have to look at their  children, knowing that they don't know where their next meal is coming  from and how they are going to feed these children.   Inaction here and at the White House is a choice to let that child go  hungry and force their parents to live with that terrible pain that  comes when you cannot put enough food on the table for your family.   Families are struggling to pay rent and eviction moratoriums have  expired across the country in every State. In July, it was reported  that, in this economy, more than 43 million Americans--one-quarter of  the adult population of this country--either missed a rent or mortgage  payment or had little to no confidence they could make the next  payment. That was two rent or mortgage payments ago, with no relief.    More than 31 million Americans were unemployed in August; 163,735  businesses have closed, and 97,066 of those have closed permanently.   States don't have the money they need to safely carry out an election  that is only 34 days away and in the middle of a pandemic.   Without a legislative change extending critical deadlines, our  ability to achieve a fair and accurate count in the 2020 census remains  a risk--a census that is required under the Constitution of the United  States, a Constitution we all have taken an oath to uphold.   American people are suffering, and politics are being played to keep  that suffering continuing. But it is infuriating that the Republican  leadership refuses to acknowledge this reality. Instead of doing their  job and considering and passing full-year appropriations bills and a  desperately need a COVID relief bill, Senate Republicans have focused  this year almost entirely on packing the courts with rightwing, extreme  judges. Faced with an unprecedented health and economic crisis, does  this spur Republicans to action? No. But what does? Aha. A Supreme  Court vacancy in an election year that under their own precedent--under  Republican precedent--should not be filled until the American people  have their say in November. All of a sudden, they are ready to go to  work. That is shameful. At least on that, wait until the election. Let  the American people speak.   You know, it is frustrating because we could have passed every one of  those appropriations bills and not be faced with this. And I bet they  would have passed overwhelmingly.   So if Senate Republicans want to keep the Senate in session during  October, I say do it. There is plenty of work left undone. The Senate  could act on the fiscal year 2021 appropriations bills, a COVID relief  bill, or any one of the hundreds of bills the House has passed that are  currently bottled up in Senator McConnell's legislative graveyard.   But these pressing needs--pressing needs of people going hungry,  being thrown out of their homes, not getting the medical care they  need, facing the danger of COVID, something the President said would go  away in the spring--their needs are being ignored while Republicans  focus on filling a vacancy to the Supreme Court that should rightfully  remain vacant until a month from now when the people have spoken at the  polls.   Congress is failing the American people because Republicans, led by  President Trump, care more about securing a hyperpartisan Supreme Court  than the health and safety of the American people--all people. It  doesn't matter their politics in this country. It is that simple.   Now, I remain committed to completing the fiscal year 2021  appropriations bills. I want to produce bipartisan bills before the CR  expires on December 11. I think Chairman Shelby shares this commitment.  I look forward to working with him to complete our work.   When he was not blocked by his own party's leadership, we passed, by  overwhelming margins, all of the appropriations bills. Let's work to  complete our work. But for now, let's remove the threat of any more  chaos in this country--prevent a government shutdown by passing this  bill. I urge all Members of both parties to vote aye on the continuing  resolution.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   