 I want to recognize my colleagues from Arizona,  Ohio, Texas, and Iowa for their commitment to holding Communist China  accountable and supporting Americans.   I rise today to discuss the threat of Communist China--a threat that  poses a huge risk to the national security of the United States, our  allies, and the stability of world markets.   Communist China is simply stealing American jobs and technology and  spying on our citizens.   General Secretary of the Communist Party Xi is a dictator and a human  rights violator who is denying basic rights to the people of Hong Kong,  cracking down on dissidents, threatening Taiwan, and militarizing the  South China Sea.   Uighur prisoners in Communist China are being rounded up,  blindfolded, shaved, and loaded onto trains to be taken to  concentration camps simply because of their religion. You can't believe  this is happening today in this world.   Communist China's deceptions surrounding the coronavirus pandemic  should be the last straw for every American. It doesn't matter to  Communist China that their lies and misinformation killed hundreds of  thousands of people around the world. Communist China is on a mission  to be the dominant world power. Chairman Xi will stop at nothing to  grow Communist China's influence. For Communist China and Chairman Xi,  this great power conflict is a zero-sum game. In order for China to be  stronger, America and all freedom-loving countries around the world  must be weaker. We can't allow that to happen. It is time we finally  stand up and address the new Cold War occurring between the United  States and the Chinese Communist Party.    For too long, Washington politicians have been more concerned with  short-term political success than with the long-term threats to our way  of life--but not anymore. It is time for action. We can no longer rely  on countries like Communist China for our critical supply chain. We  need to build up the national stockpile of PPE and our pharmaceutical  industry with supplies from American-based producers. We can no longer  accept Chinese technology that could be used to spy on us, and we are  working to prohibit the Federal Government from purchasing drones from  our adversaries.   We can no longer allow Communist China to steal from us. We have to  be aggressive in protecting American research and American innovation,  including potentially lifesaving research into a coronavirus vaccine.  We should do everything we can to stop buying products ``Made in  China'' because, every time we do, we are putting another dollar into  the pockets of those stealing our technology, denying their people  basic human rights, and propping up dangerous dictators like Maduro in  Venezuela.   We have to hold Communist China accountable and financially liable  for its lies that led to the coronavirus. It is responsible for the  devastation. We have to stand up and say that it is wrong to allow  Beijing to host the 2022 Olympics. That is wrong. The world community  cannot condone or reward its despicable behavior and human rights  violations.   It is important to be clear-eyed. We have to see Communist China for  what it is. We all must do our part to support our Nation and make it  clear to Communist China that the people of the United States will not  stand for its behavior.   I will not stop fighting until our future and the futures of all of  our children and our grandchildren are secure from this threat.   I yield to my colleague from Texas   