 Madam Speaker, I urge defeat of the previous  question so that we can amend, as the gentleman just explained the  rule, to immediately consider my resolution condemning Senator Sanders'  blatantly false comment regarding the racist, terrorist, murderous  Castro regime in Cuba.   I have said this before: If anybody wants to know the devastation of  socialism and the tyranny that so often accompanies it, I invite you to  speak to some of my constituents, including thousands of former  political prisoners now in exile. Let me just mention some of those.   Jorge Luis Garcia Perez, ``Antunez''; Angel de Fana; and Roberto  Martin Perez. There are so many others who are in south Florida who  have suffered in the prisons of Cuba just because they have asked for  and fought for freedom.   But there are also former political prisoners who are still on the  island, and I can mention many of them. Let me just mention Dr. Oscar  Elias Biscet, who just recently was arrested, harassed, and then it  looks like potentially released; and the relatives of current political  prisoners such as: Jose Daniel Ferrer, Mitzael Diaz Paseiro, Miguel  Diaz Bauza, and Yanet Perez Quevedo. You can't speak to  [[Page H1238]]  them because they are in prison currently, but you can speak to their  relatives.   All of them have witnessed firsthand the destruction that socialism  causes. All of these political prisoners have to be released at once.  That is what we should be demanding.   Now, unfortunately, this is not new coming from the Progressive  movement. But I remind Senator Sanders and the Progressive movement  that the Castro regime is not only a threat to the national security  interests of the United States, but also to the democracies in our  hemisphere.   I want to remind Senator Sanders of the Cuba regime's close  relationship with some of the world's worst thugs, such as Iran. Iran  and the Cuban regime held the first Iran-Cuban business forum in Tehran  in August of 2019 and have signed memorandums of understanding  affirming their commitment to expanded trade and coordination. There  were, just recently, two high-profile visits of the Iranian so-called  Foreign Minister and also the so-called President of Iran to Cuba in  2016.   For years, the Cuban regime has been on the list of State Sponsors of  Terrorism for their support of other terrorist states, terrorist  organizations, and violence around the world and in this hemisphere.   In 2013, the Cuban regime, I remind folks, was caught smuggling  weapons to North Korea in the largest violation of international  sanctions against that rogue regime.   It has been propping up the Maduro regime with thousands of  intelligence operatives to oppose the Venezuelan people and, in some  cases, to kill the Venezuelan people.   The Cuban regime has been harboring fugitives from U.S. justice,  including FBI's most wanted terrorist Joanne Chesimard and terrorist  bomb maker William Morales. That is just to name a few.   So that is why, Madam Speaker, I filed the resolution that condemns  the blatantly false comments of Democratic Socialist candidate for  President Senator Bernie Sanders.   This resolution also rejects the false claims that Cuba's healthcare,  education, and literacy rate have improved as a result of the Castro  regime, the Castro dictatorship. Those claims have been debunked by  numerous sources.   Let me just go over a couple of facts.   According to a State Department report, Cuba's infant mortality rate  was 32 of 1,000 live births, one of the best in the Western Hemisphere.  But, Madam Speaker, this was not Castro. This is in the 1950s, pre- Castro.   Cuba's life expectancy was also one of the highest in Latin America  in the 1950s, pre-Castro. No, it wasn't Castro. This was pre-Castro.   Cuba's literacy rate was one of the highest in the Western  Hemisphere, pre-Castro in the 1950s.   Those are the facts, Madam Speaker, the realities of Cuba.   In Cuba now, over 1 million people--in a country of just 11 million-- have risked everything to try to find freedom, to try to get away from  that socialist tyranny. Many have perished on rafts as they place  themselves and their children at risk in shark-infested waters for just  a chance at freedom.    Madam Speaker, why would they do this if things in  Cuba are just not all that bad?   Again, in contrast, during the pre-Castro Cuba, more Americans were  traveling to Cuba and going to Cuba than Cubans coming to the United  States.   Today, now, Madam Speaker, here we have an opportunity to condemn  Senator Bernie Sanders' blatantly false and hurtful comments regarding  the racist, terrorist Castro regime. Join me in standing in solidarity  with the Cuban people and, by extension, also solidarity with the  Venezuelan people who are working to regain their freedom against what  the OAS Secretary General has called the Cuban army of occupation in  Venezuela.    So join me in standing in solidarity with the people and not with the  regime that oppresses them.   