 Madam Speaker, I am really disappointed with, once again,  my colleagues across the aisle using this COVID-19 crisis as an  opportunity to push their partisan agenda. You would think a crisis  like this would bring us together.   And this thing is going nowhere. H.R. 1425 is nothing more than  another government power grab in an attempt to double down on the  failed policies of ObamaCare.   Remember the promise that was made to lower your premiums? Yet, they  have skyrocketed. Not only does this bill rescind the Trump  administration's rule on short-term, limited duration insurance, which  aims to provide relief from rising premiums and flexibility for  consumers, it also implements government price-setting for drugs.   The American people want choice, not one-size-fits-all, top-down, Big  Government programs. Why in the world would you send a hard-earned tax  dollar to Washington and maybe get 20 cents back to take care of a  patient?   Madam Speaker, I made a promise to the people of Georgia's 12th  District that I would fight to lower drug prices, and this bill would  lead to drug price hikes and shortages. Under this proposal, the  Secretary of HHS would be required to set government rates for a number  of lifesaving drugs, like insulin. The CBO estimates that price-setting  policies like these will result in fewer cures and treatments coming to  the market.   H.R. 1425 would expand ObamaCare after we spent years working to roll  back the burdensome mandates that the American people cried out for  Congress to repeal.   As I said, the American people want choice. My Democrat colleagues  have allowed the far-left radicals within their party to take over  their agenda.   Let's be clear what the Democrats want here. They want the government  to be in charge of your healthcare, of everyone's healthcare. Democrats  believe they and their fellow bureaucrat friends know what is best for  your healthcare, not your doctor. I can tell you right now that, in my  district, we know better and can see right through these schemes.   Now more than ever, for the sake of our country, we must come  together to provide real healthcare solutions, not far-left political  messaging bills. Unfortunately, it is business-as-usual here for the  Democrats, putting policies over country.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   