 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss my concerns with  respect to Iran and to express my support for the Kaine resolution, of  which I am a cosponsor.   No American mourns the death of Iranian General Qasem Soleimani, and  my thoughts remain with the servicemembers who were injured by Iran's  retaliatory ballistic missile attacks in Iraq. The President was wrong  to diminish their wounds by referring to them as ``headaches.''  Traumatic brain injuries are serious, and the President's comments  undermine efforts to educate our military personnel about their  potentially lasting consequences. Unfortunately, the President still  does not seem to grasp that his words and actions have real  consequences.   Tensions with Iran and the potential for miscalculation remain  exceptionally high. We are likely in a period of calm before the storm.  No serious analyst doubts there will be a future Iranian violent  reaction to the death of Soleimani and continued pressure by the United  States.   This temporary calm is the result of several factors. First,  Soleimani's death has caused a disruption in the command and control of  the IRGC Quds Force. He is not irreplaceable, but he is very difficult  to replace. Second, Iran's principle objective in Iraq is to expel the  United States, to get them to leave Iraq.   The killing of Soleimani has given Iran political leverage it did not  imagine, and violence at this time could dissipate that advantage,  especially as Iraqi political leadership remains in flux. Finally, the  tragic downing of the Ukrainian airliner swiftly reversed an outpouring  of nationalistic ardor in Iran, with renewed criticism of the  Ayatollah. Again, Iranian violence in Iraq or elsewhere at this time  could exacerbate internal opposition.   The Iranians are likely to continue to act via proxies. For example,  Iranian-backed Shia militia in Iraq have signaled their intent to  avenge the death of Popular Mobilization Forces Deputy Commander  Muhandis, who was killed along with Soleimani.   Our national security interests related to Iran, Iraq, and the  counter-ISIS campaign are on a negative trajectory because of the  administration's policies and the impulsive decision making we have  seen. Since coming into office, the Trump administration has waged a  maximum pressure campaign against Iran that has included crippling  sanctions, the unilateral withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal, and  now the killing of Soleimani.   Secretary Pompeo and the President have stated that the goal of this  campaign is allegedly to bring Iran to the negotiating table, but it  instead has had the opposite effect of driving Iran so far into a  corner that it now sees little downside to escalating and direct  conflict with our country. In addition, the ripple effect of the so- called maximum pressure campaign has resulted in the following: the  disruption of counterterrorism operations in Syria and Iraq to defeat  ISIS; the direction from the Iraqi Parliament to remove U.S. troops  from Iraq; the resumption of Iran's nuclear program; and the growing  diplomatic distance of the United States from our traditional allies  and partners. That is not what anyone would call a win. It should be  clear to all that these policies are not working.   The administration continues to let events in the region dictate our  response rather than proactively and strategically shaping them, in  collaboration with our allies and partners, in a way that benefits U.S.  national security and foreign policy objectives. We should take the  opportunity now to step back from the brink of conflict, engage in real  diplomacy with Iran, and to rebuild our relationship with Iraq. We need  a diplomatic channel, either directly or through third parties, to  avoid miscalculation on either side that could lead to military  conflict.   Such efforts in Iraq, however, have been made all the more difficult  because of our reduced diplomatic presence in Baghdad. Indeed,  according to the inspector general for Operation Inherent Resolve, the  State Department has indicated that--in his words--``the ordered  departure . . . has affected all operations of Mission Iraq, and has  limited the Mission's ability to help Iraq become a more resilient,  independent, democratic country, and to support counter-ISIS efforts.''   Unfortunately, the situation at the U.S. Embassy in Iraq is  indicative of our country's entire diplomatic structure, which has been  hollowed out and hampered at every turn. I am particularly concerned  that Secretary Pompeo has not assumed the traditional role of the  Secretary of State in advocating for diplomatic options but, instead,  has been the loudest voice in the administration for violence and  confrontation. Weaponizing diplomacy as the first step, rather than the  last, is a sure path to diplomatic failure.   War with Iran is not inevitable, but the risk that we stumble into  conflict because of the President's misguided policies has never been  higher. As dictated by the Constitution, the decision to take the  Nation to war rests solely with the Congress. The Kaine resolution is  an important step in preserving the constitutional role of Congress in  matters of national security.    Some have argued that Congress should not debate the issues of  hostilities with Iran. They claim that questioning the President's  policies means one is not an opponent of the Iranian regime. I  wholeheartedly disagree. Before being sent to war, our troops deserve  to know that the Nation has determined the objectives of the armed  conflict to be valid and worthy of their potential sacrifice. Our  military men and women deserve to know that they have a clear mission  and that they have the full backing of not only the Congress but also  the American people whom we represent.   The administration not only owes the American people a transparent  explanation for escalating conflict with Iran but also a credible  strategy to conclude hostilities, if they occur, and ensure an enduring  peace. As we have painfully experienced in Iraq and Afghanistan over  much of the last two decades, securing the peace is no easy task.   I am also deeply troubled by the evolving and, at times,  contradictory justifications offered by the administration for the  killing of Soleimani. Even in a highly classified briefing to Senators  following the strike on Soleimani, the administration failed to provide  relevant details. There is simply no justification for refusing to  [[Page S1015]]  share intelligence with Congress that underpins the administration's  assessment that Soleimani posed an ``imminent threat'' to Americans in  the region. Determining imminence requires a careful and thorough  analysis of both the immediate intent and the immediate capabilities of  the enemy. The administration has not provided a sufficient response to  the Senate on either point.   The President has repeatedly demonstrated a willingness not just to  bend the facts but to indulge in outright fabrications. This behavior  is particularly concerning and unacceptable when it may result in the  deployment of troops into harm's way. Congress has a responsibility to  demand and, if necessary, challenge the basis for assertions that could  be used to take this country to war.   We must not repeat the mistakes that led us to war in Iraq in 2003. I  voted against that conflict, in part because I believed it was an  unnecessary war of choice and the Bush administration had not provided  the American people with a sober assessment of the likely costs or the  nature of the threat.   Going to war in Iraq took our focus off the priority effort to defeat  al-Qaida and consolidate gains in Afghanistan, a decision that has  contributed to our inability to secure the country in the years since.  Once again, we are risking an avoidable conflict in the Middle East at  the expense of our efforts to ensure the enduring defeat of ISIS and to  place increased emphasis on the great power competition with China and  Russia, in line with the National Defense Strategy.   Conflict with Iran is not a hypothetical proposition given the  steadily escalating cycle of violence we have witnessed over the past 2  years, which has ultimately led to the outbreak of conventional  military action between the United States and Iran involving the  killing of Soleimani and Iran's retaliatory ballistic missile strikes  in Iraq.   Iran has also announced that it will no longer comply with  constraints placed on its nuclear program by the Joint Comprehensive  Plan of Action, or the JCPOA, likely resulting in a reduction of the  so-called ``breakout'' timeline for Iran to produce enough fissile  material for a nuclear weapon. Meanwhile, President Trump has declared  repeatedly that he will not allow Iran to acquire such a weapon. Absent  capitulation by Iran or a change in course by the administration, the  President appears to be creating a situation wherein his only option is  military action when it comes to preventing Iran from acquiring a  nuclear weapon. However, we have received no assurances that this  administration would consult with Congress and seek authorization in  advance if it believed it needed to take such military action. Congress  cannot stand idly by as the President careens toward possible conflict.   The potential of conflict with Iran has already upended the  priorities outlined in the President's own National Defense Strategy,  led to the deployment of nearly 20,000 U.S. troops to the region in the  last year, disrupted our operations against ISIS, and made Americans  less safe.   The administration's ill-conceived approach has not worked, and the  time has come to try real and sustained diplomacy rather than relying  on blind faith in the power of coercion. I urge the President to change  course and engage with our allies and partners with the goal of seeking  a diplomatic solution to the current situation immediately.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   