 Mr. President, I rise today to offer my support for  confirming Louisiana native Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court of  the United States.   Deciding whether to confirm a Justice to the highest Court in the  land is among the most important duties and privileges that a Senator  has. We must consider the qualifications of the nominee the President  puts forward and determine a nominee's fitness to serve.   In this case, President Donald Trump made a terrific selection in Amy  Coney Barrett. The Senate will vote on her confirmation in the coming  days, and I will proudly cast my vote to confirm. Here is why:   Judge Barrett is incredibly qualified to serve on the Court. She  graduated summa cum laude from Notre Dame Law School, clerked for the  late-Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, and spent 15 years in  academia shaping a new generation of legal minds.   According to her students, she was not an ideologue but, rather, she  would listen and take their thoughts and process them and bring them to  a better knowledge of the law. With that,  [[Page S6439]]  she has been universally praised by her former students and ultimately  served on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.   Her record and experience show that she is ready for the Supreme  Court.   There is some home-State pride. Judge Barrett was raised in Metairie,  LA, and is a graduate of St. Mary's Dominican High School. When I go  back there, I will see folks with the pen she would have received when  she graduated, and they are very proud to have attended the same school  and perhaps to have been in the same class.   As a fellow Louisianan, I am proud that one of our own will become a  Supreme Court Justice. She will be only the second person from  Louisiana to serve on the Court, which, for my State, makes the  confirmation historic. But it is more than Louisiana rooting for Amy  Coney Barrett; she will serve our country well.   I will also say that I think it fitting that a woman fill the seat  that opened after Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's passing. Although she  and I had our differences in political and judicial philosophy, she  should be recognized for her service and lifelong pursuit of ensuring  that women have a seat at the table. We thank the legacy of Justice  Ginsburg and her service to the United States.   One of the many things that are notable for Justice Ginsburg that I  will emphasize is that she broadened the perspective of SCOTUS--the  Supreme Court of the United States--as they treated the law. I think  Judge Barrett does the same. She will be the first mother of school-age  children to serve on the Court. She and her husband Jesse are raising  seven children, two of whom were adopted from Haiti and the youngest of  whom has Down syndrome. If there is a mom--whether a working mom or  not--who wonders if her perspective is ever spoken to when cases are  considered before the Supreme Court, Justice Barrett will bring that  perspective to the Court.   Finally, I want to thank Judge Barrett for her willingness to serve.  To accept a nomination to the Supreme Court is, sadly, to accept  ruthless attacks from partisans seeking to score political points. Her  nomination was no different.   She has been repeatedly attacked for being a practicing Catholic. She  has every right to live her faith. No one in public service should be  expected to cast aside deeply held religious convictions to satisfy an  angry mob fabricating reasons to say no.   Thank you, Judge Barrett, for defending your--and by extension all of  our--religious liberty.   I think the balance and the grace she exhibited during a very  difficult 2 days of being before the committee but in her life in  general is testimony to the depth by which she considers the best of  her faith.   That said, her political enemies and some in the press intentionally  mischaracterized many of her statements, twisting them into new ways to  attack her, again fabricating reasons to say no. Yet Judge Barrett  handled each attack with grace and dignity.   During her hearing, she displayed time and again that she has the  skills, the demeanor, and the experience to serve on the Supreme Court.   On Monday, I will proudly cast my vote to confirm Amy Coney Barrett  to the Supreme Court. She will serve our country well, and she will  serve the future generations that will be influenced by her decisions  on the Supreme Court well. I encourage my colleagues to put politics  aside and to do the same.   Thank you   I yield back. 