 Madam President, for a bit of good news, last year we  finally provided certainty to American exporters and their workers by  enacting a 7-year reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank's charter.  This is a big victory after years of obstruction by a handful of our  Republican colleagues.   We know what happened here in this Congress. In 2015, during the last  debate on reauthorizing the Bank, a small group of opponents, supported  by far-right special interests, tried to kill the Bank altogether. When  that didn't work, they decided to block all nominees to Ex-Im's Board,  denying it the quorum needed to approve transactions greater than $10  million. Their obstruction cost us more than 130,000 jobs a year by  2018.   Unfortunately, a few Republicans continue to undermine American  manufacturers and our workers by preventing Ex-Im from having a full  Board  [[Page S3292]]  of Directors. It is time for the Senate to consider the long delayed  nominations of Republican Paul Shmotolokha and Democrat Claudia Slacik.   Today's economic damage from COVID builds, and Senator McConnell, the  leader of this body, refuses to let us do our jobs and pass additional  help for families and communities of small businesses. Ex-Im will be  called on--it is more important than ever--to help ensure the survival  of our manufacturing base and thousands of small businesses and their  workers.   Ex-Im, during the last crisis, added 515 new small business clients  in 2009 alone. The stakes are even higher today. There are more than  100 export credit agencies. I believe President Reed, head of the Ex-Im  Bank, who is doing a very good job, said 118 in committee this week.  There are more than 100 export credit agencies and credit programs  around the world that support foreign manufacturers. But our greatest  challenge is China. China's export finance activity is larger than all  of the export credit provided by the G-7 countries combined, and we can  expect China to continue using export credit as a weapon to end  manufacturing business in critical sectors. I asked President Reed  about that in committee, and she is certain that China's threat will  continue and perhaps grow.   The President and many of my Republican colleagues want to blame  China for darn near everything, including the virus that has taken the  lives of 120,000 of our brothers and sisters and parents and sons and  daughters. That is 30 percent of the world's deaths. We are 5 percent  of the world's population, and we are 30 percent of the world's deaths.  That is not because we don't have good doctors and medical workers and  all of that. It is because of Presidential leadership.   China has not been a model of responsibility, but President Trump  needs to stop blaming China for his own failures to do more at home to  prevent the spread of the coronavirus.   For my Republican colleagues who profess concern about China, I wish  they had shown the same concern with standing up to China during our 4- year fight to support American manufacturers. If you say you are  concerned about China, then, you should support filling Ex-Im's Board  so our manufacturers can better compete with China.   A core role of Ex-Im Board members is educating the business  community about how to use the Bank's export financing to expand sales  abroad and create more jobs in the United States. Many small businesses  are just trying to survive right now. Some of them don't know that Ex- Im is a tool that can help. We need a full Board that can be proactive  about offering support.   Mr. Shmotolokha--as I said, a Republican nominee--has been nominated  as the First Vice President and was reported out of the Banking  Committee more than a year ago, and Ms. Slacik was first nominated  almost 4 years ago. Neither is controversial. Mr. Shmotolokha has  decades of experience in the telecom industry. He deeply understands  how China competes. Ms. Slacik previously served at Ex-Im and has more  than 30 years of commercial banking experience.   Ex-Im has an effective management team under President and Chair  Kimberly Reed, but the Bank needs to operate at full capacity during  this unprecedented crisis, not missing two of its five members with  critical expertise.   Don't just take it from me. This shouldn't be partisan. It is not an  ideological question. The Banking Committee chair--my counterpart, the  chair of the committee--Mike Crapo, supports filling the Ex-Im Board.  The U.S. Chamber supports it. The National Association of Manufacturers  supports confirming these two particular nominees.   On Tuesday, Ex-Im's President and Chair, Kimberly Reed, nominated by  President Trump, testified to the Banking Committee that she wants a  full Board because Ex-Im is working to make small business transactions  30 percent of its portfolio, as Congress directed. She said: ``That  takes a lot of boots on the ground and a lot of work.''   I agree with Ex-Im President Reed completely and Senator Crapo  completely. We need a full Board. We need boots on the ground to help  small businesses at Ex-Im. We also have a qualified inspector general  nominee, Peter Coniglio, who is waiting for confirmation. These  nominations are long overdue. I will ask the Senate to consider them  immediately. If we want Ex-Im to support more small businesses and help  America manufacturers compete against China, there is no excuse for  more obstruction   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar No.  128, No. 336, and No. 557; that the nominations be confirmed, en bloc;  that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be  in order on the nominations; that any related statements be printed in  the Record; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action; and that the Senate then resume legislative session.    Madam President, I am disappointed but not surprised that  we are not able to confirm the Ex-Im nominees today. There is great  bipartisan support for this agency. We did a long reauthorization that  was close to unanimous in its support. It is a place in which we have  worked together to create American jobs.   I understand Senator Toomey's discussion about corporate interests. I  am a bit surprised by that when this body passes trade agreement after  trade agreement that supports corporate interests and that costs  workers their jobs and when this body passed a huge tax cut for the  rich 3 years ago that reduced the corporate tax rate and reduced it  even further for companies that shut down production in Shelby or Lima  or Akron, OH, and companies moved overseas to get their tax breaks and  access to low-wage workers. I am just disappointed that we couldn't  actually move forward.   It is the law of the land to have an Ex-Im Bank. There are two out of  five slots that are empty. The President and Chairman of the Ex-Im  Bank, Kimberly Reed, a Trump appointee, said very strongly that she  needs more help, more boots on the ground, because she could create  more jobs that way.   Lastly, I was a bit surprised to hear complaints about the Democrats'  slow-walking of nominees. I mean, instead of actually doing the  people's business here--getting help for unemployed workers and helping  people stay in their homes as courts open up and more evictions are on  the horizon and as layoffs in local governments and State governments  around the country loom--this Senate spends most of its time on  confirming judges.   My wife and I watched almost the entire rally in Tulsa. It was the  first big Trump campaign rally--not that big--or the first purportedly  big Trump campaign rally. We watched numbers of my colleagues with no  masks in an arena in which public health officials said: Please, don't  do that.   I heard the President brag about all of the judges he has gotten  confirmed. So when I hear any of my colleagues complain that the  Democrats have been obstructionists--have tried to stop Trump  nominees--just remember what Senator McConnell did with a legitimately  chosen Supreme Court nominee and, equally as important, what this body  has done in confirming judge after judge, many of them young and many  of them far right and out of the political mainstream. The Republicans  dutifully vote for them because Senator McConnell tells them to. We  know how that works around here. We have so much more work to do than  that, but this Senate doesn't seem to be interested.   I yield the floor.   