 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I want to take a second to thank the Presiding Officer  for the great work that he is doing on the Veterans' Affairs Committee.  As the Senator just spoke earlier, he is working hard to take these  bills and improve them. Everyone is working together, and we certainly  appreciate the fact that the Senator has so much experience in a  variety of different ways and has added so much the committee. We are  very thankful for that.   I rise today to recognize the significant steps that the Senate  recently took to improve the mental healthcare of veterans and save  lives with the passage of the Commander John Scott Hannon Veterans  Mental Health Care Improvement Act. This moves us one step closer to  paving a new path forward in suicide prevention and implementing a new  strategy that, I believe, will give hope and purpose to the men and  women who live with these invisible injuries. More than 50,000  organizations nationwide provide suicide prevention services for  veterans. These nonprofits and community organizations play a vital  role and have taken the lead to build effective programs.   I have heard from veterans how organizations like the one based in  Rogers, AR, Sheep Dog Impact Assistance, are encouraging them to live  their best life. I have also seen how outdoor therapies like Rivers of  Recovery are supporting the mental health needs of veterans and how  veteran service organizations are stepping up and addressing mental  healthcare in their communities.   We have so many organizations in Arkansas and throughout the country  that are doing a great job in this capacity. In Mount Home, AR, the  Disabled American Veterans chapter changed its approach to outreach  after the region experienced the highest veteran suicide rate in the  State, one of the highest in the Nation. Members enhanced their contact  with veterans in the area. This connection has saved lives and reversed  the suicide rate in Northern Arkansas.   It makes sense that we harness the ideas and successes of this DAV  chapter and other advocates into sound policy. That is why I joined  with Senator Mark Warner to champion a new strategy that authorizes the  VA to provide grants to nonprofits in their communities, establishing a  framework to coordinate these efforts and expand outreach to more  veterans. Additionally, this legislation will enable the VA to  establish greater partnerships with communities to better measure the  effectiveness of ongoing suicide prevention programs.   I appreciate the leadership of the VA Committee Chairman Jerry Moran,  Ranking Member Jon Tester, and the assistance of them and their staffs  in working with me and Senator Warner and our staffs to include our  proposal, the IMPROVE Well-Being for Veterans' Act, in the  comprehensive mental healthcare package, again, that we just passed in  the Senate. I especially want to thank Rosie Heiss, Amanda Want, and  Pat McGuigan, members of my staff who spent countless hours and worked  with numerous groups to find a solution to help advance this idea.   The VA estimates around 20 veterans commit suicide each day. That  number has remained roughly unchanged despite a tremendous increase in  funding. Interestingly, only 6 of those 20 veterans are receiving  healthcare services in the VA. By sharing information and collaborating  with veteran-serving nonprofits and other community organizations, we  can expand our network and provide the help the veterans need and,  ultimately, capture more veterans into our VA system.   VA Secretary Robert Wilkie called this approach ``key'' to unlocking  the  [[Page S5399]]  veteran suicide crisis. Hopefully, he is right. I applaud the Senate  for advancing this bill and look forward to working with my colleagues  in the House of Representatives to quickly approve this legislation so  that we can reassure veterans that their best days are ahead of them.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   