 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I want to  thank and appreciate the work done by my friend, my distinguished  colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois.   Senator Durbin and I have worked on many issues. We spent a lot of  time working on this particular bill. In our most recent round of  negotiations, he made a number of suggestions, and we incorporated many  of those. I wish we could incorporate all of them.   For the reasons that I gave a couple of weeks ago when we went  through this, there are some of them that I unfortunately can't agree  to because they would result in our inability to proceed. On that  basis, I object.    Mr. President, we are living in some really unprecedented  times. The economic impact of this global pandemic on our Nation, our  people, and our communities has been nothing short of devastating.  Within weeks of the start of this pandemic, we went from being one of  the best economies that the world has ever seen to some of the deepest  levels of unemployment we have ever seen.   While the unemployment rate improves each month, countless Americans  are still suffering from business closures, from layoffs, and from  furloughs.   Ultimately, the best economic stimulus we can offer in this hour of  need is to foster opportunities for Americans to find meaningful work  and to achieve economic independence. We have to ensure that our  immigration system does not punitively disadvantage our own citizens  from working in their chosen field, does not create unnecessary  obstacles to achieving economic independence, and that it does not  unnaturally depress wages.   I echo President Trump's bold call to put America's interests first  as we work toward economic recovery.   During this economic crisis, the Tennessee Valley Authority, a  federally owned entity, made the decision to furlough its American  workers and replace them with contractors who rely on work-based  immigrant labor. Many of these same outsourcing companies are able to  conduct operations for far less money because they pay immigrant  workers below market wages and require them to work, in some  circumstances, under terrible conditions.   It was never the intention of any employment-based visa program to  crowd out American workers in this way or to allow for the exploitation  of legal immigrant workers. I fully support President Trump in making  that clear in his actions earlier this week.   Let me be clear. This legislation, S. 386, Fairness for High-Skilled  Immigrants Act, does not add a single green card or additional visa to  the current numbers. No. It only lifts the per-country caps on  applications for green cards for immigrants who are already here. So it  doesn't add to the number; it just lifts this artificial, arbitrary  per-country cap.   In times of high unemployment, if we need to reform other work-based  immigration programs that protect American workers, let's do it. If we  need to end the optional practical training program to ease the burden  on American graduates entering the economy, let's do it. If we need to  reform the H-1B program and make significant reductions in the number  of work-based immigrants who come into this country, let's talk about  that.   I support these reforms, and that is why I worked with Senators  Grassley and Durbin, among so many others in this body, to add  significant reforms to the H-1B program, to the Fairness for High- Skilled Immigrants Act. This includes a reduction in the number of  work-based visa holders that any one company may lawfully sponsor. This  reform, included at Senator Durbin's request, is a good one, and it  aims to protect not only American workers but immigrants as well by  significantly curbing the system that allows for both the exploitation  of visa holders and the depression of wages for all employees in a  given sector. Its passage into law will increase the opportunity for  Americans to compete for these positions.   The bill also includes provisions strengthening the Department of  Labor's ability to enforce and investigate claims that employers are  providing less than fair wages and working conditions for immigrant  workers, requiring employers to disclose more information regarding  their H-1B hiring practices and ensuring that employers may not use  other visas to circumvent the H-1B caps.   We must put Americans first. These provisions seek to do just that.  Unless we are willing to completely end the work-based visa programs,  we have an obligation to ensure they are administered and allocated in  accordance with the principles that we espouse as Americans.   My goal in sponsoring this legislation many years ago--nearly a  decade ago, in fact--was simply to bring some equity into this system.   I have always been struck by the fact that the government has  conditioned a benefit--in this case, a green card and a pathway to  citizenship, given that this is a series of immigrant visa programs at  issue--based solely on the applicants' country of origin.   There may have been some legitimate reason many decades ago, in fact,  for this. I almost can't think of what those legitimate reasons might  have been. Regardless, this has led to a system that largely  discriminates against green card applicants from one country--and I  mean literally one country. This is inconsistent with our founding  principles. This is not how we try to do things as Americans. And it is  not right.  [[Page S4902]]    Today, if you are a work-based immigrant from India entering into the  EB-2 green card application process, you will wait almost 200 years  before your application is even considered solely because of where you  were born--almost 200 years on a waiting list. Some people don't even  live that long. Our country isn't much older than that. Yet that is the  amount of time they would have to wait based solely on the basis of the  country in which they were born. If you are born anywhere else-- anywhere else other than China; say in Ghana, Sweden, Indonesia-- basically any other country other than India, your application will be  considered immediately.   This sort of discrimination is simply inconsistent with the  principles of an America-based immigration system and with our founding  principles and the principles that unite us as Americans.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee  be discharged from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to  H.R. 1044; further, that the Lee amendment at the desk be agreed to,  the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, Senator  Scott's proposed amendment, to be clear, would create a carve-out for  people based on the languages they speak. Now, unless their language  skills are somehow part of the analysis determining whether or not they  qualify for employment-based immigrant visas, I do not see that making  a carve-out for particular languages would be consistent with our  immigration rules or with principles of fairness or of equity.   Amendments like this one that purport to carve out groups of people  based on their nationalities or their ethnicities or their native  languages are antithetical to the type of equitable change we have been  pursuing with this bill for years. When we look at this, it operates  quite broadly. He is trying to create a carve-out for people who are  native speakers of Spanish, Portuguese, Haitian, Creole, Cantonese,  Taiwanese, Hokkien, or Hakka, for those who have attained a master's  degree or higher in the aforementioned languages, or for people who are  spouses or children of the people on the aforementioned list. There are  a lot of people who have been identified there. Interestingly enough,  this doesn't include other languages. I haven't heard any principled  basis upon which we could differentiate between those two.   So it seems to me that, in fixing one problem, we reinsert this  amendment in there and give preferential treatment to people who, by  the way, are not speakers of Hindi or of Urdu or of other languages  that are commonly spoken in India. I don't understand the principled  distinction between these language speakers and others.   More fundamentally, this undermines and contravenes the fundamental  purpose of this legislation, which is to say that, regardless of what  other factors you might take into account when deciding how you are  going to allocate employment-based green cards, the one thing we  shouldn't look to and that no longer makes any sense to look to--to the  extent it ever made sense to begin to look to, which it probably  didn't--is the country of origin. This makes no sense, and it is wrong.   Therefore, I cannot support the amendment offered by my colleague  Senator Scott, and I object to its adoption.    Mr. President, I go back to the question I asked  rhetorically a moment ago.   What is it about the speakers of these languages that are mentioned  in the amendment offered by my friend and distinguished colleague, the  junior Senator from Florida--that is, the native speakers or speakers  who hold a degree in the languages of Spanish, Portuguese, Haitian,  Creole, Cantonese, Taiwanese, Hokkien, or Hakka--that makes them more  deserving of an allocation of an employment-  [[Page S4903]]  based immigrant visa than the speakers of Hindi, of Urdu, or of any of  the languages spoken in India?   As I mentioned a moment ago, you have a real problem, a real  inequity. Overwhelmingly, the per-country cap punishes would-be  immigrants from India in a way that doesn't affect any others, except  maybe some from China. By the way, he covers some of the language  groups spoken in and around China, including Cantonese and Taiwanese.  So why not Mandarin? Then, if Mandarin, why not any of the languages  spoken in India?   This cuts right to the heart of why it is we need this reform and why  it is we have an Elvis Presley-era, outdated, outmoded, unwise, and  fundamentally inequitable immigration code--one that is at odds with  the way our immigration system works.   Imagine two otherwise identical applicants for a visa, wherein they  are exactly the same in all respects--those being their academic  degrees they have earned, their employment experience, their background  checks, their family statuses, their earning potential, their job  commitment, and professional certifications. Imagine they are identical  in every single respect except for one--that immigrant A happens to  hail from Sweden and that immigrant B happens to have been born in  India. Immigrant A will be eligible to have an employment-based  immigrant visa application considered immediately. Immigrant B, simply  by virtue of having come from India, will, in many circumstances, have  to be on a waiting list for 200 years. This is wrong.   I really would like, one day, for someone--anyone--to explain to me  why it makes any sense to leave this law on the books. One can't. One  will not because there is no good reason for doing so. If one can't and  if one will not, why on Earth would you want to weaken something and  dilute something to create special privileges to one group of would-be  employment-based green card holders simply because they happen to come  from yet another preferred country over the nonpreferred,  discriminated-against country? This is wrong.   We have to get this thing passed. I am so grateful to Dick Durbin and  the work that he has done with me on this. I am grateful to my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have put together this  bipartisan bill. I believe we are close. I believe we are very close. I  intend and plan and fully commit in the coming days to keep pushing  this. This issue isn't going away. We are going to get this thing  passed.   