 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman  for yielding.   As my friend said, if we defeat the previous question, we will offer  H.R. 6177. Leader McCarthy's bill, H.R. 6177, is simple. It requires  Members of Congress to disclose unpaid tax liabilities  [[Page H1611]]  and garnishments in their annual financial disclosure reports.   As we approach tax season, where, under a penalty of fine or prison,  we expect every American to file their taxes, those same hardworking  Americans deserve to know whether their Representatives are doing the  same.   And, like the American public, if a Member of this body fails to meet  their tax obligations, my bill requires their pay be placed into escrow  until their tax obligation is met. This is responsible governing that  informs the public and holds all of us accountable.   The House should advance this legislation today.   This bill falls under the jurisdiction of the Committee on House  Administration, and, as ranking member, I am prepared to work with the  Chief Administrative Officer to execute this legislation. Also, as  ranking member of the committee, I have seen legislation run through  this committee that tried to use the tax dollars of hardworking  Americans to fund their own congressional campaigns. Every member of  the majority in this room, in this Chamber, cosponsored that bill when  it was introduced.   This 6-to-1 small dollar match of campaign dollars would have created  a mandatory donation from the American taxpayer to each congressional  candidate, meaning, for every $200 donated to a campaign, the Federal  Government--the taxpayers--would give $1,200 to that Member of  Congress' campaign.   Imagine if every Member of Congress--not counting all the candidates  in each congressional race, just the current 435 Members--received just  $1 million in matched funds from the Federal Government, from the  taxpayers. That is close to half a billion dollars going just to the  campaigns, the political coffers of Members of Congress.   If it is the position of the majority party to force Americans to  support politicians with their tax dollars and raise the taxes of  hardworking families, we should at least let those same Americans know  which of us in this body are even paying their own taxes.   