 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend, the ranking  member of the House Energy Subcommittee and the former chairman of the  full committee, Mr. Upton, for yielding me this time.   Tragically, I have to rise in opposition to H.R. 4447.   This reminds me of the last time Democrats were in charge. This is  now an 894-page bill. Some of it has been through committee. It has  never been looked at in its entirety, and it has only been available  for a few days within the rules, but certainly not long enough for the  American people to fully digest and know everything about it. It is  unfortunate because I think we could do a lot more to come together and  agree on a package that would cause our economy to really rebound and  to drive clean innovation the American way.   You see, Madam Speaker, the key to expanding clean energy and  creating prosperous jobs in America is to actually reduce the barriers  to building infrastructure, not increase them, and to deploy innovative  new technologies that will ensure reliable, affordable energy for the  economy. This will produce the economic rebound and the growth that we  all want, growth that maintains environmental standards but creates  economic opportunities, especially for the poor and the disadvantaged.  It generates the resources for communities and families to prepare for  their futures.   In recent years, Madam Speaker, Republicans have led successful  efforts to enact laws that enable more rapid licensing of hydropower  facilities, zero carbon emission hydropower. We are talking small scale  in irrigation ditches that are now piped. We are creating new  electricity with no emissions. We are putting water into streams for  fish. And we are pressurizing systems for farmers.   We did more of that under a Republic majority, and there is more we  can do now, but we are not.   We want more seamless delivery and export of clean-burning natural  gas. If you think of the conversion that has occurred from coal to gas,  the reduction of emissions, we lead the world in reducing emissions. We  have created enormous wealth and jobs in areas that had terrible  poverty and needed economic development. We have increased private- sector use of carbon capture technologies.   I think there is great hope in the future with our brilliant  scientists to do even more in this space and to streamline licensing to  enable advanced nuclear energy production. America has always led in  that category, and there are new opportunities out there to do small- scale nuclear energy.   We need to do more of that, but sadly, this bill doesn't get us where  we need to go. These are all good things for the economy and, frankly,  good things for the planet.   Madam Speaker, you won't hear it from the radical left, but the  United States has actually been leading the world in carbon reductions.  It shows the largest absolute decline in emissions of all countries  since the year 2000. Frankly, we have reduced carbon emissions more in  total than Britain, France, Germany, and Canada combined--combined,  Madam Speaker. So the United States continues to improve its air  quality for all communities. Particulate matter pollution is down 25  percent to 44 percent in urban areas around the Nation since 2007. This  is tremendous news for disadvantaged communities and, frankly, for all  Americans.   All this happened while the United States has reemerged as an energy  superpower on top of the economic boom of the shale revolution. So our  job today should be to build upon that.   Unfortunately, Democrats' legislation goes in the other direction, I  believe. It destroys some of these gains, and it is not the way we  should do this. In this Congress, my Committee on Energy and Commerce  Republican colleagues have introduced a number of bills to encourage  investment in infrastructure, remove more regulatory barriers to  permitting and licensing to ensure affordable, reliable energy and to  expand access to clean energy, promote nuclear innovation, and protect  natural gas resources.   Yes, we have a very aggressive, positive, and pro-environment energy  agenda as Republicans. None of the amendments based upon these reforms,  unfortunately, made it into H.R. 4447. No. Democrats kept those  out, and that is a problem.    Madam Speaker, you do not achieve a prosperous economy and advance  clean energy innovations without removing the barriers to building and  deploying new technology. You certainly don't achieve this by focusing  instead on enacting more than 135 billion borrowed dollars in Federal  spending, scores of new Federal subsidy programs, new regulations that  delay siting and building, and raising electricity rates. This bill  does that, and it increases the cost of new homes and infrastructure.   Yet, that is what this 900-page gorilla does in the room. Sure, there  are some bipartisan provisions, but that does not make this a workable  bill for the American public. Taken together, provisions in this bill  will undermine any efforts to expand infrastructure or build the  innovations.   The bill ignores the priorities of rural Americans whose reliance on  affordable energy is critical to their productivity and livelihoods.  Instead, this bill gives billions for city-oriented green energy and  efficiency programs, leaving the rural areas behind with nearly $50  billion in spending and mandates to drive a transformation toward  electric vehicles that are sure to drive up electricity rates and  transportation costs.   Most troubling are new provisions concerning NEPA and other reviews  seeded throughout this bill. These are  [[Page H4871]]  sure to lead to delay, litigation, and loss of opportunity. It will  take longer to get a permit, longer to site a project, and longer to  get a license, as if it didn't take long enough now.   The bill introduces, without any committee review, new private causes  of action that are sure to benefit trial lawyers but at the expense of  ordinary Americans who want more jobs and better opportunity.   All of this will, unfortunately, keep investments sidelined and any  projects funded in the bill on the lab table. This is not energy  policy. This is Big Government prescription, and we should not support  this bill.   