 Mr. Speaker, I have been listening to the debate, and I  have been really amazed at what I have heard from the other side. They  said the military goes into battle, or is ready to go, and they don't  let these things bother them.   The military doesn't have a great majority of their members who are  65 years of age and older. And when they do have members that are 65  years of age and older, and they have morbidity systems or past  incidents that make them more likely to get a disease, they don't send  them into battle. They take care of them. They don't put them out there  in harm's way.   Some people talked about the Senate. Lamar Alexander came up, and he  got exposed to coronavirus from a staff member, so he had to go back to  Maryville. Rand Paul came up. He got exposed, took a test, still swam  in the Senate pool, exposed everybody over there to COVID, and came  back positive.   So, it is not about the Senate. This makes good sense.   One of our best epidemiologists said that the best place you could  find to get the coronavirus is indoors in an enclosed room with a lot  of people and a lot of talk. That is the definition of Congress.  Washington is a hot spot; it is under a stay-at-home order; and you are  not supposed to meet in groups of more than 10 people. We are more than  10. And if they expand it, we will be up to the level of 50, which is  maybe the next level.   We are just protecting our Members and protecting their loved ones  and protecting their constituents.   This is a good law. It gives people a chance to vote. We have Members  who are going through chemotherapy now. The great John Lewis is going  through chemotherapy. That means he cannot come up here and vote. That  should not be the facts.    Mr. Speaker, let me tell you something that is in this  bill: There is a repeal of about a $100 billion tax break for the  richest people in this country that Trump and McConnell snuck in CARES  1. We didn't see it at first. We found it.   We put out a letter asking for support. Do we get one Republican to  say yes, I want to join you and get rid of that $100 billion tax break  for 80 percent of the people who make $1 million a year or more and had  nothing to do with coronavirus? Not one of you. You ought to be for  that. That is thievery. That is robbery. Jesse James wouldn't need a  mask if he came here. Trump and McConnell didn't have on a mask when  they stole from the American people $100 billion for millionaires and  billionaires.   