 Mr. President, I rise to talk about the inclusion of  critical protections for renters in the bill before us today. These  include $25 billion in emergency rental assistance and an extension of  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's nationwide eviction  moratorium through January 31, 2021.   This bill does not include all that I have been calling for since  this crisis began, nor is it the bill I would have written on my own,  but it is a long overdue and essential start on the help families  urgently need to stay or become safely and stably housed right now. And  it is arriving as millions of renters across the country are on the  precipice of an entirely preventable eviction crisis.   One in five renters are behind on rent right now. For renters in  households with children, this number is one in four, and for Black  renters, the rate is nearly one in three. Economist Mark Zandi  estimates that renters are $70 billion behind on rent, with average  back rent of nearly $6,000. With millions of families potentially  facing eviction or displacement, without this bill, the current CDC  eviction moratorium would have expired on December 31, making for a  very unhappy new year for many renters across the country.   A wave of evictions in the middle of this pandemic will set back  millions of families, interrupt jobs and educations, and exacerbate  inequality in this country. It will also make it harder to keep people  healthy and get the virus under control.   I have heard from Ohioans how badly people need housing assistance. A  group of Ohio's homeless services organizations told me recently about  the tremendous surge in family homelessness they are seeing during the  pandemic. One reported that 80 percent of their shelter requests have  been families with kids. These are families with nowhere to go and  trying to balance work and school. How many of them could have stayed  in their homes, and not disrupted their lives--and their kids' lives-- if the Federal Government had just stepped in with rental assistance?   In Columbus, there are over 100 eviction trials every day, even with  the current CDC moratorium in place. An advocate I spoke with told me  that he expected there to be a ``massive flood'' of eviction cases in  January after the CDC moratorium expires.   We did not have to be here. Since the passage of the CARES Act in  March, I have been calling for more help for renters and homeowners to  withstand the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic effects. In May, I  introduced S. 3865, the Emergency Rental Assistance and Rental Market  Stabilization Act of 2020, to provide these resources throughout the  country. The House passed this bill as part of the Heroes Act in May.  Unfortunately, Senate Leader McConnell did not see the urgency to act  on COVID relief for families, and we are just coming to the floor with  a bill to help address the COVID-19 crisis 7 months later.   Today's bill, while not going far enough, takes action to help  renters remain or become stably housed and keep their utilities  running. The $25 billion in rental assistance and extension of the  eviction moratorium will work together to protect renters from  evictions in the midst of the pandemic in the middle of winter. The  eviction moratorium extension helps prevent evictions while families  await assistance. Rental assistance will ensure that families can pay  their bills and remain in their homes during and after the pandemic  without being forced to make impossible choices between rent and food  or medicine.   Given how badly these resources are needed in the community today,  the Department of Treasury must do all that it can to implement this  rental assistance program quickly and successfully.   This means ensuring that States and communities can quickly provide  funds to those who need them and minimize artificial paperwork and  documentation barriers for applicants trying to access the funds  Congress intended them to have. Treasury should avoid establishing  requirements that are burdensome for both renters and grantees  administering emergency rental assistance programs and that will slow  down dollars going to keep the heat on and pay landlords.   The COVID-19 pandemic has had broad impacts on individuals, families,  businesses, availability of government services and supports, and  throughout our economy. It has changed where and how many people work.  It has made it more difficult not just to keep a job, but also to find  a new job, to get enough hours, and to find child care or someone to  care for a sick loved one. All of these challenges brought on by the  pandemic have made it more difficult for families to make ends meet.  These effects are likely to exist for months and years to come. As  Congress has stated in this bill, given the enormous documentation  challenges facing families as businesses close and service jobs reduce  in hours, an applicant's written attestation should be the only  documentation required to demonstrate a connection to the pandemic.   In addition to financial assistance for rent, utilities, and other  housing costs, the bill permits grantees to fund housing stability  services. This will allow grantees to offer households services they  may need to remain or become stably housed, including case management,  landlord-tenant mediation, legal services, eviction prevention  services, rehousing services, services to connect eligible households  to other public supports, and referrals to other services for  behavioral, emotional, and mental health issues, domestic violence,  child welfare, employment, and substance abuse treatment.   Finally, the emergency rental assistance fund in this bill provides  nontaxable assistance for renter households that does not count toward  income for calculating eligibility for other programs. Emergency  assistance is just that--emergency assistance for an extraordinary  event--and it should not be used to penalize families further. If there  is any confusion about the taxability of this assistance, the  Department of Treasury, in consultation with the Internal Revenue  Service, should provide guidance to clarify this for grantees and  participants.   I will continue to fight for the housing resources and protections  our renters and homeowners need to stay in their homes. I also look  forward to working to successfully deploy the historic resources and  protections provided in this bill.   