 Madam President, I want to take some time to thank and  commend my colleagues who are departing the Senate. All of these  Members have devoted themselves to serving the Nation and serving their  States. We are all better off for their service.   Let me begin with my friend and colleague Tom Udall. Tom inherited a  family tradition of fighting for the American West and its citizens.  His time in the Senate only added to the Udall legacy.   Tom has been one of our Chamber's leaders on conservation and the  environment. He championed the creation of monuments and worked to  block the Trump administration's harmful environmental policies. And,  this year, he helped secure permanent funding for the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, which was pioneered by Tom's father, Stewart Udall.   Tom's commitment to the health of our Nation's environment has always  been evident, and I was proud to hand off my role as the Democratic  leader of the Senate Interior Appropriations Subcommittee to Tom in  2015. During his tenure, funding for the Interior appropriations bill  grew by 25 percent, and more than 100 anti-environmental riders were  blocked. These victories would have been impossible without Tom's  ability to connect with his fellow Members and get things done. They  are also a testament to Tom's deep knowledge of America's lands and  resources.   Of course, Tom's successes go beyond his environmental work. Tom has  worked tirelessly to ensure our Nation's Native Americans receive the  respect and support they are entitled to. He salvaged and ultimately  passed bipartisan legislation updating the Toxic Substances Control Act  for the first time since 1976, which was a big victory for public  health. I was also pleased to work with Tom to pass legislation in 2016  to help reduce and prevent suicide among adolescents and young adults.   Finally, I am especially grateful for Tom's efforts to increase  resources for  [[Page S7528]]  the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the  Humanities. These Federal agencies are part of Rhode Island's late and  great Senator Claiborne Pell's lasting legacy. They lift our spirits,  tell our stories, and strengthen our sense of community. Tom's work in  advancing these agencies has enriched our country and helped bring so  many people together.   Thankfully, Tom has said that, while he is leaving the Senate, he is  not retiring from public service. I know New Mexico and our country are  better off for that. I wish Tom and his family the best as they go  forward.   