 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1980, which would establish  a national women's history museum within the Smithsonian Institution.   Throughout our history, women have made enduring and significant  contributions to our Nation's scientific, cultural, economic, artistic,  and civic life. It is critical to preserve and share these stories  because women's history is America's history.   That is why I, like the 293 bipartisan cosponsors of this bill,  support a museum in our Nation's Capital dedicated to showcasing these  contributions.   This bill is the result of much hard work. A bipartisan commission  extensively studied the complex issues surrounding the establishment of  a museum. Their final report, issued in 2016, recommended the creation  of a comprehensive national women's history museum and that it be part  of the Smithsonian Institution. H.R. 1980 embodies this recommendation.   It is critical that the eventual new museum reflects the full  spectrum of views among American women, including conservative voices  and opinions. During committee markup of this bill, my colleague Mark  Walker's amendment to ensure the diversity of political viewpoints in  the museum's exhibits and programming was unanimously adopted.   The Smithsonian faces a challenging task ahead. Creating a new museum  [[Page H1032]]  takes an enormous amount of effort and resources, with cost estimates  approaching $650 million.    Further, the Smithsonian has ongoing major capital improvement  projects, a nearly $1 billion deferred maintenance backlog, and storage  capacity issues.   As I have stated before, I think it is imperative that we, as  policymakers, holistically consider all the multifaceted components  with these projects and how they fit into the long-term strategic plan  of the Smithsonian.   These are challenges but should not be obstacles to moving forward.  With strong leadership at the Smithsonian and the partnership of  Congress, a Smithsonian women's history museum can become a reality. I  look forward to one day visiting it and sharing that experience with my  own daughter.   Before I yield, I would like to commend my colleague across the  aisle, Representative Maloney, and my colleague standing to my right,  the lead Republican sponsor, Mr. Fitzpatrick, on their dedication to  pushing this bill through the legislative process. I thank both of them  and their staffs for their hard work to get here.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, again, I thank my  colleague, Mrs. Maloney, for making this bill a reality in partnership  with my good friend, as I mentioned in my opening statements, Mr.  Fitzpatrick.   This is the epitome of bipartisanship here on the floor of the House  of Representatives today.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Levittown,  Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick), who left his favorite job out in the  world as a special agent fighting corruption at the FBI.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon), who is a fighter  for her whole territory.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Madam Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am here today standing in support of H.R. 1980,  because I firmly believe in honoring women trailblazers who have shaped  history and the story of our country, women who demonstrate leading by  example.   It is just what Brenda Lawrence was saying: we need to demonstrate  how we can achieve that empowerment tool, and I think this museum is  going to be just that.   Women like our first female Supreme Court Justice from Puerto Rico,  Sonia Sotomayor; our first Supreme Court Justice, Sandra Day O'Connor;  civil rights activist Rosa Parks; astronaut and astrophysicist, Sally  Ride; the first Latina to be elected to Congress, former Representative  Ileana Ros-Lehtinen; and Representative Jeannette Rankin, the first  woman elected to Congress; are the better examples.   Each of them in her respective field illustrated the strength and the  commitment of women when they set themselves a goal. They are just a  few of the women who transformed the American landscape, making it  possible for me to be here today as the first female representative of  Puerto Rico and now the vice-chair of the Congressional Women's Caucus.   According to the Census, women are 50 percent of the total population  of the country--165 million women in America--yet there is not one  comprehensive museum dedicated to the history of women in the United  States; and of the 2,400 national monuments, only 120--just 5 percent-- honor women.   The role of women in the building of this Nation was not properly  recognized while it was happening. We must create a space where that  history that was not told in their own time can be studied, propagated,  and given the high relief it deserves.   Madam Speaker, I support this bill because I think it is time to  honor how women shaped what is America today.    Madam Speaker, speaking of women  leaders in this institution, it is bittersweet because she is not  coming back after this year, but I stand here and yield 2 minutes to  the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Brooks), who is my good friend and  my classmate from the 2012 and 2013 cycle.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentlewoman.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Wagner), my good friend, classmate, a  leader on women's issues, and somebody I knew before we both got  elected to this institution.    Madam Speaker, I have no further  speakers, and I am prepared to close.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I support this wonderful piece of legislation. It is  talking about leadership. You can't get much better leadership than  Chairwoman Maloney. This is an issue she has been tenacious on.   It is one I am proud to work with the majority party on. At a time  when America doesn't think we are a bipartisan institution, I hope  today is one of those instances where they can turn on C-SPAN, or maybe  it will get reported in the 24-hour news cycle, but we are going to  come together to do something that is great, not just for America but  America's history.   Madam Speaker, since I have some time left, we are talking about  women, strong women who have been a part of this institution. She  doesn't know I am doing this because she is sitting right next to me,  but we are going to see the retirement of an institution here in this  House. Come April 1, my House Administration minority staff is going to  lose our institution, our institutional knowledge, Ms. Mary Sue  Englund.   Mary Sue has worked for government for 31 years, 27 years here in the  House. Working with the likes of Bill Thomas makes me look easy, I  think. I don't know all the rest of them before I got here, but the  chairpersons of the committee before I got here, I know Mary Sue, when  I met her, she was working for then-Chair Candace Miller, and she  worked for Chairman Gregg Harper. For her to stay on and work with us  in the minority, I am honored.   It is people like Mary Sue who make this institution great. It is  people like Mary Sue who are going to be missed. And it is people like  Mary Sue who I enjoy embarrassing today because I didn't tell her I was  going to do this.   Madam Speaker, if the folks in the gallery would rise today to give  Mary Sue the sendoff that she deserves.   Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Clearly, I will not use that all, but you want to talk about  empowered women? I am joined here in this House today by three young  ladies who are the daughters of somebody I used to work with when I was  a staffer.   Ray Fitzgerald died too soon, in 2009. Ray, a former staffer, went  back home to Naperville, Illinois. When his youngest daughter, Lucy,  was 1, he succumbed to a deadly stomach cancer.    Those three girls, along with their mom, Kristin, are fighting the  fight to eradicate stomach cancer and working with us each and every  day.   I am proud to see that we are going to have a museum that is going to  recognize the people like Mary Sue and the Fitzgeralds--Kristin, Nora,  Maggie, and Lucy.   We have to make sure that we continue this fight. Even after today's  bipartisanship is shown, we have to make sure that we stand together in  a bipartisan way, because if we don't, then we don't have the ability  to get a brighter future for Nora, Maggie, and Lucy Fitzgerald, along  with their mom, Kristin.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, please,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   