 Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, let me say  first that I appreciate my colleague from Wisconsin's work on this  issue. It is an important issue. It is one that our committee has been  working diligently on.   Since the beginning of the COVID crisis, we have held five hearings  and a roundtable on exactly this issue--exploring and doing oversight  on the national stockpile and its supply chain vulnerability. Just  today, we marked up five pieces of legislation very similar to what my  colleague from Wisconsin is introducing here and trying to pass by  unanimous consent. The five pieces are the Federal Emergency Pandemic  Response Act, Securing Healthcare Response and Equipment Act, National  Response Framework Improvement Act, National Infrastructure Simulation  and Analysis Center Pandemic Modeling Act, and finally--this one  closest to my colleague's bill--the PPE Supply Chain Transparency Act,  which is actually the piece of legislation we have had the most  discussion on--two amendments, including a second-degree amendment to  one amendment--before passing it unanimously. So our committee has done  a lot of work.   My concern about what my colleague is doing here--trying to pass this  by unanimous consent--is by and large bypassing the committee process.  It is true her staff reached out to my staff a couple of weeks ago. We  asked, have you vetted it through the Department? Apparently, she has  begun that process, but this piece of legislation has not been properly  vetted. It has not gone through the proper and full committee process.   Again, without expressing an opinion on a piece of legislation but  also acknowledging the fact that our committee has done a lot of work-- passed five pieces of legislation on a nonpartisan basis today because  we are concerned about this as well--I have to object.    Madam President, in reserving the right to object, let  me start out by saying that I agree with virtually everything my  colleagues from both Massachusetts and Texas have said about  celebrating the emancipation of the slaves. That was an important  moment in U.S. history. It should be observed, and it should be  celebrated. I have no disagreement whatsoever with that at all. The one  area of disagreement is how the bill's sponsors have chosen to  celebrate that holiday.   As the Senator from Massachusetts pointed out, since 1865, it has  been observed with celebrations and cookouts, which is the appropriate  way of doing this. I object to the fact that, by naming it a national  holiday--and what they are leaving out of their argument and its main  impact--it will give Federal workers a paid day off that the rest of  America will have to pay for.   When I asked for a CBO score, the sponsors of the bill had not even  obtained a score, and I still don't think they have obtained a score.  The estimate, in terms of what it will cost American taxpayers in the  private sector to pay for a paid holiday for Federal workers, is about  $600 million per year. The CBO score would come in at $6 billion over  10.   In terms of why I object, let me just put a couple of facts to that  $600 million bill that hard-working taxpayers would have to foot in an  era when we are $26.5 trillion in debt and when 17 million of our  fellow Americans are currently unemployed.   The first chart here--let's just talk about how many days off Federal  workers get currently.   I have two columns--minimum and maximum. For paid holidays, they get  10, which is pretty generous. Most people in the private sector get  something similar--7, 8, 9, or 10. For paid leave days, there is a  minimum of 13, up to 26; for paid sick days, 13, minimum and maximum.   What we just added in last year's NDAA was paid parental leave, which  allows an individual--either mother or father, with either a natural  childbirth or an adoption--60 days of paid leave.   So for a total, at a minimum, there are 96 days, up to 109 days if  they take paid parental leave.   Looked at a different way, as a ratio, if they take the maximum  number of 109 days, that is, basically, for every 1.4 days you work,  you get a day off. On a minimum basis with paid parental leave, for  every 1.7 days you work, you get a day off.   Now, again, I realize the paid parental leave is a ``just a few times  in somebody's career'' phenomenon, so let's take a look at this without  paid parental leave, and it will show that the number of days with pay  that Federal workers get off is still quite generous.   Again, paid holidays, they get 10; paid leave, 13, up to 26; paid  sick leave, 13, for a total of 36 to 49.   So, again, going back to that ratio, the maximum number of days  without paid parental leave, a Federal worker can work 4.3 days and  then get a day off--basically a 4-day workweek for the entire year.  That is quite generous.   So what I am objecting to is creating a national holiday that gives  Federal workers another day off with pay, paid for by the American  taxpayer, and we are collectively already $26.5 trillion in debt.   Last slide. I would like to just, in general, talk about the private  sector pay versus Federal worker pay. I know there are some disputes  about this in terms of education and that type of thing, but still,  this is pretty solid information.   The 2018 average annual wage--just wages, salary or wages--for  Federal workers is over $94,000. For private sector workers, the  average is about $63,000 or about 67 percent of what a Federal worker  makes.   When you add in benefits, total compensation, the average total  compensation for Federal workers in 2018 was $136,000, just shy of  $136,000. In the private sector, the total cost of compensation is a  little more than $75,000--55 percent of what Federal Government workers  make.   So if you strip out and just compare the benefits, again, we are  talking about an extra paid day off, an extra paid holiday for only  Federal workers to celebrate Juneteenth, paid for by American workers  who make about $12,000, on average per benefit, compared to $41,000 in  benefits for Federal workers. That is only 29 percent.   So those are the facts. Again, that is what I object to.   Again, I am happy to celebrate Juneteenth. I think we should  celebrate the fact that we did remove that original sin by emancipating  the slaves. That is a day of celebration. I agree with that. I simply  don't believe we should make American taxpayers in the private sector  pony up $600 million a year, $6 billion over 10 years, to give Federal  workers, who already are paid quite generously and have quite a few  days off one more paid day off.   So what I am proposing--again, I don't object to Juneteenth and a  celebration, but if we are going to make that a Federal holiday, the  main impact of that is giving Federal workers a paid day off. I would  just suggest this: Why don't we take away one of their days of paid  leave?   So I have an amendment at the desk, and I would ask that the Senator  from Massachusetts modify his request to include my amendment at the  desk; that the amendment be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, and to  quickly respond to the Senator from Massachusetts, I am not taking  anything away from Federal workers. I am just not willing to give them  an extra day paid.  [[Page S4392]]    So if we create Juneteenth as a Federal paid holiday, they will get  an extra day, and I am just saying let's keep them whole by removing a  paid leave day, and then they will have the exact same number of days  off as they have currently, and the American taxpayer will not be out  an extra $600 million per year or $6 billion over 10 years.   I object.   