 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding.   I also recognize Al Green, who was going to do the same thing. Al  Green is a Democrat. Those stories don't get reported very much when  you go to a colleague, a friend, a Democrat, and say, ``Hey, I really  want a few minutes so I can talk about my parents,'' and he was happy  to do that, but he just ran out of time and had to run to the plane.  So, my thanks to him.   It was about this time 5 years ago that I came to the floor to honor  my mom and dad, Gene and Kathleen Shimkus, as they were celebrating  their 65th wedding anniversary. It was my hope that I would do so again  this week, honoring their 70th wedding anniversary, but that was not to  be. My mom passed away on April 6 of this year.   Now, as I have done this week a couple of times, it is time to thank  my parents for their incredible support throughout my life and  particularly these last 24 years.   My mom and dad were both local Collinsville kids. Dad was raised on  South Clinton by his grandparents, and my mom was raised on Fairway  Boulevard in State Park. So from Collinsville High School, Holy Cross  Lutheran Church, and raising seven children, they knew a lot of people.   Mom kept the local yard sign book. It was difficult for anyone to  tell my mom no. She was loved. My dad would put up the yard signs and  take them down. Mom also was involved in many early envelope stuffing  parties for political mailings.   Mom and dad covered the parades in Madison County, those that I  attended and those that I could not. Dad drove and mom organized the  walkers, signs, and candy. She helped fill the ranks with  grandchildren, especially Adam, Gene, Elizabeth, Niki, Tim, Terry, and  Dusty. And when out-of-state grandchildren were in town, they, too,  were drafted to fill the ranks. Among these were Matthew, Maria, and  Emily, along with Jennifer and Katy. Of course, I already spoke about  my sons, about David's, Joshua's, and Daniel's participation in these  parades.   Mom and dad could be counted on to watch our kids at a moment's  notice. Dad picked me up from the airport when rides failed. It would  be dad who would respond quickly when we locked ourselves out of the  car or locked ourselves out of the house. And who can forget the Minnie  Winnie that they purchased to make it easier for my family to get  around during the 1996 campaign.   Mom was elected to my open township seat. She served for 20 years.  She loved being a trustee and supporting the local senior center run by  the township.   She continued to be friends to all, even those who identified as  political opponents. In a story covering her retirement, she called  herself the independent grandma. She referred to herself as the momma  bear protecting her cubs. She sure defended me. She went on the attack  against those who she thought were inappropriately attacking her son.   Collinsville has historically been a blue-collar and Democratic  community. But the Collinsville Democrats are conservative Democrats.  They support organized labor, attend church, are fiscally conservative,  and support the right to life and the Second Amendment. The love and  respect that the community had for my parents allowed them to give me,  a Republican, a chance at elected office.   I still believe that family is the major building block of our  society. My family is the building block that I stood on multiple times  as I served the people of southern Illinois. I am not sure I could have  even taken on the challenge to run without the help of my mom and dad.  I recognize their sacrifice and support and thank them.   Hebrews 4:9 says, ``There remains, then, a Sabbath-rest for the  people of God.'' My mom is enjoying her Sabbath-rest, but we still miss  her.   