 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are here in the waning hours of  2020, expectant and hopeful about the coming year, and I want to wish  all of my colleagues a very healthy and happy new year in the hope that  we will fulfill the promise of our constituents, our country, our  Constitution in moving forward to meet and conquer the pandemic that  still ravages our Nation and to renew our economy that still is  failing.   We are the greatest Nation in the history of the world, and Americans  are hurting. This body has taken positive and important steps toward  meeting this public health and economic crisis, as well as the hurt and  harm that continue to plague Americans.   In a number of important relief packages, we have helped to meet  those needs and enabled the Nation to bridge the gap created by this  pandemic--an economic gap that has become a chasm, a cliff that seems  without end and, for many of our fellow citizens, a time of  unparalleled and unanticipated pain.   The relief package that we passed most recently--I think we can be  proud to say--is the second largest in our Nation's history, and it  will provide a second round of paycheck protection loans, forgivable,  becoming grants, so that small businesses can keep their doors open;  more aid for our transportation and education systems; money to  distribute the vaccine that will be a lifesaver for so many Americans;  and other important aid, including a $600 stimulus payment for every  American who is making less than $75,000. That is real assistance for a  family of four--$2,400--because every child, as well as adult, will  receive that money.   But all of that $906 billion is only a downpayment. It is a life  raft, and it has to be followed by an even more robust, bigger, bolder  package to provide real relief and sustenance for the survival of our  economy and, literally, the survival of Americans who are struggling to  put food on the table and to buy medicine, pay rent and mortgages,  clothe their children.   We have all told our stories on the floor of the Senate during 2020  about constituents waiting in food lines, hurting for the funds needed  to stay in their home or apartment and to pay for the medicine that is  literally a matter of life and death.   We have told those stories. We have talked about Americans who are  struggling. We have the opportunity now to do something about it, so I  appeal to my Republican colleague very bluntly and simply: Give us a  vote on the CASH Act. Let us vote on a stand-alone $2,000 stimulus  payment bill. Allow every one of us to go on record on that $2,000  stimulus payment bill that would add $1,400 to that $600 already  provided--not to minimize the importance of $600, but it is  inadequate. It is insufficient. It is unacceptable because it fails to  provide the basic needs to meet the desperate and dire straits of so  many Americans.    We are talking about families who need that money to buy bread and  milk, paper towels and toilet paper, goods and services that are  necessary to the survival of their families. Six hundred dollars is  simply not enough, and that is why I call on my fellow colleagues to  persuade their leaders that we should be permitted this vote, because I  believe that if there is a vote, it will pass. Having spoken to  Republican colleagues here, I have no doubt--none--that the stand-alone  $2,000 stimulus payment measure would pass overwhelmingly, just as did  the $600 payment as part of the larger bill.   The simple fact is, that measure is the only viable vehicle. Any  other measure loaded with other provisions, whether it is the section  230 reform or a commission to investigate the last election on  fictitious fraud, is doomed. It is doomed logistically. It is doomed  legally and physically. There is no way for the House to pass it.   Only the House bill, if passed, can provide Americans with the $2,000  stimulus payment that they so desperately need. Only the House bill  provides that relief. Any other measure will be doomed because the  House cannot come back to pass it in the time we have left in this  session. So the majority leader is essentially blocking a step that  will literally save lives, supported by the vast majority of the  American people, a significant part of his own conference, and every  Democrat.   Have no doubt--every Democrat will vote for it. We clamored for a  higher stimulus payment for months when the majority leader refused to  come to the table and then when the President of the United States  failed to lift a finger--he was on the golf course--when it  [[Page S7990]]  might have made a difference in raising that $600 amount higher during  the negotiating.   Looking forward, there is a way to provide this relief to Americans  without leaving here in a contest of blame but in a new year of mutual  congratulation. Pass the $2,000 stimulus payment plan as a stand-alone,  clean bill.   I just want to say that I am probably the only Senator who has  supported two measures--one of them actually passed by the Congress and  signed by the President to reform section 230 and the other unanimously  voted out of the Judiciary Committee. They reformed section 230, and I  support reforming section 230. I have hardly been uncritical of section  230. There should be major reform of section 230, but it has to be done  in a careful, deliberate, and considered way as a separate measure, not  as a meat ax in a totally unrelated bill, the $2,000 payment bill that  provides real relief for the country.   Loading the CASH Act with poison pills is obstruction. It is not  constructive legislating, and it fails to meet the test of this moment.  It is vital that we move forward to provide struggling Americans with  this relief, and scuttling the $2,000 stimulus payment bill with a  half-baked, meat-ax evisceration of section 230 is cruel and downright  stupid. It betrays the mission and obligation that we have in these  waning days of 2020.   Americans need more help, and they need hope. Help and hope are  embodied in the vaccine. Unfortunately, the rollout of this vaccine,  despite the $8 billion contained in the latest pandemic relief bill,  has been hopelessly behind schedule. The number of doses distributed is  roughly one-tenth of what it should be even under the scaled-back  schedule that this administration has adopted. Twenty million  vaccinations were promised by the end of the year. That number was way  below the initial promise, and only about one-tenth of them--probably 2  million--will actually be provided.   Instead of taking responsibility or taking control, President Trump  is still tweeting; instead of action, more talk. Only action will save  lives, and either he doesn't care enough, or he doesn't really see what  is necessary to do in order to save these lives, because the  distribution of this vaccine is a matter of life and death.   Using the Defense Production Act, mobilizing America, making sure  States have the resources they need, providing money to hospitals, and  making sure there are the vials, syringes, training for workers, as  well as the facilities to transport, store, and distribute this  vaccine, are essential now. They are missing at this moment, and the  President is where the buck stops.   Now I look forward to a 2021 when a new President will expand the  stimulus payments to individuals and when many of the other gaps left  unfinished--action that still is necessary--will be fulfilled by  another, more robust, bigger, bolder pandemic relief program. I hope we  will have the same bipartisan support that we saw at the end of this  year for the latest. I hope we will overcome the divisions that  prevented us from doing what is really necessary and adding $1,400 to  the $600 already provided.   We need to do more for small businesses. Yes, there will be another  round of PPP payments, but this chasm faced by restaurants, retailers,  and small businesses struggling to keep their doors open, keep their  people on payroll during the holidays--we have seen them all and talked  to them. Their stories are riveting and heartbreaking. Businesspeople  have poured their hearts and souls and lives into these businesses,  only to see them threatened with extinction.   This crisis has a racial justice aspect that cannot be ignored  because disproportionately, the businesses that have failed are Black-  and Brown-owned. Disproportionately, the lives lost have been in Black  and Brown communities. Disproportionately, the jobs lost have been in  those same communities--Black and Brown communities that have suffered  more than any other as a result of this pandemic. So we need to make  sure that they receive the vaccine as well as the therapeutics and  testing that are necessary to save lives.   We are in the midst of a racial justice moment that affects policing  and criminal justice, but it also affects our schools, where the ZIP  Code of a child's residence can mean the difference between a quality  education or not; where Black and Brown communities suffer twice or  three times the death rate of others as a result of this pandemic;  where job discrimination still exists and where, in housing, redlining  still afflicts these communities; and where environmental quality-- rivers, lakes, air can still be disproportionately contaminated and  polluted in communities inhabited by Black and Brown people.   We are here in the last day of an unprecedented and catastrophic  year. More than 342,000 of our fellow Americans are dead as a result of  this insidious virus--over 342,000 gifts unwrapped, places at the table  left open, and many of them without a final goodbye. This past year  will go down as one of the hardest in our history.   I think we all hope for a better year, but it will come only if we  take the kind of action that apparently my Republican colleagues are  failing to provide today, which is to meet the need to match the moment  of the desperate and dire straits of so many Americans.   The failure to approve an additional $1,400 and pass the CASH Act is  a haunting omission. My hope is that the hopes of a hurting nation will  be met in this new year, that the calls for justice and relief will be  heard, and that the ailing and sick--not just physically but  emotionally--will be met. This crisis has been one of physical health  care but also mental health care, and the emotional strains can be seen  in the rising rates of domestic violence, substance abuse disorder and  addiction, and so many other areas where mental and emotional stress  and anxiety have taken a toll. The hopes of a fearful and grieving  nation rests on our shoulders, and we cannot let them down.   I yield the floor.   