 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding,  and I join the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. Lesko) in urging my  colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can consider H. Res.  659.   Hydraulic fracturing provides enormous benefits to the American  people, including energy security, national security, economic growth,  and reduced carbon emissions.   The Baaken oil patch, stretching across western North Dakota, is an  essential contributor to producing 1.5 million barrels of oil per day  and over 2 billion cubic feet of associated gas per day.   The United States is uniquely situated in the world economy. We are  one of the very few if not the only country that is both food and  energy secure. I am proud that North Dakota is a big part of that  energy security.   Let us not forget that a mere 10 years ago, if Iran would have shot  down a U.S. drone, seized the British ship in the Strait of Hormuz,  conducted a terrorist attack on a Saudi oil facility, and shot rockets  at U.S. troops in Iraq, oil would have skyrocketed to over $115 a  barrel and stayed there.   Do you know what happened the day after those attacks? Oil went down  $1.29.   Fracking directly employs over 2 million Americans, including 35,000  people in my home State.   In 2020, the U.S. is expected to become a net energy exporter.   In 2019, we doubled our natural gas exports.   Fracking offsets other carbon energy sources, which the  Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has noted was an important  reason for reduction in greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S.   With continued technological advancements like carbon capture storage  and utilization, we can continue to develop these American energy  reserves while decreasing carbon emissions.    Simply put, America is stronger and our enemies are weaker because of  fracking. Any attempt to ban or limit fracking makes us less safe and  less prosperous.   A fracking ban will do nothing to reduce carbon emissions--in fact,  it will do the opposite--but it will destroy my entire State's economy  and send us back to the days where we rely on OPEC to fuel our economy.    Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Johnson and  Congressman Gianforte for their efforts to make our Federal Government  more efficient and accountable with these commonsense reforms.   The Republican Study Committee's GEAR Task Force report is a  solutions-based plan to reduce the government's size and inefficiency.   Anyone who has dealt with the Federal Government knows the  frustration that the bureaucratic process can bring. Unnecessary  government delays to infrastructure projects have a particularly  damaging effect on economic growth and job creation.   Madam Speaker, I thank the Republican Study Committee for including  my bill, H.R. 3671, the Federal Permitting Reform and Jobs Act, in the  report. This bipartisan bill will streamline and modernize the Federal  infrastructure permitting process.   The Federal Permitting Reform and Jobs Act will build on the reforms  that were included in the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act  of 2015, otherwise known as FAST-41.   My bill would make permanent the FAST-41 provisions and enact  additional reforms, such as a 2-year deadline for the permitting  process.   FAST-41 ensures coordination among several Federal agencies to  streamline the permitting process for the largest infrastructure  projects.   The Federal Permitting Reform and Jobs Act would expand these types  of projects that would qualify for this streamlined process: simply  put, more projects completed in a shorter period of time at a reduced  cost.   This is a win for jobs; this is a win for infrastructure  improvements; this is a win for reforming the Federal bureaucracy and  providing Americans with a more efficient and effective government.   