 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, there are seven legislative days remaining on the House  calendar before this Chamber is scheduled to recess for more than a  month. As every Member of this body knows, Americans are counting on us  to use this time to respond to the sustained impact of the pandemic on  our communities.   Unfortunately, our constituents are left waiting as partisanship  continues to block compromise and political interests continue to stand  in the way of efforts to deliver relief to our constituents.   For this reason, I support efforts to defeat the previous question  and bring up commonsense legislation to support America's small  businesses during this unprecedented crisis.   The Paycheck Protection Program has been a critical, bipartisan  success and an important example of what we can achieve when we work  together for the good of the American people. In my district alone, PPP  loans have delivered critical assistance to thousands of local  businesses and helped save nearly 200,000 jobs.   Although these loans played a pivotal role in helping small  businesses navigate the immediate impact of the pandemic, many still  face a dire economic outlook and uncertain road to recovery.   Absent congressional action, entrepreneurs and business owners across  this great country will have no choice but to close their doors.   If the previous question is defeated, my colleagues will bring up  legislation to authorize a second round of PPP loans for America's most  vulnerable businesses and extend the program through the end of 2020.   Critically, this bill will also set aside funds for our smallest  businesses and make necessary simplifications to the loan forgiveness  process. These provisions are not only critical to protecting our  country's 30 million small businesses and the jobs they create; they  represent a commitment to relief measures both parties can agree on.   Considering these changes would represent a critical first step in  bringing bipartisan relief measures to the floor and delivering  comprehensive relief for every American.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to defeat the previous  question.  [[Page H4729]]        