 Mr. President, I am one of the few Senators who  have appointed people to the bench, and I take this very seriously. I  believe in selecting judges who respect the separation of powers and  the proper role of the judiciary in our democratic system.   Their job isn't to make policy; it is to uphold the rule of law. We  can't have judicial activism--something my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle refuse to accept. The Democrats have made it clear they  care more about the election than performing their constitutional duty  to confirm judges. Because the Democrats only want judicial activists,  they can't understand a judge who has no plan to change the law and the  Constitution to align with their personal beliefs about how Americans  should be governed. The Democrats won't engage in this process even  though they know Judge Barrett is highly qualified.   When I was appointing judges as Governor, I would ask each candidate  one question: Do you understand your role and the distinct branches of  government? Do you want to make policy, or do you want to uphold the  law as written?   That is exactly what I asked Judge Amy Coney Barrett when we met. She  could not have been more clear in our meeting and throughout the  Judiciary Committee hearings last week. Judge Barrett is a nominee of  indisputable credentials and qualifications and will fulfill the proper  role of a judge envisioned by the Framers when they designed the three- branch system of government in our Constitution.   The Democratic attempts to attack Judge Barrett for her faith fell  flat. Quite the opposite, her faith and her commitment to family have  earned her the utmost respect. The Democrats were left grasping at  straws during last week's hearing because they clearly can't question  her qualifications.   Her record is irrefutable. Judge Barrett's academic, professional,  and judicial records clearly demonstrate her devotion to following the  rule of law. She strictly adheres to the original meaning of the  Constitution's provisions, setting forth the fundamental rights,  liberties, and protections on which this great country was founded.   As Professor Prakash eloquently stated in Judge Barrett's nomination  hearing, the ABA's rating of Judge Barrett as ``well qualified'' is an  understatement. I am proud to support Judge Barrett's nomination, and I  look forward to voting to confirm her to serve as an Associate Justice  of the U.S. Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.   