 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this en bloc amendment,  which includes my bill turned into an amendment to authorize the  construction of an access road to the Desert Sage Youth Wellness Center  in Hemet, California, in my district.   The Desert Sage Youth Wellness Center is the only Indian Health  Service youth treatment center in the entire State of California. The  only way to get to the facility, however, is by traversing a dirt road  that cracks in the heat and washes out in the rain.   The Indian Health Service wasn't able to secure the right-of-way to  pave the access road, so my amendment would give the Indian Health  Service the authority to improve and pave the access road to give  Tribal youth safe and secure passage to this facility so they can  receive treatment and individual counseling in a culturally appropriate  way that they need to reach their full potential.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his support of my amendment to  improve the infrastructure of the Indian Health Service facility in my  district and for his work on H.R. 2, the Moving Forward Act.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the en bloc amendment and  urge support for my two amendments that are included.   My first amendment would take land in the San Jacinto and Santa Rosa  Mountains into trust for the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians to  fulfill an agreement between the Agua Caliente and the Bureau of Land  Management. This bill would help consolidate the checkerboard pattern  of land ownership and allow the Tribe to better manage their ancestral  lands which contain numerous significant cultural sites, trails, and  other elements of their history.   My second amendment, the Tribal Internet Advancement Act, would  expand broadband access in Indian Country by adding Tribal lands as a  priority for broadband expansion under the FCC's Universal Service  Fund.   Last year, the FCC issued a report in response to my bill, the Tribal  Broadband Deployment Act, which showed that Tribal nations lag far  behind the rest of the population in broadband access. This lack of  access to broadband is a significant barrier to economic advancement,  education, and, as now evident, telemedicine during the pandemic, and  well-being.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge support for my amendment and H.R. 2, the  Moving Forward Act, in order to close the digital divide in Indian  Country.   