 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, may I say that it is a pleasure to  speak to the Senate with the new Senator from Georgia presiding for the  first time, at least, that I have had this occasion.   Well, here we are. The impeachment outcome is settled, as it was from  day one. In my view, the facts are clear, the conduct impeachable, and  the obstruction unprecedented.   In my view, this impeachment process ran into a partisan wall, and  the Senate's part was to deny the American people the most basic  elements of a fair trial: witnesses and evidence.   Alexander Hamilton, years ago, warned us of what he called the  ``greatest danger'' in impeachments, ``that the decision will be  regulated more by the comparative strength of parties, than by the real  demonstrations of innocence or guilt.''   In my view, that danger has met us.   As a boy I often sang a hymn with the stanza that ``to every man and  nation comes the moment to decide, in the strife of truth with  falsehood, for the good or evil side.''   In my view, the Senate chose the wrong side.   We are obviously going to disagree about a lot here, so let me focus  on two thoughts that perhaps we can agree on.  [[Page S822]]    One is that what we have done here should carry little weight as  precedent. Politics cast very long shadows over this proceeding. This  was not our finest hour, by any stretch, and much of what was said and  done here should not be repeated, let alone treated as precedent.   I hope history treats this episode as an aberration, not a precedent.   Too many things that are right and proper had to be bent or broken to  get to the preordained result, and too much of what was said by White  House counsel was not only wrong but disgraceful.   The presentation in this Chamber by White House counsel was  characterized by smarminess, smear, elision, outright misstatement, and  various dishonest rhetorical tricks that I doubt they would dare pull  before judges.   Knowing that we were a captive and silent audience, knowing the  outcome was predetermined in their favor, and grandstanding for a TV  audience, particularly an audience of one, they delivered a performance  that leaves a stain on the pages of the Senate Record.   Perhaps there will be consequences for some of their conduct in our  Chamber.   The conduct of White House counsel in the Trump impeachment trial  raise grave concerns.   A staunch Republican friend, who is an able and eminent lawyer,  emailed me about a White House counsel argument, calling it ``the most  shocking thing I have seen a `serious' lawyer say in my entire legal  career.'' He referred to Professor Dershowitz, but the conduct of White  House counsel in this matter has indeed been shocking far beyond the  excesses of Professor Dershowitz.   In some cases, we do not know who pays them. Mr. Sekulow is evidently  anonymously paid, with dark money, through a mail drop box. Who is he  working for here? Does his secret benefactor create a conflict for him?  We should know.   Among them are lawyers who appear to have grave professional  conflicts. They represent the President although they are fact  witnesses to conduct charged in the impeachment. This concern was  brought to their attention by House letter on January 21, 2020, putting  them on notice. They ignored the letter.   The House argued that members of the White House counsel team  actually administered a massive cover-up, using extreme and  unprecedented arguments to protect a blanket defiance against  congressional inquiry into alleged Presidential misdeeds, with the  intent to hide evidence of those misdeeds.   There is new evidence that counsel were not just fact witnesses, but  present at meetings in which the scheme at issue was advanced, and the  misconduct alleged was confessed to, by the President. Being present  during the commission of the offense and witness to an overt act in  furtherance of the alleged scheme is more grave than being a mere fact  witness. This needs further inquiry, but it raises the question of  actual participation in the crime or fraud or misconduct at issue,  which would waive their attorney-client privilege.   They have not been candid about the law. They have argued over and  over that they will delay the Senate proceedings by litigation in  United States District Courts if we allow witnesses or subpoenas,  mentioning only once, in their pretrial brief, the case of Walter Nixon  v. United States, where the Supreme Court save the federal Judiciary  ``no role'' in senate impeachment proceedings, warning ``that opening  the door of judicial review to the procedures used by the Senate in  trying impeachments would `expose the political life of the country to  months, or perhaps years, of chaos,' '' the very delay White House  lawyers have threatened.   Further investigation may reveal whether various counsel made, or  permitted co-counsel to make, arguments at odds with facts to which  they were witness, thereby deliberately misleading the Senate. For a  lawyer to participate in or be immediate witness to criminal or  impeachable wrongful activity; and then practice as a counsel in  matters related to that criminal or impeachable or wrongful activity;  and then conceal from that tribunal what they knew about that criminal  or impeachable or wrongful activity, and even affirmatively mislead  that tribunal about the misconduct as they witnessed it, would be  attorney misconduct of the gravest nature.   In light of these problems, one recurring argument by White House  counsel takes on new meaning. In an often conflated argument, White  House counsel insisted that no crime was alleged in the House of  Representatives' Articles of Impeachment and that there was no crime  committed. If, as recent evidence suggests, at least one White House  counsel was present at and participated in a meeting in furtherance of  the scheme at issue, the argument that the scheme was not criminal is  deeply self-serving. That self-serving nature is precisely why counsel  under that sort of conflict of interest should not appear in  proceedings addressing conduct which they witnessed, which they aided  or abetted, or in which they participated.   White House counsel used their time before us to smear non-parties;  to present virtual political commercials; to misstate, exaggerate or  mislead about legal propositions; to misstate, exaggerate or mislead  about factual propositions; to misstate, exaggerate or mislead about  House managers' arguments; and to float conspiracy theories and  unsupported political charges to the public audience. In some cases,  arguments are deeply unfair: for instance, calling secondary witnesses'  testimony hearsay and secondhand at the same time they are blocking the  direct witnesses' testimony. It was in sum, a sordid spectacle, one  that few if any courts would have tolerated. They came into our House,  and dirtied it.   So enough of my professional disgust with their performance, but let  us agree that this ought not be precedent.   Let us also agree on something else. There is one particular argument  the White House made that we should trample, discard, and put out into  the trash: the notion that a U.S. district court can supervise our  Senate impeachment proceeding. I truly hope we can agree on this.   As a Court of Impeachment, we are constituted at the Founders'  command. The Chief Justice presided in that seat at the Founders'  command. We convened as a body at the Founders' command. And at the  Founders' command, the Senate--the Senate--has the sole power to try  all impeachments.   Every signal from the Constitution directs that we try impeachments  and no part of the Senate's power to do so is conferred anywhere else  in the government. It is on us.   The President's counsel proposed that they may interrupt the Senate's  trial of impeachment, delay the Senate's trial of impeachment, in order  to go down the street to the U.S. district court to litigate our trial  determinations about evidence and privilege--determinations in our  proceeding.   There are three arguments against that proposition. The most obvious  one is the Constitution. The Constitution puts the trial in the hands  of the Senate sitting as a Court of Impeachment and makes no mention of  any role for any court to supervise or pass on the Senate's conduct of  this trial. It is simply not in the Constitution.    The second argument is the improbability--the improbability--that the  Founders would convene the U.S. Senate as a Court of Impeachment, bring  the managers of the U.S. House of Representatives over here to present  their charges, put the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court into  that chair to preside over the trial, give the Senate the sole power to  try the impeachment, and then allow a defendant to run down the street  to a district judge and interrupt the proceedings. That idea is  contrary to common sense as well as constitutional order.   The impeachment provisions of the Constitution were adopted by the  Founders in September of 1787, after that long, hot summer in  Philadelphia, and ratified with the Constitution in 1788. The Judiciary  Act establishing lower courts did not pass until 1789. It is hard to  imagine that the Founders meant the proceedings and determinations of  our Senate Court of Impeachment to be subject to the oversight of a  judge down the road from us whose office did not even exist at the  time.   The Founders in the Constitution put this squarely on us. No one else  is mentioned. It is our ``sole Power.'' It is the duty of the Chief  Justice under the Constitution to preside over the trial.  [[Page S823]]  It is his duty to make appropriate rulings. And it is on us to live  with that, unless--as we may--we choose to overrule the Chief Justice  as a body, by recorded vote, and live with that. We run this trial--the  Senators, the Senate--no one else. We are responsible to the people of  the United States to run this trial. We were trusted by the Founders to  live up to those responsibilities.   When we sit as a Court of Impeachment, it is all on us. The Founders  put it squarely on us. We took that job when we took our oaths. That  means we control the trial rulings, the timing, the evidence  determinations, and the privileges we will accept. We can accept the  rulings of the Chief Justice or we can reverse them, but it is our job.   Previous impeachments record the Senate making just such rulings.  Never has the Senate referred such a ruling to a court. Indeed, in  Walter Nixon v. United States, 506 U.S. 224, a 1993 decision, the  Supreme Court held that Federal courts have no power to review  procedures used by the Senate in trying impeachments, that it was a  nonjusticiable political question, and that ``the Judiciary, and the  Supreme Court in particular, were not chosen to have any role in  impeachments.''   The Supreme Court in that decision even foresaw the delays that White  House Counsel threatened us with and saw them as an argument against  any judicial role. The Court said that ``opening the door of judicial  review to the procedures used by the Senate in trying impeachments  would expose the political life of the country to months, or perhaps  years, of chaos,'' and the Court immediately went on to particularly  highlight that concern with respect to the impeachment of a President.   It would have been nice if White House Counsel, when they were in  this Chamber arguing for their threatened delays, would have addressed  this Supreme Court decision.   The Constitution, common sense, and our impeachment precedents all  put the responsibility for a Senate trial of impeachment squarely on  us. We should not--we should never--shirk that responsibility.   This has been a sad and sordid moment for the Senate. It has done  harm enough. Let it not provide any credit to this false White House  argument, and let this not be precedent for future Presidential  misconduct.   I yield the floor.   