 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, here it is November 18. It seems like the  election was a few years ago. Time is flying  [[Page S7066]]  by, but there is still a lot of work to be done here in the 116th  Congress.   I hope that our friends across the aisle will reconsider their  objections to working with us on another COVID-19 relief bill. I know  back home in Texas, many small businesses that received PPE loans are  uncertain, for example, what the tax consequences are going to be  associated with that. Many of them, for whom that was a lifeline, are  running out of that lifeline due to the passage of time.   We also know we need to pass an appropriations bill before the  December 11 deadline to both avoid a government shutdown and give our  government agencies the ability to plan and operate with certainty.   Of course, perhaps most significantly, we need to pass a final  version of the National Defense Authorization Act. The foremost  obligation of the Federal Government is the peace and security for the  American people. We do that by passing the defense authorization act  and funding our military each year on an annual basis. This bill  determines how we maintain our military bases, modernize our aircraft,  and invest in the next generation of aircraft and weaponry.   Of course, we know that our adversaries--most notably, countries like  China and Russia--are moving very quickly to modernize their military  and their weaponry in a way that could jeopardize the balance or the  deterrence of our current systems. It is very, very important.   This is also how we supply our servicemembers and their families with  the money they need to provide for their families. It is how we take  stock of the evolving threat landscape--things like hypersonic glide  vehicles--and ensure our country is taking active steps to counter  threats on the horizon.   The most important thing, I think, Ronald Reagan taught us or  reminded us of is ``peace through strength,'' that weakness is actually  a provocation to the bullies, tyrants, and dictators who will take  advantage of any opportunity. It causes instability and perhaps even  miscalculation and people taking risks that, ultimately, will lead to  armed conflict. The best thing we can do to maintain the peace is make  sure the United States of America remains the preeminent military force  on the planet.   Of course, it is no secret that, in recent years, China has emerged  as one of the greatest threats to world order. It is increasingly  belligerent and well resourced and continues to demonstrate a lack of  respect for basic human rights and dignities.   The challenge of China is they don't play by the rules. I know back  when China became part of the World Trade Organization, there was a  hope expressed that maybe by becoming part of the World Trade  Organization, they could join the other rules-based economies and  countries, but they have not. They continue to steal intellectual  property, and they continue to want to dominate the United States, both  economically and militarily, in the long run.   The Chinese Communist Party has made no secret of its desire to flex  its economic and political power throughout the world as evidenced by  their Made in China 2025 Initiative. It seeks to advance Chinese  dominance in high-tech manufacturing for everything from electric cars  to advanced robotics to artificial intelligence to seemingly innocuous  devices like jetways at airports.   One major component of this plan is semiconductor manufacturing, and  China is making serious headway. Since 2000, China has gone from  manufacturing zero chips to 16 percent of the global supply, and it  plans to invest another $1.4 trillion in the semiconductor technology.   Why is this important? Well, because these microcircuits that have  gotten smaller and smaller and smaller and make up the working  components in everything from iPhones to our weapons systems--these  have become harder and harder to manufacture.   In fact, one of the things this COVID virus has taught is the  vulnerability of our supply chains. Right now, one of the sole sources  of the most sophisticated semiconductor that goes into everything from  our iPhones to our national defense systems is manufactured overseas,  primarily in Taiwan.   While China has upped its production of semiconductors dramatically  and its investment, the U.S. has dropped to producing roughly a quarter  of the world's semiconductors to only 12 percent. That is a big  problem.   First is the obvious economic implications. Giving up a significant  global share of manufacturing means missing out on thousands--indeed  tens of thousands--of high-paying jobs that could be stationed right  here at home.   It also ignores the benefits of a strong U.S. manufacturing supply  chain to support products made by the United States and our trading  partners. Our growing dependence on others, including China, for  semiconductors also poses a serious national security risk.   As I said, these chips are everywhere. They are also critical  components to our infrastructure, things like cell towers, hospital  equipment, missile defense systems. Our most critical technologies rely  on a product we are looking for a country overseas to supply, whether  it is Taiwan or China or some other country.   Earlier this year, we, of course, experienced how dangerous that is.  It is as simple as things like personal protective equipment. China has  long been a major supplier of masks, gloves, and gowns, and other PPE  used by our healthcare workers. That didn't seem to be a problem  because they could always make it cheaper, but when the virus hit, we  found out it was a serious problem.   By the time the virus began spreading to the U.S., China had been  battling it for a number of weeks, maybe even months. So when it came  time for American hospitals, clinics, and healthcare providers to beef  up their supply of personal protective equipment, the supplies were  already depleted or we were dependent on China to produce them.   Healthcare workers did what they could by reusing masks throughout an  entire shift in order to conserve supplies. Hospitals were pleading  with the general public to donate any unused personal protective  equipment so their workforce could remain safe. We didn't reach that  point because of lack of preparation, but because of our reliance on  other countries, namely China, to produce that medical gear.   This has been a wake-up call, I think, for me and, I think, certainly  many others about our supply chain vulnerabilities. It is a clear  signal that we need to take action to secure other critical supply  chains.   When it comes to semiconductor manufacturing, that is easier said  than done. Building a new semiconductor foundry is a very, very  expensive undertaking. It simply will not happen without a robust  private-public partnership. We know our adversaries are making a big  down payment on their own semiconductor manufacturing.   The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development estimates  that 21 major semiconductor firms across a number of countries received  more than $50 billion in government support between 2014 and 2018. This  is not exactly a market that is going to depend purely on the private  sector. It is going to require the Federal Government to step up if we  are going to bring that manufacturing onshore and if we are going to  reduce our vulnerabilities, both from an economic and national security  perspective.   Some of the countries investing, though, in manufacturing these  technologies are South Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Ireland, Germany,  and--yes, you guessed it--China. We have lost ground to our global  competitors, and unless we take action, it is estimated that, by 2030,  83 percent of global semiconductor manufacturing will be in Asia--83  percent. We simply can't allow that to happen. The U.S. needs to make a  strategic investment in semiconductor manufacturing to regain lost  ground, and this year's National Defense Authorization Act includes the  critical first step.   I introduced a bill, along with our colleague, our friend from  Virginia, Senator Warner, called the CHIPS for America Act, and a  version of this bill was adopted as an amendment to the National  Defense Authorization Act. It had bipartisan support--a vote of 96 to  4. It will help restore American leadership in semiconductor  manufacturing by creating a Federal incentive program through the  Department of Commerce in order to encourage chip manufacturing here in  the United States.  [[Page S7067]]    In short, this will help stimulate domestic advanced semiconductor  manufacturing and boost both our national security and global  competitiveness. It will enable us to bring the manufacturing of these  critical devices back home and strengthen the supply chains for our  military systems, our critical infrastructure, telecommunications,  healthcare, agriculture, manufacturing, and virtually every other  industry you could name.   Senator Warner and I have worked closely with Senator Cotton, of  Arkansas, and with Senator Schumer, of New York, in drafting this  bipartisan amendment. I am glad our colleagues in the House have  approved a similar amendment to their legislation, and I am eager to  see the final version in the conference report. When the NDAA makes its  way to the President's desk, it will mark the 60th consecutive year in  which Congress has passed such bipartisan legislation to fund, supply,  and equip our Nation's military.   I appreciate the strong bipartisan support of Chairman Inhofe, of the  Committee on Armed Services, and Ranking Member Reed, and I am eager  for this legislation to come to the floor for a final vote, but the  next step is to secure funding for the programs to incentivize domestic  semiconductor manufacturing. We have been working with the  administration, particularly with Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Ross,  and Secretary Pompeo, who have identified this as a major vulnerability  and have worked with us to try to close that gap. I have enjoyed  working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that we  provide full funding for this legislation, but we are not there yet.   This is the key to our long-term national security and economic  competitiveness, and it is my top priority in the coming weeks as the  Senate prepares to consider appropriations bills. A secure  semiconductor supply chain will strengthen our national security, and  our economy will reap countless benefits by bringing these  manufacturing jobs back to the United States.   As we work to counter increasingly sophisticated adversaries around  the world, passing the National Defense Authorization Act and funding  these new programs could not be more important.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   