 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Ohio.   Madam Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues in voicing my great  concern with the substance of this bill and the broken process by which  it was produced. As we have all agreed, the issue of updating and  reforming the way in which our communities are policed and  strengthening the relationship between those brave Americans who serve  us in uniform and the communities they serve are matters of critical  importance.   The people of this country expect and deserve the Members of this  body to rise to this occasion and work together to find common ground  on solutions that will preserve the civil liberties of all people and  protect and honor the legitimacy of law enforcement. These are not  mutually exclusive pursuits.   Madam Speaker, at our hearing in the Committee on the Judiciary 2  weeks ago, you heard a little bit about that.   It is interesting the lens by which we see this. Anybody who watched  that, I think they could see that we all heard moving testimony.   George Floyd's brother, Philonise, was there. He testified in a very  moving way. Their family attorney was there, and a panel of experts  that we all heard from.   At that committee hearing, I, and all my Republican colleagues in the  markup that followed, expressed our sincere desire to work together and  find common ground with the Democrat majority to solve these problems.  We all agreed on the core reform issues.   We talked a lot about transparency and improving training and  improving termination ability for those rare individuals who serve in  law enforcement and violate the law, and the legitimacy that upholds  the character of our legal system.   We could have built consensus around those and other key ideas to  restore faith in our institutions and build trust in our communities.  But, unfortunately, just 10 days after introduction of the bill, the  majority marked up the final version that we are voting on today  without any opportunity for input from Republican Members. They blocked  us out of the room, and then denied us, as our ranking member,   Jim  Jordan, just said, they denied a dozen amendments--good-faith  amendments--that we brought to that process. What a tragedy that is.   Madam Speaker, you have to ask yourself, because my constituents are  asking themselves, people back home are asking why. Why would they do  that? Why would our colleagues on the other side shut us out of the  room, when everybody acknowledges this is a real problem, that we need  bipartisan solutions to it.   My good friend, Senator Tim Scott, explained it well yesterday in his  epic speech on the floor of the Senate after the Democrats on the other  side spiked and killed his bill. He explained the process: That he went  to Chuck Schumer, the leader over there, and the other Democrats, he  went to each of them individually to find out what their concerns were  with this bill to figure out how to fix it.  [[Page H2457]]    He offered first, in good faith, five amendments to the bill, then  20. Then he said he would do a manager's amendment, basically to change  much of the substance of his bill just to get something over the lines  so we could solve the problem. And you know what happened? They gave  him the stiff arm, to use our football metaphor.   Why is that? Because they want to preserve this as a wedge issue for  the elections in the fall. That is why.   And Tim Scott said it better than we could--and I commend every  American to watch the video of his speech on the floor. This reality  leaves us at an impasse today, and it makes perfectly clear that this  bill in its current form goes too far. As Congressman Jordan has  explained, it ties the hands of American law enforcement, jeopardizes  the safety of every American. We have to oppose it.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to do so, and it is a shame it  has come to this.   