 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Hawaii for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1049, the National  Heritage Area Act. I thank Chairman Grijalva and the staff of the  committee for their longtime support and effort here. And I thank  Ranking Member Bishop for recognizing the value of this legislation and  working with us on this.   The national heritage areas connect us, and perhaps more importantly,  future generations with the voices and places that have shaped who we  are as Americans. These sites deliver more than just a significant  economic return; they help us reveal the diverse and sometimes hidden  gems of our cultural heritage and fill us with a sense of place that  brings our complex history to life.   For the first time, this bill establishes a standardized set of  criteria for the designation of new national heritage areas and a  rigorous process for existing national heritage areas to ensure  accountability.   H.R. 1049 has 221 cosponsors, and strong bipartisan, and wide  geographic support that speaks to the value of this program locally and  nationally. Members recognize what heritage area investment means to  their given communities and regions, and similar proposals have been  introduced and championed by both the Bush and Obama administrations.   The National Heritage Area, or NHA, program is one of the Department  of the Interior's most cost-effective initiatives, relying on public- private partnerships in which every Federal dollar is matched with an  average of $5.50 in other funding.   For my part, I greatly appreciate the good that the Erie Canalway  National Heritage Corridor and the Maurice D. Hinchey Hudson River  Valley National Heritage Corridor have done for my district and for  upstate New York.   I commend the Alliance of National Heritage Areas and the National  Parks Conservation Association for their hard work on this critical  legislation.   I also want to thank my friends, our former colleague, Charlie Dent,  and Congressmembers McKinley and G.T. Thompson, for their hard work on  this legislation and continued support for heritage areas.   While the ranking member cited staff on both sides, I would endorse  that. I also add to the compliments my legislative person, Emily  Silverberg, for the outstanding work she has done and her longtime  dedication and devotion to the effort.   H.R. 1049 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I urge my colleagues  to support this legislation.   