 Madam President, during these past months, in the midst  of a pandemic that has kept most of us inside our homes, Americans have  grown to appreciate, in new ways, how critical each moment of fresh air  can  [[Page S2786]]  be to maintaining both our physical health and our mental well-being.   More people are getting outside than ever before, whether for a quick  walk in their local neighborhood park or by seeking solitude on the  many public lands held in trust for each and every American citizen.  Coming from a State that is blessed with expansive skies and remote  open spaces, I am convinced that investing in the future of our parks  and our public lands will be a key path for our Nation to recover from  the challenges we currently face.   That is why I am so proud that we are coming together this week to  bring the Great American Outdoors Act to the Senate floor for a vote.  Our bipartisan legislation will permanently and fully fund the Land and  Water Conservation Fund and finally dedicate real resources to begin  tackling the multibillion dollar infrastructure backlog in our national  parks, our national forests, and our wildlife refuges.   If you have spent time enjoying your local parks, trail systems,  ballfields or open space in the last 50 years, you have almost  certainly experienced the impact of the Land and Water Conservation  Fund. In New Mexico, LWCF has been instrumental in protecting some of  our most treasured public lands--places like the Valles Caldera  National Preserve with its trout streams, its high altitude meadows,  and its massive elk herd. I know it is hard to tell, but this is  actually me not catching a trout in the Valles Caldera National  Preserve, but it is OK because any day in the preserve is a good day.   It also helped us establish the Valle de Oro National Wildlife Refuge  in Albuquerque's South Valley, a place where young people will be  introduced to nature, many for the first time in a really meaningful  way, in a place that is at the heart of the local community now.   It purchased and protected the entirety--the entirety--of Ute  Mountain, which is now a centerpiece of the Rio Grande del Norte  National Monument. It almost boggles the mind to think about the scale  of that, but this entire mountain used to be private, and there was no  public access. Today, it is one of the most treasured places in Taos  County, a rural county that relies on recreation and fishing and  boating and camping to drive its economy.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund is also our most effective tool  for opening up public access to our public lands. Just recently, the  Land and Water Conservation Fund helped the Bureau of Land Management  acquire land parcels that finally opened up public access to the rugged  Sabinoso Wilderness in Northeastern New Mexico. This is Sabinoso, with  its narrow mesas and spectacular canyon walls, which had previously  been completely off limits to the public despite being part of the  national wilderness system. It had become entirely surrounded by public  land, so there wasn't a legal trail or a legal road to be able to enjoy  this place. Today, that landscape is something that the local community  and visitors from afar share on a daily basis.   LWCF also funds recreation areas in neighborhood parks, sports  fields, and communities all across our State and all across the Nation.   Last year, I was proud to be part of a successful bipartisan effort  here in the Senate to permanently reauthorize LWCF. However, without  guaranteed permanent funding, Congress still needs to approve LWCF  expenditures each year, year after year after year. This has resulted  in us falling far, far short of the $900 million per year commitment  that was originally intended when LWCF was established over five  decades ago. Permanently and fully funding LWCF will be a monumental  victory for conservation and the places where we all get outside.   It might well be the greatest investment that we can make that will  pay off for many generations to come because every $1 spent on LWCF  creates an additional $4 in economic value just in natural resources,  goods, and services. That doesn't account for the long-term growth in  the outdoor recreation sector and the tourism industry.   Teddy Roosevelt once said: ``Conservation means development as much  as it does protection.'' I believe that this type of investment in  conservation is exactly what President Roosevelt meant.   Now, to the second leg of our landmark Great American Outdoors Act:  We all know how important it is to rebuild the infrastructure in all of  our national parks. You can't enjoy visiting these iconic American  places if the bathrooms don't work, if the trails and the campgrounds  aren't open, and if the roads are in disrepair. These are places that  we are so proud of, that we cherish. From our oldest national parks,  like Yellowstone and Yosemite, to our Nation's newest national park-- one I am particularly close to--White Sands National Park in New  Mexico, they all deserve better   I am proud that the Great American Outdoors Act also includes  dedicated funding to address similar infrastructure needs in our  national forests, our wildlife refuges, and our Bureau of Land  Management lands. We have also included dedicated funding to address  the unacceptable maintenance backlog at schools managed by the Bureau  of Indian Education. There are many BIE schools that serve students  across Indian country that are in truly dangerous states of disrepair.   Through this legislation, we are finally going to make major progress  on providing these students the kinds of safe schools and educational  facilities that they truly deserve.   In the wake of our current economic crisis, rebuilding all this  critical infrastructure will provide tens of thousands of new jobs  across the Nation. It is estimated that just investing in fixing the  National Park Service's infrastructure alone would generate nearly  110,000 new jobs. These investments will also create a lasting heritage  that will grow the outdoor recreation economy and provide us all with  more opportunities to get outside. We know this can work.   The last time we as a nation faced an economic downturn on the scale  of what we are experiencing today, Americans turned to our public  lands. At the height of the Great Depression, Franklin Delano Roosevelt  understood well that out-of-work Americans were not without worth but,  rather, that they could leave an indelible mark on our country.   Now, over the years, I have been lucky to have met many of the men  who served in the New Deal's Civilian Conservation Corps, or ``CCC  boys,'' as they often referred to themselves as. While most of these  men have now passed away, sadly, the trails, the visitor centers, and  the other important infrastructure on our public lands that they had so  much pride in building almost a century ago continue to serve this  Nation.   Throughout our long recovery, we will be a stronger nation if we can  provide a new generation of Americans with meaningful opportunities to  serve their country and leave their mark. There is so much work we need  to do to rebuild our country.   In the midst of a real national reckoning on race over these recent  weeks and as we continue to face the most severe economic and public  health crises in generations, we should all be thinking about how we  can rebuild our country in a way that includes all of us.   I firmly believe that this urgent goal is intertwined in our efforts  this week in the Senate to grow opportunities in our great American  outdoors. That is because our public lands and outdoor spaces are  fundamental to who we are as Americans. They are the places where we  can each find a real sense of belonging in this great country of ours.  I think we must frankly acknowledge the uncomfortable truth that the  outdoors has not always seemed like such a welcoming and accessible  place for all Americans. Many of our national parks have a fraught  history with the Tribal nations whose ancestral lands they are on. In  New Mexico, many of our national forests were established on the very  same lands that were deeded as land grants to families by the Spanish  Crown.   Our public lands agencies have not always recognized that history,  and there remains much more hard work ahead to provide meaningful seats  at the table in the management of these landscapes to the communities  whose heritage and living cultural ties date back hundreds and, in some  cases, even thousands of years on these lands.   We must also recognize that outdoor excursions, which many of us,  frankly, just take for granted, are not always within reach for all of  us. I grew up exploring the outdoors on my family's  [[Page S2787]]  ranch and on surrounding lands, and I strongly believe that just one  opportunity to get outside can change a child's whole world. It can  inspire a lifetime commitment to conservation and encourage the health  benefits that come with an active lifestyle.   Far too many kids don't have access to parks or open spaces.  According to the Trust for Public Land, more than 100 million  Americans--and that includes 28 million children--do not have access to  a park within a 10-minute walk of their home. That number should be  zero. Especially during the pandemic, that number should have been  zero.   On top of physical accessibility, many children grow up in households  where their parents cannot afford a vacation or they may feel rightly  unsafe in these spaces, fearing an experience much like that of  Christian Cooper in Central Park recently. We are not solving all of  these challenges with what we are voting on here this week, but the  increased investment in the Great American Outdoors Act will create  more outdoor opportunities that I hope will truly benefit all of our  Nation's children.   Our public lands are places we should all be able to access  regardless of how thick or thin our wallets are, where we grow up, or  the color of our skin. To learn about the natural wonders all around  us, to really learn about our history by exploring the stories that  reside in these places, I don't know of any easy answers to the  numerous historic challenges we are facing as a nation today, but I do  know that the right answers will come only if they are based on an  honest appraisal of our deep-seated history--the good and the bad, the  inspiring and the painful.   I believe one of the best ways for kids--really all of us--to learn  about that complex history of our country is by visiting our public  lands. Let me share just one example. When you visit El Morro National  Monument in Western New Mexico, you walk up to a massive sandstone rock  wall that dominates the high desert landscape around it. As you  approach the cliff face, you begin to clearly see etchings and markings  carved into the stone. These inscriptions give physical form to the  history of many, many generations of people who have come to our State  or called it home. There are petroglyphs from indigenous cultures, and  right next to them--in some cases, even carved over them--are  signatures of Spanish priests and conquistadors dating back to the late  1500s and early 1600s. There are records left by American homesteading  families traveling westward on wagon trains. You can find the names of  U.S. Army soldiers, including the strange but true Army Camel Corps  that trained nearby in the late 1850s. And, yes, you heard that right,  Camel Corps. The military was testing out camels in the New Mexico  desert long before they started testing out fighter jets, rockets, and  satellites in New Mexico.   When you see all of these names and images left behind on El Morro's  Inscription Rock, you begin to appreciate how varied and also how messy  the history of just this one place in our Nation is. You begin the  process of learning that we have always been a country filled with  diverse, resilient people but also a country riddled with conflicts and  shortcomings. That is why it is so important to protect our parks and  to protect our public lands.   These are the places where new generations of Americans will learn  about both our natural and our human history. It is where they will go  to find inspiration to chart new paths forward for our great Nation.  For all of these reasons, I am so proud that we have come together on  this legislation. We can all understand why investing in restoring and  expanding opportunities in our parks and public lands has to be part of  our national recovery. These are the places where all of us belong.   These are the places where all of us belong. These lands are our  lands, and they heal us in a way that few things can.   I think of all the generations of Americans who have cared for these  places so my family and I can enjoy them and learn from them today.  With this historic legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act, we are  going to help do our part to, literally, pay it forward.   We often invoke Teddy Roosevelt around here when working on  conservation legislation. That legislation rarely measures up to the  level of accomplishment that you see written in the story of his  Presidency.   While I am not superstitious, I have to admit that I always visit his  bust here in the Capitol just outside this Chamber before an important  conservation vote. This bill--this bill--is the first time in my career  that we have done something truly on the scale of Teddy Roosevelt's  work, and I stand here proud to be a part of it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   