 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and  certainly for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor and to  the ranking member, Mac Thornberry, for his years of service to this  country. We certainly appreciate it.    This bill continues the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee's  long tradition of bipartisan work to make America's land and air forces  the best in the world.   Despite challenges imposed upon us during this COVID crisis, this  bill is the result of the hard work under very unusual and demanding  circumstances. I thank the members of our committee, certainly our  staffs and all of them for their hard work in these challenging times.   I also thank the ranking member, Mrs. Hartzler, for her leadership  and her contributions and certainly working as a bipartisan committee.  Our cooperation kept us focused on what truly is important. We have  delivered a defense bill that meets the modernization readiness needs  of our Nation.   This bill carefully manages our military resources while increasing  needed oversight of DOD programs. The bill specifically includes  aggressive oversight of the strike fighter aircraft programs, including  the F-35, the most expensive program ever attempted by the Department;  the Department's development, sustainment, management of manned and  unmanned intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft; and  continued oversight of the Army's new modernization strategy with  respect to Army aviation, including the Chinook helicopter, combat and  tactical vehicles, air and missile defense, the network and soldier  lethality.   This defense bill also includes what I believe is one of the more  important issues: Buy American provisions, which show we are truly  serious about building things here in the U.S. and supporting American  workers. I also worked to ensure that the executive branch cannot strip  the collective bargaining rights of our vital citizen defense  workforce.   I am proud of the hard work this committee has done to serve  America's national security interests in this great bill. It deserves  our support, and I urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   