 I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), and the Senator from Vermont  (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), and the Senator from Vermont  (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    Mr. President, I listened to this debate very carefully  because I have great respect for both of the Senators--the Senator from  Alaska and the Senator from South Dakota.   I have seen both of them operate as effective legislators on the  floor of the U.S. Senate. I have seen both of them entertain  amendments, both friendly and not so friendly, on the floor of the  [[Page S5583]]  Senate and deal with them in a fair fashion. I have seen both of them  use the U.S. Senate to achieve legislative goals, some that I shared  and some that I didn't share.   But I have to ask them, in all candor, as I listened to the speech  about preserving the Senate as we know it, if they are really taking a  look around at the Senate as we know it. Do you know how many  amendments were debated on the floor of the U.S. Senate in the year  2019--in the entire year? America's greatest deliberative body  considered 22 amendments in that year. Six of them were offered by one  Senator--Senator Rand Paul, the junior Senator from Kentucky. You  remember them, as I do. He basically said: Here is a gun to your head.  If you want to go home, I get a vote. He got his vote. And as he  reminded me, he lost every one of those amendments. So 6 of the 22  amendments were, frankly, one Senator's effort to have a recorded vote,  and that is all it was.   Sixteen substantive amendments in a year, and you are arguing that we  cannot change the Senate, we cannot transform the Senate, we cannot  consider changes to the rules of the Senate. I know better.   I know that you are a good legislator, and you are as well, Senator.  I know that you can take a bill through a committee, bring it to the  floor, defend it on the floor, and go through the amendment process. We  all know that that is how the Senate was designed to work.   What happened? What happened to the Senate? Well, if you take a look  at the number of cloture motions to end a filibuster that were filed  some 13 years ago, they averaged about 68 a year. Do you know how many  we now have? Over 250 a year.   This is out of control. It is so much out of control that when you  take a look at the ordinary business of the U.S. Senate and you take a  look at the memories you may have of passing a budget resolution, we  don't do that anymore, do we? You take a look at passing appropriation  bills. You remember sitting on the Appropriations Committee and proud  to be there, as I am too. I loved that committee. It was a great  committee to serve on. We actually took agencies and went through  hearings and drew up budgets and took them to Appropriations  subcommittees and actually considered amendments in the committee and  then brought them to the floor and had amendments on the floor. Yes,  that happened in your political lifetime and in mine. It no longer  occurs. Do you understand the Senate which you are defending is a  Senate which no longer engages in that kind of debate?   What does it boil down to? There were meetings of the Big 4 or the  Big 8, or whatever number there happens to be. They decide all 12  appropriations bills, and we sit on the outside of the room holding our  hands patiently, hoping that something we wanted is included. Is that  the Senate that you ran for? Is that the Senate you do not want to  change? Tell me seriously. It can't be.   Those of us on this side of the aisle say to younger Members: You  would have loved the Senate if you just could have seen it, but you  have only been here 6 years. So you missed it.   There was a time when we did debate on the floor. Do you remember  when Dodd-Frank came to the floor? Senator Dodd and Senator Shelby were  managing that bill. This was the most dramatic change in Wall Street  policy in a generation or more. I remember it because I offered what I  believe was the 25th amendment on the floor--25 amendments on this bill  that had already come out of the Banking Committee. I offered the 25th  amendment on debit cards, and they announced that it would be a 60-vote  margin. All the others had been a simple majority to that point. I  surprised everybody, including myself, and passed that amendment. And  then more were offered.   Do you remember the immigration reform bill? Do you recall what  happened there? I can tell you because I was on the Gang of 8 that  wrote the bill. We went through the Judiciary Committee, and Senator  Jeff Sessions of Alabama was determined to derail the bill. He said: I  have dozens of amendments, and I am going to offer them all. Well, he  stopped at about 20 because he wasn't passing most of his amendments.  Then it came to the floor, and we faced the same amendment process,  amendment after amendment, and the bill was passed on the floor of the  Senate.   That was within my political lifetime and yours as well. It worked.  Why is it not working now? Why is this such an empty Chamber? Why are  there all of these empty desks when there are so many things that need  to be done in America? Because we have stopped legislating. We have  stopped debating. We have stopped amending.   You say: Boy, we have to preserve this. We have to do everything we  can to preserve this.   We know better than that. This is not the Senate that we are  witnessing. This is some aberration, some use of the filibuster.   In the first 3 years, with Senator McConnell in charge, we had more  filibusters and cloture votes than in the entire history of the U.S.  Senate. It is out of control, my friends, my colleagues, fellow  Senators.   It is out of control, my friends, my colleagues, my fellow Senators.  I don't know what the answer is in terms of rule changes, but I will  tell you this.    In just one moment.   I will tell you this: To argue that we need to preserve this is to  really discourage anyone from becoming a Member of this body if we are  not going to legislate, if we are not going to tackle the real issues  of our time.   I look at the Presiding Officer. He stepped up on the last  immigration debate that we had on a bipartisan measure. I thank him for  doing it. It wasn't easy, politically. That was what the Senate once  was not that long ago.   I do yield for a question.    I would say to the Senator from South Dakota, thank you.  I said earlier, and I meant it--I think you are a good legislator, as  are the Senator from Alaska and many others, and given a chance, you  prove it. We just don't get the chance anymore. No budget resolution.  No appropriations bills. One bill, really, of any substance comes to  the floor of the Senate each year now. It is the Defense authorization  bill, by tradition. Come hell or high water, we are going to bring up  [[Page S5584]]  that bill. And I am glad we do, but that is it. End of story. The rest  of the time, what do we spend our days doing? Watching the clock go by  for 30 hours so we can have a vote on the next nomination. Is that the  Senate you ran for? Is that why you went through the sacrifice and  asked your family to join you in that sacrifice to be in public life?  No. Not for me, it isn't. I am here to do something. I think we can do  something. We have proven it in the past.   The Affordable Care Act. Books will be written--they have already  been written about what it took to finally pass it, but eventually it  was enacted into law and signed by the President and changed the lives  of millions of Americans. I am glad I voted for it. It was not a  bipartisan effort at any stage. I wish it were.   The point I am getting to is this: I don't know what the answer is in  terms of changing the rules, but I am not going to stand in defense of  the status quo. I do not believe the notion that we cannot touch the  Senate and its traditions really is defensible in light of what we have  seen on the Senate floor for the last several years--years.   I just have to tell you, I am surprised now that the Republican  position articulated by your leader and by the whip is status quo:  Leave it as is. It is fine. It is just great. Don't you change the  Senate.   Well, I think the Senate needs to change.    Mr. President, I would love the junior Senator from  Massachusetts to address that question himself when he gets his chance  on the floor.    Happy to yield    Mr. President, with her permission, I will add a question  mark to the end of that statement to the Senator from Alaska, to thank  her and warn her that we are coming dangerously close to debating on  the floor of the Senate. It almost never happens, and we are coming  close to it.   We are actually asking one another: Do we have to change the rules to  finally make the Senate work, or is there another way? I am open to  other ways. I am open to demonstrations of that. But I will tell you,  it is a frustration. It is the determination to make certain that, for  the people of Illinois who returned me to the Senate, we actually do  something, achieve something; that we go home, win or lose, with the  feeling that we have been engaged in a process that respected our  rights as individual Senators and ended in a vote up or down and a  measure passed or failed. That, to me, is why I ran for this job, and I  think probably for yourself as well. We are not there, and we are not  close to being there    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), and the Senator from Vermont  (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.  [[Page S5589]]     I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), and the Senator from Vermont  (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), and the Senator from Vermont  (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from New Mexico  (Mr. Heinrich), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are  necessarily absent.   