 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I just heard the Republican leader speak  out on the floor. Leader McConnell is busy giving partisan speeches  while for the last 2\1/2\ hours Speaker Pelosi, myself, Secretary of  Treasury Mnuchin, and Chief of Staff Meadows were sitting in a room  working hard, trying to narrow our differences and come to an  agreement. We all want to come to an agreement. We know the gravity of  the situation demands it. We will continue to work and work at it.   We had a productive meeting. We narrowed some differences. Frankly,  there are many that remain, but we must not give up. We must not resort  to stark partisanship. We must come together and find a solution.   If I had to characterize the major difference between our side and  the Republican side, we believe the gravity of the situation--the  economic problems, the health problems--demands a bold, strong,  vigorous solution by the Federal Government. We believe we must meet  those needs. And it will cost money, but mark my words--if we spend  less money now, it will cost us more money later.   We hear from our schools. They very much want to reopen. We hear from  the parents of children. They very much want their kids to go back to  school, but they want to do it safely. It costs a lot of dollars to  make a school safe in this COVID crisis--not only the money for masks  and PPE, but you can't sit two kids next to each other on a bus, so  there have to be many more bus routes. Because some of the learning  will be distant, you need hotspots, and a lot of the kids don't have  them in their homes. You may need new ventilating systems because COVID  demands it for a healthy classroom. You may need to convert gymnasiums  and cafeterias into new classrooms. Teachers may have to teach longer,  and we may even need more teachers. These are very important things we  need to do to open schools safely, but they demand more dollars. As we  sat in a room today, we discussed our views as to how many dollars are  needed.   The same thing with food safety--we Democrats believe that during  this crisis, children and adults should not go hungry, and we proposed  money to ensure that there are SNAP benefit increases to help people to  feed themselves, that there is enough money to feed the kids who used  to get school breakfasts and lunches, and that there is enough money at  food banks and other places so they can feed their families. That costs  money. The Senate Republican proposal here proposed a tax break for a  three-martini lunch and a $20 billion slush fund for big agribusiness  but no money for these kids who need to be fed. That is a significant  difference. There are many. There are many.   We Democrats believe strongly that we have to have free and fair  elections and that the mail must be delivered in a timely way because  so many more people are going to vote by mail. So many polling places  need to be set up because, with COVID, you can't be close together.   There is a long list of things that are needed. The good news is, our  Republican colleagues agree with a few of them, but some they don't  agree with, and we are discussing why we think they need them, and they  will counter with us in the room--Mnuchin and Meadows. But the  discussion is necessary, the discussion is productive, and we will  continue it.   Again, the anomaly of the Republican leader making a partisan speech  on the floor while we--Speaker Pelosi, myself, Mnuchin, and Meadows-- are trying to negotiate and move forward is really a contrast that I  think most people see.   So let's keep moving forward. There is a real crisis here. There are  people who are unemployed, and they don't deserve a pay cut as they go  forward. There are small businesses that need help desperately. There  are schools that have to open. There are State and local governments  that must have funding. This is not an abstract concept; these are  firefighters, our teachers, our healthcare workers, our busdrivers and  sanitation men and women. If the State and local governments don't get  money, they are going to be laid off, and services will be much worse.   Again, we have a wide disparity on what kind of dollars and how to  deal with treatment. It is our belief that this administration's  program on treatment has been a failure, that we don't have enough  treatment, and that we have to redouble our efforts to put more money  into treatment.   These discussions are continuing because we hope we can reach an  agreement. We will keep at it and at it and at it because the Nation  demands a solution--a bold, comprehensive solution that will slay this  awful virus and its consequences once and for all.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   