 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  confirmation vote on the Kindred nomination begin following my remarks.    Madam President, I rise today in support of the vote  that the Senate is going to take on here in a few minutes on Joshua  Kindred to be Alaska's next Federal district court judge, and I commend  this body, particularly Leader McConnell, for prioritizing putting  good, solid, young Federal judges in seats in districts and circuit  courts all across the country--188 so far since the Trump  administration took office, and now it is Alaska's turn.   That Federal judge seat that we are looking at filling here in a  couple of minutes has been empty for almost 4 years, and in our State,  in the great State of Alaska, we don't have too many opportunities for  Federal judges. For example, Alaska only has 1 active judge on the  entire Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals out of 29 active judges. So this  is an important vote, certainly, for my State.    I want to talk a little bit about Josh Kindred. I have known Josh  since he was a young assistant district attorney for the State of  Alaska when I was attorney general. We talked about how we were going  to work together to make Alaska's judicial process more efficient and  more effective for Alaskans during his confirmation process. I  certainly was impressed then, but I was impressed when I first met Josh  many years ago and continue to be impressed with his fierce commitment  to upholding the law, the concept of equal access to justice for all,  and his keen awareness of Alaska's unique legal landscape.   Josh was unanimously rated as ``qualified'' by the ABA and is a  lifelong Alaskan with a broad and impressive legal background.   As I mentioned, after clerking on the Oregon Supreme Court, he came  back home to Alaska and was promoted to violent crimes supervisor after  a number of years working in the Anchorage District Attorney's Office,  where he worked to punish perpetrators of crimes and with victims of  some of the heinous crimes, unfortunately, that we have in too high  numbers in Alaska, particularly as it relates to sexual assault and  domestic violence. In his career, he has been committed not only to  prosecuting those kinds of crimes but to doing pro bono work to stem  this very significant crisis that my State has with these heinous  crimes of sexual abuse.   Rounding out his legal experience, Josh served as the environmental  counsel for the Alaska Oil and Gas Association and, most recently, as  the regional solicitor for Alaska for the U.S. Department of the  Interior. Now, when the Federal Government controls over 60 percent of  the lands in Alaska, the solicitor for the U.S. Department of the  Interior position in Alaska is actually a really important one and is  incredibly important in terms of qualifications for a Federal judge.   This wide-ranging experience will be incredibly valuable as a  district court judge in Alaska because he is familiar--very familiar-- with the numerous Alaska-specific laws that this body passes year after  year, decade after decade: the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, the  Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, and the Trans-Alaska  Pipeline Act. This is an important point because very few States have  such large, complex Federal laws that are focused solely on their  State, and Federal courts often misinterpret these laws and don't  understand these laws, to the detriment of the people I represent.   Let me just give you a recent example. There was a Federal case under  the law I mentioned recently, ANILCA, as we call it in Alaska. It  involved a moose hunter named John Sturgeon who had a hovercraft and  wanted to go moose hunting, and overbearing Federal Government agents  told him he couldn't use his hovercraft in certain areas considered  Federal waters. John Sturgeon knew better. He challenged the Federal  Government. There were 12 years of litigation, twice up to the U.S.  Supreme Court, and Federal judges at the district and certainly the  Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals level getting this case wrong every  single time. Finally, last year, in a unanimous 9-to-0 opinion, Justice  Elena Kagan summed it up very succinctly when she ruled against all of  these Federal judges in the Ninth Circuit and for Mr. Sturgeon. She  said: ``If Sturgeon lived in any other State, his suit would not have a  prayer of success.''   She went on: ``Except that Sturgeon lives in Alaska. And as we have  said before, `Alaska is often the exception, not the rule,' '' under  Federal law.   So the Supreme Court gets it, and Josh Kindred will get it. He  understands Alaska's unique legal jurisprudence. He is committed to  honoring the commitments this body has made to Alaska's first peoples  and others in my great State, and he is committed to justice.   I believe he will serve with honor and integrity on the Federal  court, and I urge my colleagues to vote for his confirmation.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   