 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Pallone  and Ranking Member Walden for their leadership on this very important  piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the Energy and Commerce Committee staff for  working with us in a very bipartisan way to make sure that this bill  came to the floor today with such bipartisan consensus.   I also thank my colleague and my fellow original cosponsor of this  bill, Congressman Cardenas from California, the vice chair of the House  Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Consumer Protection and Commerce.  His leadership in introducing this bill was crucial, and I really  appreciate him allowing me to be the bipartisan lead cosponsor.   As my colleagues before me have stated so eloquently, the COVID-19  pandemic has truly changed the world as we know it, and that includes  many of our daily routines. We don't have to look much farther than the  House floor to see that that has happened.   Stay-at-home orders and COVID-19 mitigation efforts mean families and  individuals are obviously spending more time at home. And when not-- like us--on Zoom calls, we need to be sure that, for the products that  are in our homes, we understand the dangers that may exist for young  children running around while parents are working to ensure that their  jobs continue.   This is a commonsense, bipartisan piece of legislation. As was said,  it is going to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to study  the effects of COVID-19 on families and the safety of our families and  children.   I ask that my colleagues remind themselves that this is another  instance of true bipartisanship in a very polarized world that we all  live in and to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend,  Mr. Rouzer, for the time, and I do want to say thank you to my  colleague and partner on the Highways and Transit Subcommittee, Ms.  Holmes Norton, and also to Mr. Beyer and all who work to make sure that  we are here today to do what is right.   We are here to make sure that the National Children's Museum here in  Washington, D.C., is able, because of the COVID-19 pandemic, to still  be able to provide the entertainment and offer its offerings of  activities to our kids, not just here in Washington, D.C., but  throughout this great country.   Today is the day we can celebrate in a bipartisan way so that we can  allow GSA to give them a break, to help this community, and to help  them find some sense of normalcy by being able to safely attend and  participate in the activities of the National Children's Museum.   Pre-pandemic, the museum offered our children the ability to interact  with exhibits focused on science, technology, engineering, arts and  math. This allowed our kids to be able to foster a greater appreciation  for STEM fields.   Who knows?   The next great member of the next pandemic response team could have  had their interest piqued in working in science by going to the  children's museum here in Washington, D.C.   We need STEM education now more than ever, and this is an opportunity  to show the world that Republicans and Democrats in this institution  can agree to get things done.   I thank Ms. Holmes Norton for working with me and working with all of  us on this very important piece of legislation, and I ask my colleagues  to support it.   