 Mr. President, today I rise to reflect on land  conservation as the Senate is poised to make an historic commitment to  our public lands and waters. S. 3422, the Great American Outdoors Act,  contains two core components. The first establishes the National Park  Service and Public Lands Legacy Restoration Fund to support deferred  maintenance projects on Federal lands. The second makes funding for the  Land and Water Conservation Fund permanent. Taken together, these  policies will conserve land for the enjoyment of the public for  generations to come and ensure that we continue to protect our shared  resources.   The Restoration Fund must be used for priority deferred maintenance  projects that are administered by the National Park Service, the Forest  Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land  Management, and the Bureau of Indian Education. Our National Parks  desperately need help, a situation President Trump's disastrous 2018- 2019 shutdown exacerbated. There is an estimated $11 billion  maintenance backlog within the National Park System alone. Visitor  numbers have increased in recent years and are likely to continue to do  so, particularly as the public seeks respite at available units from  the constraints that the novel coronavirus--COVID-19--pandemic has  placed on daily life. Parks have been indispensable assets for  communities during the ongoing public health emergency, allowing people  to exercise and enjoy the outdoors safely with precautions, including  staying local, practicing physical distancing, and using face  coverings.   The LWCF is one of our Nation's most successful conservation  programs. Congress established the LWCF in 1964. Since then, it has  protected nearly 5 million acres of Federal lands and supported over  41,000 State and local projects through matching grants. LWCF has  enjoyed bipartisan support since its inception; however, permanent  funding will provide the fund with the long-term security and  stabilization it deserves.   Maryland has benefited immensely from Federal investment in public  land. Open spaces are particularly important to just over 6 million  Marylanders who live and recreate in a highly developed State. Outdoor  enthusiasts have a significant economic impact on the Maryland  communities they visit. In 2019, nearly 7 million park visitors spent  an estimated $233 million in local gateway regions while visiting  National Park Service lands in Maryland. These expenditures supported  2,960 jobs, $117 million in labor income, and $313 million in economic  output in the Maryland economy, according to the latest annual report,  National Park Visitor Spending Effects.  [[Page S3035]]    Consideration of this legislation coincides with Chesapeake Bay  Awareness Week--June 6-14, 2020--leading up to the 6-year anniversary  of the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement. The agreement outlines five  themes with 10 goals for the restoration and protection of the  watershed region, including conserved lands, engaged communities, and  climate change. On June 16, 2014, the Chesapeake Executive Council  signed the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement. Signatories include  representatives from the entire watershed, committing for the first  time the seven headwater jurisdictions--Maryland, Delaware, New York,  Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia--to  a full regional partnership with State, Federal, local, and academic  watershed organizations in the Chesapeake Bay Program.   Permanently funding the LWCF furthers the goals of the Chesapeake Bay  Watershed Agreement--foremost, the land conservation goal: to conserve  landscapes treasured by citizens in order to maintain water quality and  habitat; sustain working forests, farms, and maritime communities; and  conserve lands of cultural, indigenous, and community value. Stormwater  runoff from urban and suburban areas is the fastest growing contributor  of pollution to the Chesapeake Bay. While States have improved their  urban and suburban stormwater regulatory programs, overall loads in the  sector continue to increase due to population growth and development.  Land conservation is a powerful tool for reducing this type of runoff.  Protecting open spaces and sensitive natural areas reduces the water  quality and flooding impacts of stormwater runoff, while providing  recreational opportunities for residents.   Public lands serve as essential cultural education centers, as is the  case with the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Historical  Park. Congress established this park in 2014 in Cambridge, MD, within  the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge, a LWCF beneficiary site. The  park memorializes the life of American hero Harriet Tubman, known for  her contributions as a Civil War spy and nurse, suffragist,  abolitionist, and Underground Railroad agent. The park allows visitors  to explore the landscape in Dorchester County where Harriet Tubman was  born into slavery. This unit is crucial to understanding Maryland's  history and celebrating the life of Harriet Tubman and complements the  stewardship goal to increase the number and diversity of local citizen  stewards and local governments that actively support and carry out the  conservation and restoration activities that achieve healthy local  streams, rivers, and a vibrant Chesapeake Bay.    The LWCF advances the Climate Resiliency Goal to increase the  capacity of the Chesapeake Bay watershed, including its living  resources, habitats, public infrastructure and communities, to  withstand adverse impacts from changing environmental and climate  conditions. With more than 3,000 miles of coastline, Maryland is  particularly vulnerable to climate change impacts related to sea level  rise, increased flooding, and extreme weather events according to the  Maryland Commission on Climate Change and numerous peer-reviewed  scientific studies. While advanced technology is necessary to combat  climate change, we must not forget nature's carbon sink: our wetlands  and forests. Natural capital, also known as green infrastructure, is a  cost-effective way to support sustainability, including by protecting  water resources and enhancing resilience. LWCF funds, particularly  grants through the Forest Legacy Program, have enormous dividends by  protecting forests and wetlands that have the natural ability to store  excess carbon via photosynthesis. Best management practices can help  protect these stores of carbon and the ability of forests and wetlands  to sequester it. While this legislation is not explicitly linked to  climate change, it is an example of how we can find commonsense,  bipartisan climate change solutions.   LWCF programs are also terrific examples of successful partnering  with State and local government and private partners. Broad Creek in  Dublin, MD, is an excellent example of forest stewardship in a rapidly  urbanizing landscape. The Baltimore Area Council of the Boy Scouts of  America owns this 1,964-acre property located within the Chesapeake Bay  watershed and uses it for national and regional Boy Scout events.  Several Federal- and State-listed rare, threatened and endangered  species exist on the property. LWCF supported this conservation effort  while supporting Boy Scout and environmental education activities, in  Harford County, MD, in line with the Chesapeake Bay Watershed  Agreement's environmental literacy goal: Enable students in the region  to graduate with the knowledge and skills to act responsibly to protect  and restore their local watershed.   For Conquest Waterfront Preserve, $1,750,000 in LWCF resources helped  protect Maryland's Eastern Shore. This 76-acre acquisition helped  complete a 758-acre waterfront park in Queen Anne's County in  partnership with the State, county, and the fund. Situated on a  peninsula with 5 miles of shoreline along the Chester and Corsica  Rivers, the project preserves important waterfowl habitat and wetland  areas and expands public access to the Chesapeake Bay--another  Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement goal: Expand public access to the  Bay and its tributaries through existing and new local, State and  Federal parks, refuges, reserves, trails, and partner sites.   Communities across the globe are asking their leaders to consider how  their policy decisions affect all of their constituents. The Great  American Outdoors Act expands our opportunities for growth as a nation.  This historic legislation represents the product of concerted  bipartisan effort to invest in our Nation's future. By investing in our  National Parks and other similar assets, we are helping to conserve our  natural environment and create educational, accessible spaces for  future generations of visitors. I am proud of what this body has  accomplished and urge enactment of the Great American Outdoors Act into  law.   I do have one regret. I understand the legislation represents a  carefully crafted compromise, but I think it is unfortunate that  Senators have not been able to offer amendments to the bill. I filed an  amendment, S. Amdt. 1636, to establish a Fallen Journalists Memorial  here in Washington, DC. June 28 will mark the 2-year anniversary of the  fatal shooting that occurred at the offices of the Capital Gazette, a  newspaper serving Annapolis, MD. I based my amendment on legislation I  introduced, S. 1969, the Fallen Journalists Memorial Act, which Senator  Portman, Senator Manchin, and 10 other Senators have cosponsored. The  amendment reflects changes the House Natural Resources Committee made  when it marked up the bill and ordered it to be reported favorably by  voice vote. The changes the committee made, in turn, reflect input from  stakeholders including the National Park Service, which supports the  bill. The legislation is bipartisan, noncontroversial, and does not  impose any cost to taxpayers. The memorial would serve as a fitting  tribute to the Gazette's staff and to all other journalists who have  died in the line of duty and to our Nation's commitment to a free  press. I hope that I can work with Senators Murkowski and Manchin, the  chair and ranking member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources  Committee, respectively, to secure this bill's passage as soon as  possible.   