 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3587, the Department of  Veterans Affairs Website Accessibility Act of 2019. This bill will  require the Department of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study of all VA  websites, apps, and electronic forms; determine which are inaccessible  to veterans with disabilities; and develop a plan to make each of them  accessible and compliant with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of  1973.   Although the VA has taken steps to improve the accessibility of its  website, the committee has heard concerns from Blinded Veterans of  America that ``a web page that was easily accessed one day cannot be  read or even located during the next visit to the site.'' Of course  that is unacceptable as far as I am concerned.   Moreover, visually impaired veterans, in particular, often face  barriers to accessing information from VA because they are directed to  forms or pages that are incompatible with screen readers.   Given that over 4.9 million veterans have at least one service- connected disability, it is unacceptable that the VA's delivery of  information falls short of disabled veterans' needs. This bill will  require the VA to take systematic action to address these issues.   I applaud Senator Bob Casey and Congresswoman Elaine Luria, who does  an outstanding job on the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, for their  leadership on this particular bill and their efforts to ensure that all  veterans are able to access the information they need from the VA.   I will be supporting this bill today, and I urge my colleagues to  join me.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 900, as amended, a bill to  name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient  clinic in Bozeman, Montana, the Travis W. Atkins Department of Veterans  Affairs Clinic.   Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins was a Montana native and Army veteran.  He was killed in action in Iraq in 2007 during an encounter with two  enemy insurgents when he put himself between a suicide bomber and his  fellow soldiers.   Staff Sergeant Atkins' quick and selfless actions saved the lives of  those three soldiers and led to him being posthumously awarded the  Medal of Honor. By naming the VA clinic in Bozeman after him today, we  will further ensure that his life and legacy is forever remembered.   This bill was sponsored in the Senate by Senator Steve Daines and in  the House by my friend and colleague Congressman   Greg Gianforte, who  will be the Governor of Montana very soon. It is also strongly  supported by the other member of Montana's congressional delegation,  the ranking member of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee and  another good friend of mine, Senator Jon Tester.   I am grateful to Senator Daines, Congressman Gianforte, Ranking  Member Tester, and the many Montana veteran service organizations that  sent in letters of support for this bill, for their efforts to honor  Staff Sergeant Atkins' service and sacrifice through this legislation.  These are the true heroes, Mr. Speaker. I know you know that.   Staff Sergeant Atkins was just 32 years old when he died. He left  behind many loved ones, including his then 11-year-old son, Trevor. I  send my prayers to Trevor and to all of Staff Sergeant Atkins' friends  and family members who, I know, are still grieving his loss today.   I hope that it is a small comfort to them to know that, with the  passage of this bill, Mr. Speaker, Staff Sergeant Atkins' memory will  live on and serve as an inspiration to all the veterans who seek hope  and healing in the clinic that will now bear his name.   I am proud to support this bill, Mr. Speaker, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3147, the Improving Safety  and Security for Veterans Act of 2019.   This bill was drafted in response to a tragic incident at the  Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Clarksburg, West  Virginia, where a former VA nursing assistant killed at least seven  veteran patients by injecting them with lethal doses of insulin while  they were under her care.   As a member of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee, I personally  grieved the loss of those veterans. I cannot fathom the pain that their  loved ones must feel. My heart is with them, especially during this  holiday season.   Congress must act to ensure that no other veteran, family, or  community experiences such tragedy ever again.   Passing S. 3147 today will help us do that, Mr. Speaker. The bill  would require VA to report to Congress on the Department's efforts to  assess, monitor, and improve patient safety and quality of care  throughout the VA healthcare system. It would also require the VA to  report to Congress on the series of events surrounding the Clarksburg  murders and the actions taken in Clarksburg and nationwide, for that  matter.   We need to ensure that we learn from this tragedy and that it never,  ever is repeated.   This bill is sponsored by Senator Joe Manchin from West Virginia and  is the companion to a House bill in the House by my good friend, a  great member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I know he  supports veterans, David McKinley, who I will yield to in a second.  David is from West Virginia.   I appreciate Senator Manchin's and Congressman McKinley's efforts to  ensure that veterans in West Virginia and across the country receive  care that is timely, safe, and of the very highest quality. Again, we  have to thank them for their service to our country, and they are  entitled to this quality of care, Mr. Speaker.   Every veteran deserves to feel confident that they will be well cared  for when they walk through VA's doors. While nothing can bring back the  veterans who were ruthlessly murdered in Clarksburg, I hope that the  passage of this bill today will restore some of the trust that has been  lost due to this heartbreaking chapter in VA's history and ease other  veterans' fears that they may have about their own safety seeking care  through the VA healthcare system.   Mr. Speaker, I urge every one of my colleagues to join me in  supporting this bill today. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to  the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. McKinley).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   