 Mr. Speaker, today is February 27, and we celebrate  the 176th anniversary of independence of the Dominican Republic, which  gained its independence in 1844 from the Republic of Haiti.   Led by Juan Pablo Duarte, Sanchez, and Mella, this island nation  moved forward under great adversity. Throughout its 176 years, it has  endured military occupation, dictatorship, and other strong and  determining challenges. But throughout these many decades, the nation  has prevailed.   Today, we enjoy the presence of over 2 million Dominicans in the  United States, many of them in New York State, and many of them in the  13th Congressional District, particularly in Washington Heights.   We see many streets in the neighborhood named after some of the  patriarchs of the nation. We have Juan Pablo Duarte Boulevard, Manolo  Tavarez Justo Way, Mateo Rojas Alou Street, Miguel Amaro Way, Freddy  Beras-Goico Way.   We also have schools named after very prominent members of that  community. Salome Urena School, the Mirabal Sisters School, Juan Pablo  Duarte School, the Juan Bosch School.   We also have a huge parade, which now goes down Sixth Avenue, but  originally started right there on Audubon Avenue in Northern Manhattan.   We have social and cultural institutions like Club Deportivo  Dominicano. We have many bodega owners, supermarket owners, hair  salons, and other small businesses that I think are characteristic of  their resolve, our people's resolve to work hard and make it a better  city for all of us.  [[Page H1228]]    We send remittances back home, becoming the first and most important  column of the Dominican economy, and we continue to contribute in many,  many ways to that island nation and the United States of America.   Last Saturday, we witnessed an unprecedented event where young people  convened in Washington Heights to protest the failed municipal  elections back home.   Last weekend, the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, which  I am honored to represent in Congress, witnessed thousands of young  people who came to protest against the most recent failure by the  Dominican Republic's electoral board to properly execute the country's  municipal elections on February 16.    Tais Garcia Heredia, Emely Curiel, Andres Gonzalez del Rey, Candido  Santana, Alberto Valentin, Albelis Reyes, and others, particularly a  young man by the name of Felipe Batista, led these young people-- thousands. Close to 10,000 of them descended on Washington Heights.   Their initiative to fight for their people's future will probably not  go down in the history books; you may not be able to find them in a  Wikipedia page in the future; you may not be able to even Google their  names; but their names will be echoed in the Congressional Record, and  their patriotism will forever be remembered.   They are fighting to strengthen democracy. They are fighting to  strengthen the best values of any democratic system and process. That  is why I am here: to exult their names and to tell all that know them  that we are very proud of them.   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   Today we are fighting for Dominican Independence, wherever there's a  Dominican there's homeland. God, homeland and freedom.   Hoy en dia estamos luchando por la Independencia Dominicana, donde  esta el dominicano esta la Patria. Dios, Patria y Libertad.   