 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of  Judge Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court. This process shows how  misplaced the priorities of the Senate are at a critical moment in  time.   There is an epic national crisis that we should be addressing--a  pandemic that is raging and causing unprecedented death and economic  distress at a massive scale. Yet the Senate has been sitting on its  hands since late April when we passed our fourth and final piece of  COVID legislation then, reinfusing dollars into the small business  protection program. The death toll in the United States was approaching  63,000. We have done nothing since, and the death toll is now  approaching 230,000.   Here are a few of the many Americans we tragically lost to COVID-19:  Benigno Hurtado-Andrade, Amalia Pasqua, James Shanley, Verna and  Clarence Cuyler, Betty Damato, Keith Mitchell Jacobs, Ward H. Harlow,  Jr., Kyong He Park, James Norton, Charlotte Marie Sims, Guus Smeets,  Charles Krebbs, Dr. Gaye Griffin-Snyder, Hugh Freyer, Marcel Borg,  Nancy Standage Borbon, Albert Garcia, Helen Flores, Dean Pryor Perkins,  Darrell William Jones, Paul Abramson, Everett Pike, Grant D. Ross,  Isabelle Papadimitriou, James Hughston, Jose Antoniao Reyes, William D.  Shilling, Jr., Ronnie ``Bro'' Baldwin, Larry Singer, Leone (Kitty)  Harriman, Sarah Roth, Sara Rose Varela, Kenneth E. Zwick, Sr., Pik Chi  Chan, Melinda ``Nina'' Wernick, Roger Diethelm, Alan Zundl, Irvin  Umberger, Dr. Kirk Barnett, Danielita Brown, Jose Sanchez.   The number of new coronavirus cases is now reaching record peaks. The  Saturday headline from the Washington Post, which is the most-read  daily newspaper in Virginia, says it all: ``U.S. hits highest daily  number of cases since pandemic began.'' Papers all around the country  carry similar headlines.   Ten months into this crisis, there is no national plan or strategy  for dealing with it. The Chief of Staff to President Trump admitted  defeat yesterday, claiming that we are not going to control the  pandemic. It can be controlled with testing, contact tracing,  isolation, and a commitment to mask-wearing, hand-washing, and social  distancing. That is how other nations are controlling the pandemic. But  the Trump administration is admitting surrender.   They now tell us that we will just have to wait for vaccines and  treatments, but Americans cannot afford to wait. The economic  devastation accompanying this healthcare crisis is catastrophic. The  unemployment rate is 7.9 percent, which is 65 percent higher than when  President Trump took office. And that number actually understates the  magnitude of employment losses as millions have dropped out of the  labor market to care for children or their parents or other loved ones  affected by this tragedy. Women have been hit disproportionately hard  in this forced exodus from the job market. President Trump's job losses  are now the worst of any American President on record. Yet the Senate  is doing nothing.   The largest public health crisis in 100 years, the most significant  economic collapse since the Great Depression, and the Senate has done  nothing to provide Americans relief for 6 months. This is inexcusable.   The House acted by passing the Heroes Act in May. I knew that the  Senate majority would not simply embrace a Democratic bill from the  House, but I believed they would do something. But the Senate majority  would not even surface a proposal until the very end of July, just days  before many CARES Act benefits expired and the Senate went into a  month-long recess. It was not until mid-September that the Senate GOP  finally brought up a vote on what we all called a skinny bill--one- seventh the size of the House proposal and dramatically less than what  even the White House said was necessary to deal with the crisis. That  bill contained no rent assistance as millions face eviction, no  mortgage assistance as millions face default or foreclosure, no food  assistance as millions face hunger, and no aid for State and local  governments, whose falling revenues jeopardize their ability to employ  so many of the health and public safety workers who we know to be  essential right now.   Democrats opposed the skinny bill in the hopes that rejecting a  partisan proposal would lead to a bipartisan breakthrough. That is just  what happened in March with the CARES Act. We voted down a paltry  partisan package and days later found a robust bipartisan bill to help  all Americans. Our ``no'' vote on the skinny bill in September did  jump-start serious negotiations between the White House and Democratic  leaders, and the negotiations saw the two sides growing closer and  closer.   But there was a problem. The Senate majority does not want a COVID  relief bill. We could get there, but last week the New York Times and  other publications made it plain that no deal was forthcoming. Why?   ``McConnell moves to head off stimulus deal as Pelosi reports  progress.''   ``U.S. hits highest daily number of cases since pandemic began.''   ``McConnell moves to head off stimulus deal.''   This is what we should be working on right now, but the Senate  majority abandoned their commitment to helping Americans through this  emergency on September 18--the day that Ruth Bader Ginsburg died. Since  then, rushing Judge Barrett to confirmation has been all that matters  to them--no matter that Americans deeply need COVID relief; no matter  that the rush to complete a confirmation in 1 month from nomination to  vote is unprecedented in modern times; no matter that the Senate  majority broke its word to their colleagues and the American public  that a Supreme Court vacancy occurring in a Presidential election year  would not be filled until after the election to ``let the people  decide''; no matter that the rushed nomination jeopardized the health  of attendees at the President's superspreading White House announcement  and even staff and Members of this Senate   My question is, Why? Why rush this nomination, ignoring Senate  precedent to do so, breaking your own word to do so, violating health  protocols to do so, rather than spending our time providing comfort to  families who are hurting and businesses that are struggling and  closing? There could be no good answer to this question, but the actual  answer is particularly heartless. The effort to rush the Barrett  nomination is driven by the Republican desire to destroy the Affordable  Care Act. That has been the goal for 10 years. I have seen it here on  the floor virtually every day during the time I have been in the Senate  since January of 2013.   The Republican majority--particularly during the Trump Presidency-- has done everything they can in Congress, in administrative sabotage,  and in the courts to destroy the ACA and take healthcare away from tens  of millions of Americans. Congressional Republicans even engineered a  complete shutdown of the American Government in October of 2013 to try  to achieve their goal, but they failed.   More States, even Republican States, have embraced the ACA. It has  grown more popular every day with the American public. But by rushing  the Barrett nomination, President Trump and the Senate majority see one  last chance. In 2 weeks, the Supreme Court will hear  [[Page S6530]]  the case of California v. Texas, a coordinated effort by Republican  attorneys general, the Trump Justice Department, and many in Congress  to destroy the Affordable Care Act.   The death of Justice Ginsburg on September 18--who had often voted to  uphold provisions of the ACA as an appropriate exercise of  congressional legislative power--offered a tantalizing chance to select  as her successor someone who has written critically of the act and of  the Supreme Court's 2012 opinion upholding the law. If she can be  rushed to the Court by November 10, she can participate in the  resolution of the case.   Getting her there quickly matters more to the Senate majority than  helping the millions who are suffering during this crisis. If they are  suffering now, imagine how the suffering would have been magnified  without the ACA--millions without insurance to help them through the  health crisis; millions of young people not able to be on family  policies; millions turned away from coverage because of preexisting  health conditions and now having COVID as an additional preexisting  condition that will potentially disqualify millions more; millions  facing termination of insurance as COVID-related health expenses run  them up against lifetime coverage limits.   This rushed Supreme Court nomination not only ignores Americans'  demand for help at a time of maximum need, it is done in a way that  will likely increase their suffering, with full knowledge that is the  case.   I will not play any part in an effort of such calculated cruelty.  This vote will hurt the body, hurt the Supreme Court, and hurt millions  of people in crisis who are struggling, and even dying, as the Senate  ignores their needs.   Many of our Republican leaders won't even wear masks. They refuse to  cover their noses and mouths to protect themselves and those around  them. But this soulless process shows that they are glad to cover their  eyes and their ears to block out the pleas of our suffering citizenry.  I will oppose this nomination.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   