 Mr. President, what is happening at this moment in Hong  Kong is a tragedy, a crime, an affront to the civilized world. In a  year in which so much has happened, we may look back in the near future  and view this moment in Hong Kong as the single biggest moment of the  year. It is not getting enough attention, though, because the Communist  Party is using the pandemic as cover for its crimes against Hong Kong.   Under the cover of night, the Communist Party's puppets in Hong Kong  have enacted a security law that threatens to sweep aside the  traditions and freedoms that have made that city such a special place.  While the Chinese Communist Party hasn't yet rolled in tanks, as it did  in Tiananmen Square, the effects of this law are no less chilling to  democracy.   The security law imposes broad prohibitions on what it calls  subversive activities. What kinds of activities? Activities like waving  flags or chanting a slogan like ``Hong Kong independence'' or  ``Hongkongers, build a nation.'' In other words, the security law  criminalizes basic elements of peaceful protests and democratic change  that Hongkongers have used for years and that set them apart from their  fellow citizens on the mainland.   The new law also erodes the rights of the accused that are essential  to a fair legal system. The Chinese Communist Party isn't interested in  rights or fairness. It is interested in control--total control--and  this law exerts total control over the people of Hong Kong.   Under the new law, protesters accused of such vague crimes as  separatism and collusion can be smuggled away to mainland China to be  tried in Communist courts. The so-called crimes don't even have to be  committed in Hong Kong in order to be punished; the new law could  encompass expatriates with foreign citizenship living overseas--even  here in America. So simply meeting with a U.S. Senator, like me or  Senator McConnell or Senator Schumer or Senator Van Hollen, could land  a Hongkonger in prison for a lifetime. The China Communist Party thus  is extending its iron rule beyond its own shores to our free soil.   Those convicted under the new law could face life imprisonment,  alongside the many underground church leaders, Uighurs, Tibetans, Falun  Gong members, and other persecuted individuals the Chinese Communist  Party has already ``disappeared.''   Indeed, the crackdown is already underway. The Chinese Communist  Party's agents in Hong Kong rounded up as many as 300 protesters this  week for what it called unlawful assembly. Some of the protesters were  arrested under the supposed authority of the new security law. Their  fate at this moment is unknown.   The takeover of Hong Kong may seem like an event far away, especially  when we have so many problems at home. But the same could have been  said after the Second World War when Stalin and the Soviet secret  police dropped an Iron Curtain over Eastern Europe. Czechoslovakia and  Poland were far away, too, but the brutal repression of their people  showed the world what was at stake in the titanic struggle between  freedom and communism.   We face the same sort of titanic struggle today, and it is not  limited to Hong Kong. All across the periphery,  [[Page S4199]]  the Chinese Communist Party is acting aggressively. It has essentially  invaded India and killed 20 Indian soldiers. In the South China Sea, it  has attacked or otherwise threatened vessels from Vietnam, Malaysia,  and the Philippines and has repeatedly and increasingly encroached on  Taiwanese and Japanese airspace.   But in Hong Kong, the security law proves most clearly that the  Chinese Communist Party will not abide by its commitments, whether to  its own people or to foreign nations. Through actions this week,  Beijing has effectively torn up the joint declaration it made with  Britain to govern the peaceful handover of Hong Kong just as cynically  as China has broken its commitments to the United States, to the World  Trade Organization, to the World Health Organization, and others.   And, of course, this law exposes once again the hideous nature of  communism, which is so paranoid and insecure it can't tolerate even a  tiny outpost of freedom within its borders. No wonder. Freedom is an  attractive, precious, and contagious thing. The way of life enjoyed by  the citizens of Hong Kong could give the wrong ideas to the 1 billion  Chinese yearning for freedom elsewhere in the country. Nothing could be  more threatening to the Chinese Communist Party's rule.   Now the party has begun the takeover that Hongkongers have long  feared. Those of us with freedom to speak and act on their behalf must  do so now, as one of the great citadels of Asia slips into the  totalitarian darkness. While dark days may lie ahead for Hong Kong, one  day the future will return the sunny highlands of freedom to that small  citadel   I yield the floor.   