 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent  that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I woke up this morning,  Wednesday morning, June 17, 2020, and for so many Americans, this is  just another Wednesday morning. You wake up; you get ready for work-- but not in South Carolina.   In South Carolina, this Wednesday, June 17, is the fifth anniversary  of when a racist walked into Mother Emanuel Church, sat through a Bible  study for an hour and listened to believers talk about their love of  God. At the end of that Bible study, he pulled out a weapon and killed  nine people. So for me and so many South Carolinians, this is a hard  day.   I will tell you this: Standing on this floor, remembering the words  of one of the victims' son, Daniel Simmons, Jr., 5 years ago on a  Wednesday, 1 week later--I asked Daniel Simmons, Jr., whose father,  Daniel Simmons, Sr., had been killed in an attempt to start another  race war at the home of the Civil War: What should I say to the people  who would be watching around the country?   He said what I could not believe. It was this: Please remind them of  Romans 8:28--that all things work together for good for those who love  God and are called according to His purpose.   I was standing at those doors on my cell phone. I could not believe  the words he was speaking. In an act of true, unconditional love, he  inspired me. He encouraged me. He taught me lessons of strength and  courage and mercy our Nation needs to remember.   I came to the floor today to speak about my new bill, the JUSTICE  Act, our Republican response to police reform. I was sitting in my  office when the Senator from Illinois talked about the ``token''  legislation on this day, the day that we remember Mother Emanuel Church  and the nine lost lives and my friend, the pastor of the church,  Clementa Pinckney--the first person ever to call me a Senator, the  pastor of that church, a Democrat pastor of that church said to me ``My  Senator,'' in December of 2012--and reflect back on the fact that I  have on my phone today the text for Clementa in which I said: Are you  OK? He didn't answer because he was already dead.   To think that on this day, as we try to make sure that fewer people  lose confidence in this Nation, to have the Senator from Illinois refer  to this process, this bill, this opportunity to restore hope and  confidence and trust to the American people, to African Americans, to  communities of color--to call this a token process hurts my soul for my  country, for our people.   To think that the concept of anti-lynching that is a part of this  legislation would be considered a token piece of legislation because,  perhaps, I am African American and the only one on this side of the  aisle--I don't know what he meant, but I can tell you that, on this  day, to hear those comments, again, hurts the soul.   To think about how, in the same year, 2015, Walter Scott, in my  hometown of North Charleston, running away from the police, was shot  five times in the back--I sponsored legislation then, and I don't  remember a single person saying a single thing on that side of the  aisle about helping to push forward more legislation on body cameras.  But, today, this is a token piece of legislation. I think it is  important that we stand up and be counted and make sure that we have  more resources available for every officer to have a body camera  because, as we saw in Georgia with Mr. Arbery, had it not been caught  on video; in Walter Scott's case, had it not been caught on video; in  George Floyd's case, had it not been caught on video, we might be in a  different place.   On the other side, they are wanting to race-bait on tokenism, while  this legislation would provide resources for body cameras, for anti- lynching, and for deescalation training. But, no, we can't concern  ourselves with the families I sat with at the White House yesterday and  in my office yesterday. Instead, we want to play politics because this  is 2020, and we are far more concerned about winning elections than we  are about having a serious conversation on reform in this country. No,  we would rather have a conversation about tearing this country apart,  making it a binary choice between law enforcement and communities of  color instead of working for the American people, bringing the reforms  to the table so that we have a chance to balance this Nation and direct  her toward due north. No, that is too much to ask on June 17, 5 years  later.   I started this conversation on body cameras in 2015, in the Walter  Scott Notification Act in 2015. But, no, we want to have a political  conversation. I reject that. I reject that.   I will tell you that I believe my friends on the other side of the  aisle are serious about police reform. There are just some who are more  interested in scoring political points than they actually are in  getting a result.   It is not the majority of them. The majority of them have the same  heart that we have for the American people. That is where we should be  focusing our attention, not the color of my skin, not tokens. It is  cool when you are out in the public. I get it all the time on Twitter.  I am used to it. But on this day, my heart aches for my State. My heart  aches for my uncle's church, which he attended for 50 years before he  passed. So I am a little riled up.   I sit here quietly trying to pass good legislation that was based on  the House bill because I knew that if I wanted a chance to get  something done, we had to do it in a bipartisan fashion. I am not  running for anything. I am not up for reelection. I am not trying to  support someone for their victory. I am simply saying to the families I  met with yesterday at the White House without a camera and in my office  yesterday without a camera: I hear you. We see you. You are not simply  sitting there silent. We are working on serious, tangible, measurable  results.   Why is that not enough? Why can't we just disagree on the three or  four items that we disagree upon? Why can't I say what I have been  saying, which is that the House bill is, in fact, the blueprint for  some progress? It goes too far for me in some areas, but, yes, I like  the concept of more information. This is a good thing. The House does  it; we do it. That is a good thing. I like the concept of more  training. The House does it; we do it. I like the fact that we are  looking for a way to ban choke holds. We do it by taking money from  different departments; they do it in a different fashion. We are about  90 percent there.   But where do we go? Where do we go? People wonder why our country is  so divided. It is because it is so easy to walk onto this floor and say  ``token'' and send the same race-baiting message that we have heard for  a very long time.   If you are a Democrat, hey, it is OK. That is not ever OK. It is not  OK to say to our kids: You can't think what you want to think and be  who you want to be. If you are not in line with one idea and the way  they think, it is bad news. Then you are a sellout   What message do you send the kids? I am going to be OK, but what  message are we sending the kids throughout our country--that you can't  be taught just to think; we have to teach you how to think. That is the  kind of conclusion that is wrong. It is toxic. It is pushing our  country toward an implosion that is avoidable.  [[Page S3042]]    That is why I started my legislative day today with remembering  Mother Emanuel. It is why I read my Bible next--because I knew I needed  a little extra strength. That is why I turned immediately to my first  interview trying to talk about police reform because, as a guy who has  been stopped 18 times in the years of the 2000s, I take it seriously.  Being stopped seven times in a single year, being stopped this year,  being stopped last November, being stopped coming into the Senate with  my pin on--sure, I get it. But I don't point fingers at the other side,  saying that they are just not serious about the issue. It is just not  what we should do.   I assume that everybody should be serious about the issue, but I have  to tell you, it is with a heavy heart--it is with a heavy heart that I  believe that, had we had more money for body cameras, we would be in a  different position today than we were in 2015. But I didn't have  anybody who wanted to have this conversation or, at least, they didn't  have this conversation.   I believe there are good people of good intent on the other side of  the aisle. I think there are people of good intent on our side of the  aisle. I think the fact is that most Americans are tired of Republicans  and Democrats talking about Republicans and Democrats. I think most  Americans are tired of our talking about election outcomes and polls.  ``What about me?'' is what they are saying.   I am suggesting that this bill, the JUSTICE Act, is a serious  nationwide effort tackling the issues of police reform, accountability,  and transparency. It is grounded in bipartisan principles because I  believe that the other side has some stuff we have to hear and that our  side has some stuff they need to hear. If we do that, we will have the  votes to have a real debate next week on this bill, but if we don't do  that, we will just talk about scoring political points, and you will go  on MSNBC or CNN, and we will go on FOX, and everybody will have their  chatter, and more people in the communities of color will have less  confidence in the institutions of power and authority in this Nation  because we missed the moment. We missed it 5 years ago. We don't have  to miss it now.   As you know, I am not really into theatrics. I don't run toward  microphones. I have had a lot of them these last 7 days. I don't talk a  lot in conference because, why say what other people are saying? They  have probably said it better. I don't demonize the other side because I  know that in order to get anything done in this conference, on this  committee, in this Senate, you have to have 60 votes. Plus, if you have  a grievance with your brother, talk to them. Talk to them. I have tried  to do that.   As I am sure I am running out of time, let me just say that the  families I sat down with yesterday--they don't think working on body  cameras is a token experience. They don't think sitting down with the  President of the United States, with tears filling their eyes, running  down their cheeks, talking about their lost loved ones is a token  experience. The law enforcement officers in that meeting with those  families do not believe that having a serious conversation about police  reform is a token experience. They don't believe that coresponders for  the one man who was in the room, whose son was having a mental episode,  who was shot on the scene--he doesn't think this was a token  experience.   Shame on us. Shame on us if we are unwilling to have a serious  conversation about a serious issue that, in my opinion, is a greater  threat to this Nation than perhaps anything we have seen. We have never  solved it because we are all having political points. That is wrong. It  is just not right.   Let me say to all of my colleagues, Senator Lankford, Senators  Capito, Sasse, Lindsey, Barrasso, and Alexander: Thank you. Thank you  for giving a voice to a serious issue.   