 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the American people are crying out for  major, significant changes in policing in this country. Being killed by  the police is now the sixth leading cause of death for young men in  America. Young Black men are 2.5 times more likely than White men to be  killed by police, while Black women are 1.4 times more likely than  White women to be killed by police.   As hundreds of thousands of Americans of all ages and colors take to  the streets to demand change, we need legislation that rises to the  moment. So Democrats introduced a bill 3 weeks ago that would bring  strong, comprehensive, and lasting change to police departments across  America: the Justice in Policing Act.   Our colleagues in the House are expected to pass that bill this week.  However, here in the Senate, our Republican colleagues have responded  to our comprehensive proposal with an approach that is piecemeal and  halfhearted. The longer you look at the Republican policing reform  effort, the more obvious are the shortcomings and deficiencies.   The Republican bill does nothing--nothing to reform the legal  standards that shield police from accountability for violating  Americans' constitutional rights. The Republican bill does nothing-- nothing to encourage independent investigations of police departments  with patterns and practices that violate the Constitution. The  Republican bill does nothing--nothing to reform the use of force  standard, nothing--nothing on qualified immunity, nothing on racial  profiling, and nothing on limiting the transfer of military equipment  to police departments.   The Republican bill doesn't even truly ban choke holds or no-knock  warrants. It leaves major loopholes when it comes to choke holds and  only requires more data on no-knock warrants. More data would not have  saved Breonna Taylor's life. Allowing police to use choke holds  whenever they say that deadly force is necessary is not going to save  lives.   We need a bill that achieves genuine police reform. The Republican  proposal comes across like a list of suggestions.   I would repeat this important warning: If we pass a bill that is  ineffective and the killings continue and police departments resist  change and there is no accountability, the wound in our society will  not close; it will fester. This is not about making an effort or  dipping our toes in the water. It must be about solving a problem that  is taking the lives of too many Black Americans.   This is not a time for studies or commissions or tinkering around the  edges.  [[Page S3115]]  This is not a debate about tax policy or transportation policy. It is a  matter of the constitutional rights of the American people, and it is  truly a matter of life and death.   Unfortunately, Senator Scott's bill is deeply and fundamentally  flawed. It would not have prevented the death of George Floyd or  Breonna Taylor or Ahmaud Arbery or Michael Brown or Eric Garner, and if  it will not stop future deaths of Black Americans in police custody,  then it does not represent the change that is demanded right now.   