 Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bill.   As Chairman of the Agriculture, Rural Development, and FDA  Subcommittee of Appropriations, I want to acknowledge the tremendous  cooperation between the Appropriations and authorizing committees in  producing this bill so quickly.   It takes a truly multi-jurisdictional approach to addressing the  urgent needs, many families will have, as we face this pandemic.   [The fight against this scourge will be tough and we must be  prepared.]   Last week we provided $61 million to FDA for the development and  review of medical countermeasures, devices, therapies, and vaccines to  combat the coronavirus.   Today, we work to protect our families.   Cancellation of conferences, sporting events and other gatherings is  having a major impact on the hospitality, transportation, and related  industries, resulting in layoffs that will likely cause families to  turn to WIC and food banks for help.   Schools are closing, leaving children without free and reduced-price  meals.  [[Page H1689]]    But I am pleased this bill would allow households with eligible  children to receive emergency SNAP assistance to put food on the table.   Three programs get additional funds in this bill.   First, we provide $500 million for WIC to provide nutritious foods  for low-income pregnant women or mothers with young children who lose  their jobs or are laid off due to the coronavirus emergency.   Second, we provide $400 million for The Emergency Food Assistance  Program--TEFAP--to help local food banks meet increased demand during  the emergency.   Third, we provide $100 million for Nutrition Assistance for the U.S.  Territories. Puerto Rico, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana  Islands rely on Congress to block grant their SNAP funds in an  emergency and these funds will support their pandemic response.   Thanks to the Chairs and staffs of the Appropriations and authorizing  committees who worked so hard over the last 72 hours on this bill. It  will bring relief, consolation, and hopefully food security to our  constituents.   