 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this updated Heroes Act.  This bill is about people and not about politics.   As chairman of the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development,  Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, I will highlight  the important provisions of this bill from my section, which touches  the lives of every American in some way.   It provides a total of $15.4 billion to help Americans put food on  the table, to keep their homes, protect agricultural products from  pests and diseases, deliver stress assistance to our farmers and  producers, and evaluate coronavirus vaccine applications.   We provide $10 billion to SNAP, an additional $400 million for WIC,  for working families who have lost their jobs and are laid off due to  the COVID-19 emergency. We included $450 million for TEFAP food banks,  and $1.2 billion for nutrition assistance for the territories. All of  these programs will increase food security during this crisis.   To keep our food supply safe and thriving during the COVID-19  pandemic, we provided $350 million for the Agricultural Quarantine  Inspection Program. We included $2.5 million for the USDA Office of  Inspector General to increase their monitoring and oversight  activities.   For our farmers and producers who are under increased pressure in an  already difficult environment, we provided $20 million to activities  and services to provide stress assistance resources.   For our rural Americans, we included $10 million to address the  increased workload for the Rural Development program employees; $2.6  billion for grants to our rural electric co-ops so the lights can stay  on; and $309 million to the Rural Housing Service to assist rural  tenants who have lost their jobs in this pandemic.   Finally, so we can begin to see light at the end of this COVID-19  tunnel, we provided $1.5 million to the Food and Drug Administration to  support their safety evaluations of the coronavirus vaccine  applications going forward.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. This is a  good bill. It is long overdue. The American people need it and deserve  it, and I urge my colleagues to pass it.   