 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, another Congress is ending, a President's  term is coming to a close, and, yet again, this Senate, the President,  Washington have failed to address the pension crisis facing far too  many workers.   The American people are tired of waiting for us to do our jobs, and  they are tired of being told by Leader McConnell and President Trump:  You are on your own.   The House has twice passed legislation that would address the  multiemployer pension crisis, but under Leader McConnell the Senate has  failed these Americans. As for the White House, I don't even think  President Trump knows, much less cares, about the multiemployer pension  crisis.   We ought to be working to support all the workers and retirees around  the country whose lives have been upended during this pandemic, and  that should include more than a million Americans in multiemployer  pension system. After a lifetime of hard work and service to our  country, they have already waited too long for Congress to do its job  and to protect the benefits that these workers earned through a  lifetime of work.   We have been trying to solve this crisis for years. The House has  done its part. They passed the solution multiple times now. Mitch  McConnell, the leader of the Senate, is deliberately blocking it, and  his party and his Members and the President support him in blocking it.   Senate Republicans said this week that after a year of negotiating  and talking to stakeholders, they made substantial progress toward a  common ground, but then they released legislation that walked back all  the progress that we had made. It is a betrayal of the people whom we  serve.   This pension crisis affects retirees across the country of all  political parties. Unions, chambers of commerce, and small businesses  pretty much all agree that we need to get this done. Unfortunately,  Mitch McConnell doesn't.   There is no excuse for Senate Republicans standing in the way of a  deal. This only gets more expensive the longer we wait. The longer we  wait, the harder it will be to solve this. We waited year after year  after year while Senator McConnell has simply twiddled his thumbs.   The public health crisis and the economic crisis we are facing right  now are not happening in a vacuum. The damage caused by the pandemic  and the President's failures is layered on top of all the existing  problems in our country, including the crisis facing these workers and  retirees who are in danger of losing the retirement security that they  earned. I always emphasize ``that they earned.''   These pension plans were already in danger. Now the economic  emergency we are in has put them in a worse position. We are talking  about retirees who did everything right. They spent years working on  assembly lines, bagging groceries, driving trucks, working  construction--working hard to keep our economy going. Money came out of  every single one of their paychecks to earn these pensions.   People in this town don't understand the collective bargaining  process. People give up dollars today at the bargaining table for the  promise of a secure retirement with good healthcare and a pension.  Think about that. These workers are sitting around a table with their  representatives, bargaining, collectively bargaining with management,  saying: OK, we will take a smaller salary. We will take a smaller  hourly wage today so that money will go into pensions and healthcare.   Yet because this Senate won't act, because Senator McConnell never  calls us together to do this--to take care of workers--these workers  are losing parts of their pension.   This crisis in my State affects thousands of people. It affects the  massive Central States Pension Plan, the Bricklayers Local 7, the Iron  Workers Local 17, the Ohio Southwest Carpenters Pension Plan, the  Bakers and Confectioners Pension Plan, and on and on and on and on.   It touches every single State from Mississippi to Ohio, from  Massachusetts to California--every State in this country. We are  talking about our entire multiemployer pension system. If it collapses,  it won't just be retirees who will feel the pain. Current workers will  be stuck paying into pensions they will never receive.   Small businesses will be left drowning in pension liabilities they  can't afford to pay--small businesses that have been in the family for  generations. And there are a number of them in Ohio, businesses that  people in this body will have heard of that make products they use.  Small businesses and family businesses could face bankruptcy. Workers  will lose jobs as businesses are forced to close up shop.   The effects will ripple across the entire country at a time when we  can least afford it. We knew before the pandemic that this system could  collapse. It is more likely to fail now. That is why the Senate must  act.   We know who will get hurt the most if the system collapses. It is not  Wall Street. It is never Wall Street when it comes to Senator  McConnell. It is never Wall Street that gets hurt. It is small  businesses. It is their employees. It is the people who make this  country work. Their lives, their livelihoods will be devastated if  Congress fails again.   Workers and retirees in Ohio and around the country have rallied in  the name of Butch Lewis, a great Ohioan who helped lead this fight, who  passed  [[Page S7838]]  away far too soon fighting for his fellow workers. His widow, Rita, has  become my friend. She has continued this fight. She has become a leader  and an inspiration to so many of us.   I brought her to the State of the Union twice. She has made the trip  here over and over, along with so many workers and retirees. They  travel all day and night on buses. They have rallied in the bitter cold  of the winter and in hot DC summers. Their government, their majority  leader, their President refuse to listen and turn their backs.   Rita once told me that retirees and workers struggling with this  crisis feel like they are invisible. They feel like they are invisible.  To far too many people in Washington, they are invisible. They are not  invisible to me. They are not invisible to Speaker Pelosi or Leader  Schumer or Senator Smith or Senator Peters or Chairman Neal or Chairman  Scott--all of whom have joined with me on fighting for this--and to so  many colleagues who worked for years now trying to find a bipartisan  solution. We won't give up until these retirees' benefits are  protected.   It comes back to the dignity of work. When work has dignity, we honor  the security--the retirement security--that people earned--again,  sitting down at the bargaining table. Workers give up wages today to  put money aside, matched by employers, generally, for the future, for  this retirement.   They made the right decision back then, but we are not making the  right decision right now as their pensions are in trouble. I urge my  colleagues in this body--colleagues with healthcare and retirement  plans paid for by taxpayers, all of us who are in this body--to think  about these retired workers and the stress they are facing.   Join us. Let's pass a solution that honors their work. Let's honor  their work. Let's honor the dignity of work. Let's keep our promise to  them.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   