 Mr. Chairman, we all want to keep our communities safe  from chemicals that can pose a threat to the health of our  constituents. However, we need to get the solution right and not settle  on a one-size-fits-all approach.   As currently written, the PFAS Action Act does not get it right,  because it would impose Superfund liability under CERCLA on lifesaving  and other medically beneficial products that have already undergone a  rigorous approval process conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug  Administration to ensure they are safe to use in medicine.   To designate these lifesaving devices as a hazardous substance is  inappropriate and may cost American lives.   That is why I am disappointed that my amendment to exempt FDA- approved or -cleared products from liability under section 107 of  CERCLA with respect to PFAS was not made in order.   As a physician, I have firsthand experience with lifesaving medical  devices that include PFAS, such as vascular grafts, stent grafts, heart  patches, catheter tubes, and more.   In fact, this medical device right here, which you see pictured  behind me, is used to close what is called an atrial septal defect, a  procedure used to close a hole in the heart. This product contains  polytetrafluoroethylene, a PFAS.   As a surgeon, I used to have to perform open heart surgery, with  weeks of recovery and rehab for patients after this procedure.   This device now allows it to be done sometimes as an outpatient.   This bill, as it stands, would deny Hoosiers and Americans the  healing power of modern medical devices using PFAS, and instead, lead  to costly litigation, which would increase the underlying costs of  healthcare.    We must be careful before instituting a one-size-fits-all approach to  PFAS.   Mr. Chair, for that reason, I urge my colleagues to oppose the  legislation.    I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus).    That is my understanding. That is correct.    That is correct.    That is correct.    Well, because it has not been shown to be toxic. It has  been approved by the FDA and shown to be safe for patient use. And we  might not be able to use them in the future if it is declared toxic.   