 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding and for her long career helping working men and women  throughout the Nation.   I rise in support of this historic legislation. Under this bill, we  were able to secure expansion of Pell grants to make it easier for  students to access aid by streamlining the free application for Federal  student aid. We were able to eliminate the ban on Pell grants for  incarcerated students. We were able to discharge debts for many  historically Black colleges and universities. And we were able to  invest $82 billion in schools and colleges.   I am particularly proud that we were able to provide an end to the  legal prohibition of the use of Federal funds in transportation to  promote school integration. That is right. It is still illegal until  this bill passes.   Finally, I want to praise the inclusion in this legislation of the  fact that we are finally ending surprise medical bills and the problems  along those lines.   Mr. Speaker, I hope we will pass the bill and do a lot for students  and workers.    Mr. Speaker, The House amendment to the Senate  amendment to H.R. 133, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021,  includes many important provisions. Among them is Section 203 of Title  II, Division BB, based on H.R. 7539, the Strengthening Behavioral  Health Parity Act--an important step forward in improving the effective  enforcement of mental health parity laws that govern group and  individual health plans and coverage. I am pleased to see this  legislation advance as part of our continuing efforts to ensure the  promise of parity is realized for all.   As Chairman of the Committee on Education and Labor, which has  legislative jurisdiction over employee health benefit plans (including  provisions of the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act and the  Employee Retirement Income Security Act or ERISA) as well as oversight  jurisdiction over the United States Department of Labor, I would like  to provide additional clarification for the record regarding the  interactions between this legislation and existing enforcement and  compliance efforts by the Secretary of Labor.   First, no provision of Section 203 in any way restricts, alters, or  otherwise interferes with the existing enforcement and oversight  authority of the Secretary of Labor, including the Secretary's  authority to investigate, audit, and seek equitable or other relief to  enforce any requirements of federal law. The requirement that the  Secretary examine the comparative analyses of at least 20 plans  annually serves as a floor, not a ceiling, on the Department's  enforcement actions, and the Department remains authorized to continue  to utilize its broad authority under Sections 502, 504, 506 of ERISA  and other laws to enforce all requirements of this bill, Part 7 of  ERISA, and any other requirements of federal law.   Second, no provision of Section 203 in any way restricts, alters, or  otherwise interferes with the rights of group health plan participants  to bring an action to enforce their rights under Section 502 of ERISA,  nor does it impact judicial review of any statutory violations. This  bill also should not be interpreted to create any additional  presumption in favor of health plans and issuers during judicial review  of nonquantitative treatment limitation (NQTL) determinations, and the  Secretary remains authorized to seek equitable or other relief,  including relief regarding the re-adjudication of claims. All  provisions should be interpreted to ensure the broadest access to  relief for plan participants.   