 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  6395, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021.   I want to begin by congratulating Chairman Smith and Ranking Member  Thornberry for the strong bipartisan bill, which was unanimously passed  by the committee 56-0. I am particularly pleased with the provisions in  our Intelligence and Emerging Threats and Capabilities portion of the  bill.   My subcommittee's provisions reflect key national security interests  and critical defense oversight areas, including intelligence, cyber,  science and technology, and Special Operations Forces.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member Stefanik for her  bipartisan cooperation, and I want to thank the other members of the  subcommittee for their extraordinary input that make this mark so  strong. Sound collaboration is what sets this committee apart as we  maintain the now 60-year tradition of passing an annual defense  authorization bill to support members of the military and provide for  our national security. The ranking member, the vice chair, Mr. Crow,  and my IETC colleagues exemplify this spirit.   I would also like to thank, of course, the staff, who without their  input and work, this would not be possible. Committee staff Shannon,  Josh, Jessica, Bess, Eric, Jason, and Caroline; my military legislative  assistant, Caroline; and fellows Matt and Allison were instrumental in  its development, and my legislative director, Nick.   Mr. Speaker, our subcommittee mark aligns intelligence and security  capabilities to the National Defense Strategy, and I am particularly  proud that it incorporates recommendations from two commissions  comprising some of our Nation's most forward-thinking defense experts.   The National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence's work  will lay the foundation for the country's workforce, ethics, and  security requirements as machine learning and artificial intelligence  tools become more prevalent.   The Cyberspace Solarium Commission, which I had the pleasure to serve  on with my colleague, Congressman Gallagher, who co-chaired the  commission, has provided a strategic vision of layered cyber  deterrence, and this bill includes nearly 20 recommendations to  implement it.   This bill enriches the Department of Defense science and technology  ecosystem. We add over $600 million in science and technology funding  to confront rising science powers.   We restore $135 million to the cooperative threat reduction account,  fixing a devastating cut in the President's budget.   We add over $1 billion in a pandemic preparedness and resilience  national security fund.   Mr. Speaker, great power competition also is a race for talent. This  bill diversifies the Department's workforce and emphasizes  collaboration with historically Black colleges and universities and  minority institutions. It will also protect foreign students at our  great universities from being deported. It also ensures that Special  Operations Forces remain the most talented, professional, agile, and  ready force postured for high-end missions.    Finally, our bill funds the Navy's number one procurement priority,  the Columbia-class submarine, and it restores funding for two Virginia- class boats, one of which had been cut by the President. I know what  amazing capabilities these submarines provide because they are built in  my district in Rhode Island by the hardworking men and women of  Electric Boat, and I was proud to work with Chairman Courtney on these  provisions.   Mr. Speaker, this bill demonstrates our commitment to national  security while increasing oversight and reducing redundancy to ensure  our taxpayer dollars are spent efficiently and effectively, and I urge  my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the en bloc package  and speak in favor of the 11 Cyberspace Solarium Commission-related  floor amendments that my colleagues and I have offered.   Created in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA, the Solarium Commission was  charged with developing a strategic approach to stop cyber incidents of  significant consequence, and we did so through our strategy of layered  cyber deterrence. Importantly, we also put forth recommendations on how  to implement that strategy.   One of our most important recommendations is the establishment of an  Office of the National Cyber Director within the Executive Office of  the President. We need to coordinate across the interagency on a truly  whole-of-nation strategy. This long-overdue policy change will finally  be accomplished in this NDAA.   We also implement a recommendation to clarify the roles and  responsibilities of sector risk management agencies, and, thanks to  Congressman Richmond, we will also create a Joint Cyber Planning Office  at CISA at the Department of Homeland Security to ensure we get ahead  of incidents before they happen.   Taken as a whole, these amendments will materially alter our  cybersecurity posture for the better.   I am incredibly grateful to all the commissioners of the Cyberspace  Solarium Commission, particularly to our co-chairs, Mr. Gallagher and  Senator King, and I look forward to our continuing work.   