 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this morning  the Senate Judiciary Committee reported out Judge Amy Coney Barrett's  nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court. I was proud to vote for her in  committee.   Unfortunately, my friends on the other side of the aisle decided to  boycott the executive session. In addition, each day, the Democratic  leader has attempted to adjourn the Senate.   They say that the Senate should not be working on the nomination of  Amy Coney Barrett, and that it is delaying work on COVID relief. Now we  hear today that we are delaying work and not even engaging in any  response to the election interference that we knew 4 years ago occurred  and which, as my colleague said, nobody should be surprised that we  heard again that there are efforts on election interference by Russia,  by Iran, and others.   Yesterday, there were three different live unanimous consent requests  like this to bypass committees and immediately pass legislation without  debate or amendments. These motions to adjourn and take-it-or-leave-it  requests are a fight over the Senate floor schedule rather than  building the necessary bipartisan support to pass needed legislation.   We are told that we haven't done anything for 4 years, turning to  focus specifically on the question of election interference. The  reality is that we have already signed into law the Countering  America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act--or CAATSA--the BRINK Act;  the Hong Kong Autonomy Act that substantially expanded sanctions on  Russia, North Korea, and China; and the White House, in addition, has  taken steps to use its IEEPA authority to impose additional targeted  sanctions on those who attempted to interfere in the U.S. election.   We are told we aren't doing anything to work on the COVID relief  package. My colleague from Maryland mentioned that they tried to pass  the Heroes Act here in the Senate through a similar tactic that we are  seeing today with regard to the DETER Act. What he didn't point out was  that twice we have tried to bring forward a $500 billion COVID relief  package on the floor of this Senate only to have the effort to even  move to the bill rejected by our colleagues on the other side. And we  tried to bring forward the PPP Act just 2 days ago, only to have that  act stopped by our colleagues on the other side of the Senate who now  tell us that we aren't trying to pass legislation to help deal with  COVID relief.   The reality is that we won't accept--without debate or amendment-- their take-it-or-leave-it proposals, and we need to get a bill on the  floor to start dealing with these things.   Let's go back to election interference because I found it just  remarkable that the claim is made that when we passed major  legislation--with over 90 Senators on this floor voting for it--that  put specific sanction authority and sanctions on Russia for election  interference, for its aggression in Crimea, and for its other  aggressive behavior around the globe--particularly its cyber security  violations--and we have been implementing sanctions for that entire  period of time. I just want to review a little bit of it.   On top of it, as I indicated, the President has used his IEEPA  authority for additional sanctions activity. The President signed an  Executive order that allows for sanctions on any nation or individual  who authorizes, directs, or sponsors interference in our elections.   The National Defense Authorization Act, signed by the President last  year, included numerous provisions designed to strengthen our  deterrence against foreign interference.   The President has taken a strong stand against Russia for its malign  activities, including imposing sanctions on more than 300 separate  Russian-related targets through 32 distinct actions; imposing sanctions  against 7 Russian oligarchs, their 12 companies and 17 senior Russian  government officials; establishing rolling designations to strengthen  sanctions in response to Russian aggression against Ukraine and Russian  efforts to evade sanctions on North Korea, Syria, Iran, and others;  imposing sanctions against 16 entities and individuals, including  affiliates of the Russian Internet Research Agency for their roles in  Russian interference in our elections; imposing sanctions against three  individuals and five entities in Sudan assisting the IRA financier,  Prigozhin, in evading previously imposed sanctions; designating three  additional IRA actors for supporting the IRA's crypto currency  accounts; imposing sanctions on Russian-related oil brokers for their  role in assisting the circumvention of sanctions against Venezuela;  expelling 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States. And  the list goes on. The argument that this administration and this Senate  have done nothing is simply false.   Let's just talk a little more about election interference. The  administration here, domestically, has taken unprecedented action to  bolster the security of our elections and to counter foreign malign  influence. President Trump signed into legislation passed by this  Senate that spent more than $1.2 billion in the States for election  [[Page S6392]]  security, infrastructure strengthening, and technological enhancements.   The President funded the formation of the Election Infrastructure  Information Sharing and Analysis Center, a center which helps share  security information with elected officials across all 50 States and  more than 2,400 local and territorial electoral offices.   The administration has conducted hundreds of cyber security  assessments at no cost to election officials and provides vulnerability  reports on a weekly basis.   The administration has traveled the country to hold exercises in  training with State and local election officials and their private  sector partners to improve and test their ability to prepare for and  respond to cyber incidents   The administration has held multiple national-level tabletop-to-vote  exercises with thousands of State and local election officials and  private sector partners nationwide.   The administration has provided tailored security guidance to nearly  6,000 local election jurisdictions.   Under President Trump, the administration has pushed to increase the  security of elections through auditable paper ballots, and now more  than 92 percent of the voters in the general election will cast their  ballots with an auditable paper record.   I could go on and on about this, but the bottom line is, yes, we do  need to work and continue to be alert--and my colleague from Maryland  knows that I am willing to work on these issues--but we can't just  continue to have these take-it-or-leave-it, no-amendment, no- opportunity-for-change unanimous consent requests in the context of the  obstruction effort being undertaken right now to try to delay and  interfere with a vote on Amy Coney Barrett.   We can work on all of these issues. I invite my colleagues on the  other side to vote yes the next time we try to bring a COVID relief  bill to the floor.   Because of these reasons, I object.    Mr. President, just to briefly respond.    Mr. President, first of all, the notion that there has  been blockage of a deal on this side is news to me. The notion that we  did not accept the Heroes Act from the House is not news. Trying to put  the Heroes Act on the floor of the Senate without the opportunity for  debate or amendment is also not the right way to try to build  bipartisan legislation for a deal.   I also find it incredible that this administration's actions  sanctioning Russia are considered to be a pinprick in comparison to  whatever greater sledgehammer is supposedly needed.   The CAATSA legislation that I referenced, which was passed in the  first year following the election of President Trump, which President  Trump signed and supported, was a massive increase in American sanction  authority against Russia--and North Korea, by the way--and has been  utilized more by this President than any sanction authority that any  other President has ever had. The sanction regime that we are putting  in place today against Russia is designed to go aggressively at  election interference. The argument that nobody is doing anything is  simply wrong.   Now, I stand ready to work to build even stronger sanction regimes  that can work without destroying our own economy or work without  destroying our own industry in different sectors, which is part of the  problem with the bill that is being proposed without amendment here  today. But we need to recognize that the accusations that this  administration and this Senate do not take election interference  seriously when we passed the most significant, sweeping legislation  that has ever been passed in this country to deal with it--and that  there is no effort to try to work on the COVID relief package--is just  part of, frankly, the political attack of the day.   I am sorry. This is simply wrong. If we want to work together on  either of these two issues or other issues, we can  [[Page S6393]]  on this floor, but we can't do it by these kinds of motions to adjourn  and unanimous consent requests to bring bills to the floor and pass  them without amendment. It is just not the way. And my colleague knows  this is the kind of thing that Republicans and Democrats do. They want  to bring attention to their legislation. But that is not the way you  build a bipartisan agreement that can actually become law.   