 Mr. President, tomorrow, on this floor, the Senate will  reconvene again as a court to vote on two Articles of Impeachment  against President Trump. Now, after performing my due diligence, along  with many others, and considering all assertions by the House and  Senate managers, I believe the President should be acquitted from both  charges. I do not believe that removal from office is warranted, more  especially during an election year.   I, like everyone in this body, listened to 12 days of debate and  testimony covering nearly 90 hours. I spent time meeting with my fellow  Senators in order to reach a conclusion that was, one, fair; and two,  met our constitutional mandates; and three, what will best serve our  Nation.   I did not seek that responsibility. However, I have tried to carry it  out to the best of my ability. As a Senate juror, I was asked to weigh  whether or not the House Articles of Impeachment charging the President  with obstruction of Congress or abuse of power had merit and, if true,  whether the offenses rose to a level that requires the President to be  removed from office--again, during an election year.   And like many of us, I am troubled by multiple factors. Quite  frankly, I am troubled with the House managers' demand that we in the  Senate fill in the gaps of their investigation and call more witnesses,  something they failed to execute themselves. The job of the Senate is  to be an honest jury, if you will, and not take up the role of  prosecutor or prosecution. Nonetheless, after hearing House managers'  statements, it is clear this is exactly the role they insisted we do.   I am troubled that countless times the House managers made Senators  feel as if we were the ones on trial. I believe the House managers were  both incorrect and demanding, constantly stating that Senators have no  choice but to agree with their line of reasoning, and if we did not,  then we would deal with the consequences--a veiled threat yet to be  defined.   I served in the House 16 years. For 12 years before that, I was chief  of staff for a House Member. I know the House. I truly enjoyed my  service there. But you don't come to the Senate and point fingers at  Senate Members and make the insinuation that we are on trial if we do  not do the right thing, as they have concluded. Enough of that.   Additionally, my top concern was what precedence would be set for  future Presidents and their expectations of privacy in conversation  with their advisers, not to mention the future, with regard to this  situation, once again, with our Nation finding itself in a whirlpool of  partisan impeachment. I have been most troubled that the House managers  have not put cause before personal animus. I would think, back in the  day, perhaps, that they had a barrel--like a rain barrel to capture the  excess water off of the roof. I know we had that in Dodge City. I think  it probably sat right over there. It is flowing over with personal  animus. It is a rain barrel to catch that and get rid of it and let us  get back to our business. I deeply regret that.   As has been stated frequently, Alexander Hamilton described it best,  that charges against the President ``will seldom fail to agitate the  passions of the whole community, and to divide it into parties more or  less friendly or inimical to the accused. In many cases it will connect  itself with the pre-existing factions, and will enlist all their  animosities, partialities, influence, and interest on one side or the  other; and in such cases there will always be the greatest danger [to  our Nation] that the decision will be regulated more by the comparative  strength of parties, than by the real demonstrations of innocence or  guilt.''   I don't know how many Senators and, for that matter, the  distinguished professor from Harvard, Professor Dershowitz, said that  over and over again. Unfortunately, the warning of Alexander Hamilton  and our Founders have come into fruition today. It is infectious and  harming our ability to function as the United States Senate, where the  threads of comity are already getting pretty frayed, threadbare.   In this regard, I appreciated yesterday when the White House counsel  showed clips of major bills important to the American people that we  have done in a bipartisan fashion, despite our differences, despite the  animus in the Senate, especially highlighting something called the farm  bill, where we achieved 87 votes, with the support, by the way, of the  distinguished Presiding Officer. We don't always agree on every issue  on the Ag Committee, but we can work together to accomplish great  things for America. We have done that with the farm bill. Along with  Senator Stabenow and the entire Agriculture Committee, we are the least  partisan committee in this distinguished body. That is what we do in  the Senate; that is what we do on behalf of our farmers, ranchers, our  growers--everybody throughout rural and smalltown America--and we are  charged with certainty and predictability, and we had to get it done.  That is what the White House has done on a number of occasions. We use  the threads of comity to get things done. It needs a lot of  restitching.   So I ask, have President Trump's actions risen to the level and  vision by our Founding Fathers and the Constitution as high crimes and  misdemeanors warranting removal from office? Our Constitution requires  that the threshold for that judgment must be set by each Senator  sitting as a juror.   All of us in this Senate have concerns about the direction this  country is heading, but let me just stress that we have come through,  time and time again, dark times. These are not the worst of times. When  I first arrived here in the Senate as a chief of staff for Senator  Frank Carlson, it was within weeks we had the horrible tragedy of the  assassination of Martin Luther King. Washington was burning. Marines  were on the Capitol steps with sandbags and live ammunition. That was  tough. Vietnam tore the country apart, so did Watergate, so did the  impeachment of Bill Clinton, so did Iran-Contra, just to name a few.   Today a charge of impeachment against the President has placed this  Nation in jeopardy again. The House managers' assertions are exactly  the kind of situation the Framers were trying to avoid--the remarks by  Alexander Hamilton that I just read--as they devised the impeachment  mechanism to remove a sitting President whose actions endangered the  Republic.   However, as we did back then, we will once again come together. As I  said, these are not the worst of times, and we have always pulled it  together. We are a strong nation because we have strong people. We are  a strong nation because it is in our nature to work together, even as  we disagree among ourselves.   So I made my choice very clear, and my plea is, let us restore the  threads of comity in this distinguished body. Work together, we must.  We will emerge strong because we will.   I yield the floor.   