 Madam President, one of the great privileges that I have  enjoyed as a U.S. Senator and a member of the Senate Armed Services  Committee has been the opportunity to get to know and support our men  and women in uniform. I have been proud to represent the people of the  great State of Alabama, a State where patriotism runs deep and for whom  service is a way of life.   Col. Scott Grant, U.S. Air Force, is a perfect example. Colonel Grant  retired this summer, and since I was not able to attend his retirement  ceremony this past Saturday, I decided I would say here what I wanted  to say there, in the hangar in Birmingham, AL, where he had spent the  last few years of his career.   Colonel Grant retired as the commander of the 117th Air Refueling  Wing, Alabama Air National Guard, Sumpter Smith Joint National Guard  Base in Birmingham, AL.   The 117th was the first military installation that I visited after my  election in 2017 and swearing-in, in January of 2018. I can tell you,  at that first visit, Colonel Grant set a pretty high bar for the future  visits I would have to the many other military installations in  Alabama, and we have quite a few. He set a high bar for those I would  meet later because of his dedication to his unit, to his mission, and  to the men and women he commanded.   It was immediately apparent--his dedication and professionalism--and  it has guided his every decision in all our interactions over the next  2\1/2\ years. Scott's unwavering commitment to excellence earned him  the respect of all those who served with him, but his genuine love for  the men and women who served under his command earned him their  affection. In other words, Col. Scott Grant had and has his priorities  in order, and everyone who knew him and met him could see that  immediately.   In 2019, the 117th won STRATCOM's Omaha Trophy. The Omaha Trophy is  one of the most prestigious awards in the military. It was the first  time that an Air National Guard unit had received this prestigious  award. Then STRATCOM Commander Gen. John Hyten said: ``The Omaha Trophy  represents the best of the best in units executing strategic  deterrence.''   The 117th won in the area of strategic aircraft for their many  missions around the world protecting America. It was an award that the  unit and Colonel Grant richly deserved. I was really honored to be  present at that awards ceremony, and I can remember, as Brigadier  General Stevenson said: ``To put it simply, the 117th Air Refueling  Wing was the most outstanding in their Nuclear Operational Readiness  Inspection and their dedication to the mission itself. As a traditional  guard unit, but with a total force, they have accomplished unique tasks  and in an innovative way that we absolutely need to meet future  challenges that STRATCOM faces.'' True to form, in his acceptance  speech, Scott gave the credit to the men and women in his command.   With 7,000 military flight hours, Scott's deployments have spanned  the globe, and his awards and decorations are almost too numerous to  list. Here are just a few: the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the  Meritorious Service Medal with two oakleaf clusters, Air Medal with  seven oakleaf clusters, Aerial Achievement Medal with two oakleaf  clusters, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with Valor and two oakleaf  clusters, Combat Readiness Medal with 10 oakleaf clusters, National  Defense Service Medal with one Bronze Star, the Southwest Asia Service  Medal with three Bronze Stars, the Kosovo Campaign Medal with one  Bronze Star, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with one Bronze Star, the  Iraq Campaign Medal with one Bronze Star, the Humanitarian Service  Medal, the Alabama National Emergency Service Medal and Service Medal  with one device, the Alabama Special Service Medal--and the list just  goes on and on.   We could be here all night, but I will stop there and just say that,  rated as a command pilot and an instructor, Colonel Grant has been  described as a pilot's pilot, one from whom you learn something every  time you fly with him.   So it is good news for the Air Force. The good-news-bad-news story:  The bad news is the retirement from the 117th, but the good news is, in  his retirement, Colonel Grant is going to continue training airmen on  the KC-135 simulators in Oklahoma.   Scott, you have served your country with honor and distinction, and  you are a credit to the State of Alabama and the United States of  America. It is my great honor to call you a friend. Thank you.   Congratulations on an outstanding career. Best wishes for clear skies  in retirement, and although I did not serve in the military, I salute  you, sir.   