 Madam Speaker, as we stand here today, I look at this  bill with mixed emotions.   Like the gentleman from New York, from the Ways and Means Committee,  I, too, have a 16-year-old son, and we have had discussions about the  youth vaping epidemic and a real desire to curb--not only curb, but to  end youth vaping. It is a public health crisis, and we must address it.   We have done some very important things in this body.   I heard one speaker, a few minutes ago, say that the President has  done nothing to address this issue. I think signing into law T21 is a  very important piece of legislation and a very big step.   Doing all that we can to end youth vaping and youth use of tobacco is  important. As a healthcare provider for 25 years, I understand this.  More importantly, as a father of a teenager, I understand it.   I have learned in Congress that many times I don't get to vote on the  bill that I want; I have to vote on the bill that is in front of me,  and that is just the way it goes here.   But I will tell you what. This bill makes it almost impossible--as a  matter of fact, it makes it impossible to do the one thing that we all  agree on, which is that we need to end youth vaping, because let me  tell you what this bill does. It goes way beyond that.   I would be willing to bet that most Americans in the districts of the  sponsors of these bills don't know everything that these folks are  about to vote on. I would be willing to bet, as they should, that they  have communicated to the constituents back home that they are attacking  youth vaping. That is a solid, solid thing to do. But what I bet that  they haven't done is tell them what else they are about to do.   The gentleman from Oregon, the ranking member on the Committee on  Energy and Commerce, in the previous section of this debate held up a  poster with many of the products that are about to be banned. I bet  most Americans don't know that that is coming, and I think that they  should know. I think it should be part of this discussion.   I think it is outrageous that this body, once again, is going to try  to tell the American people what they can have and what they can't  have.   They are not banning tobacco; they are only banning choices.   They are not taxing high-end tobacco; they are taxing low-end  tobacco.   They are not taxing high-end cigars; they are taxing the cigars that  the working class, the men and women out there that are on the lines  every day, the ones that they are using.   What I find that is just absolutely remarkable on this is that they  are not even looking at this in a comprehensive fashion to deal with  another important part of vaping, and that is with marijuana and  vitamin E acetate.   I think that if we are going to go down this road and have the  discussion about youth vaping, why are we not including flavored  marijuana in this bill? It is a real question.   Look at where the lung damage is occurring--not the addiction, but  let's look at where the actual tissue damage occurs. It is coming from  the vitamin E acetate that is associated with THC in these pods, and  yet we are not touching that piece of it.   As a matter of fact, the chairman of the Energy and Commerce  Committee, in the Rules Committee the other night, actually indicated  that this was not necessarily a youth vaping bill but, in fact, a  tobacco bill. Well, I was proud that he, at least at that point, told  the truth on that part.    Again, what this bill does is it goes after Americans'  choice. You may not think that they should use tobacco--we can  acknowledge the health risk associated with it--but it is not Congress'  job to make that decision for adults, for the American voter.   We have seen a consistent pattern of this. We have seen it time and  time again, whether it was from a mayor in a large city like New York  telling Americans what size Coke or soft drink they could have to  something as outrageous as my friends on the other side of the aisle  trying to tell the American voter who the President should be through  the impeachment process. Now they are going to tell them what kind of  tobacco they can use. It goes on and on and on and on.   And do you know what? If we continue down this path, it really does  start to look and smell and sound just like socialism. I don't think  that is right for this country, and we should fight back against it.   