 Mr. President, there is a reason why 800 conservation  organizations, every U.S. Secretary of Interior from Babbitt to Zinke,  and the President of the United States, President Trump, support the  legislation we are going to be voting on at about noon tomorrow, and  that is because, in my view and in the view of many others, it is the  most important piece of conservation legislation this country will have  passed in at least half a century. And why is that? It is because it  takes nearly $14 billion--up to $14 billion--over the next 5 years from  energy exploration on our public lands and spends it to cut in half the  deferred maintenance backlog in our national parks, our national  forests, and our national refuges, and also to rebuild Indian schools.   In addition to that, it does something that Congress has been trying  to do for 60 years, since the midsixties. It permanently funds the Land  and Water Conservation Fund, which supplies to both the Federal  Government and States money to create national parks and routes to  fishing access and to other places in the country that we all treasure.   In the middle of the Great Depression in the 1930s, the people of  eastern Tennessee and western North Carolina looked around and said:  Why are all the national parks out West? Well, it was because the  Federal Government owned a lot of the land out West and carved a bunch  of it up to make national parks--Yellowstone, Yosemite, Grand Canyon,  and other places that we know. So they looked around the United States  in the east and said: Where can we have a national park? And they  settled on the Great Smoky Mountains. So they created a park that is  half in Tennessee and half in North Carolina. It wasn't easy to do in  the midst of the Great Depression.   Governor Austin Peay of Tennessee brought the legislature--mostly  Democrats--to Republican East Tennessee twice by train to see this  500,000 acres of land. The State of Tennessee couldn't come up with  enough money to buy it, and neither could North Carolina. Then John D.  Rockefeller, Jr., offered $5 million in honor of his mother, Laura  Spelman Rockefeller, if anybody would match it. So the State  legislatures in both States--Tennessee and North Carolina--appropriated  $2 million each, and then the remaining million was raised by public  subscription--schoolchildren, teachers. People all over the region  raised the money, and that $10 million bought 500,000 acres that today  is visited by 12 million Americans every year. It is by far the most  visited national park, attracting two, three--four times as many  visitors as many of our most popular western parks because it is  located in the east and because it has the highest mountains in the  east.   But here is the problem with the Great Smoky Mountains National Park:  The 12 million visitors a year are about to use it up. Too many of the  800-plus miles of trails are worn, so when you walk on them, you  stumble. Too many of the roads are potholed. Too many of the roofs  leak.   There is one campground that I can see from my house almost on  Chilhowee Mountain at the edge of the park called the Look Rock  Campground that has been closed for 5 or 6 years because the sewage  system won't work--5,000 families want to go up there and can't, and  the sewage system won't work. Obviously these aren't just Tennessee  families; they are from all over the country. We have 6 or 7 million  people living in Tennessee. We have 14 million visitors a year.   So what this bill does is it says to the Great Smoky Mountains: All  right. You have $224 million of deferred maintenance--of potholes, of  worn trails, of sewage systems, of leaky roofs--$224 million. Your  operating budget is only $20 million a year. This deferred maintenance  is 10 to 12 times the amount of your operating budget. It will never  get done. It will never get done without a bill like this or this bill,  which will say to the Smokies and to the National Mall and to the Pearl  Harbor Visitor Center and to the Grand Canyon and to all 419 of our  national parks: We are going to cut half of the $12 billion deferred  maintenance bill--we are going to cut half of that out over the next 5  years, and we are going to take money  [[Page S3007]]  from energy exploration on public lands and use some of it for that.    Not just our national parks, President Trump agreed--in fact, I  talked to him about it on his trip to Tennessee when he came to visit  after the tornadoes.   I said: Mr. President, the sponsors of our bill, Democrats and  Republicans, would like to add to the bill our other public lands. We  would like to add the national forests.   The Cherokee National Forest, for example, is in Tennessee and North  Carolina. It is even bigger than the Smokies. It has 3 million visitors  a year. It also has about $27 million of deferred maintenance. It will  never be able to do that without this bill or something like it.   I said: How about our wildlife refuges, Mr. President? We have the  Tennessee Wildlife Refuge. It has $8 million in deferred maintenance.  It won't be able to get the boat ramps right so people can go fishing  over by Kentucky Lake.   The President said: I will support it. Put it in if the Democrats and  Republicans cosponsoring the bill want it in there.   Because he did, it is in there.   It is in there just like the House of Representatives brought the  bill out of its committee--it had those public lands in there. We  didn't when it came out of our committee. It had the Land and Water  Conservation Fund in the House, just as we did when it came out.   Let's talk about the Land and Water Conservation Fund for a minute.  That was supposed to be $900 million a year from oil and gas revenues  that are spent by the Federal Government and by State governments to  buy treasured lands.   The Senator from Montana, Senator Daines, says that in his State, 80  percent of the fishing accesses have been purchased by the Land and  Water Conservation Fund.   In my State, the Governor opened a new park, Rocky Fork, a  magnificent place in Upper East Tennessee, much of it purchased by Land  and Water Conservation Fund money--$221 million into Tennessee since  1964.   But that is not as much as it was supposed to be because when this  was enacted by Congress in 1964, at the recommendation of the  Rockefeller Commission--the first outdoor recreation review  commission--it was supposed to be $900 million a year. Environmental  burden--that is the oil and gas drilling; environmental benefit--that  is the purchase of conservation land. The money gets credited over in  the Treasury Department, but it doesn't get spent every year. This  changes that.   This is not just an idea of the Lawrence Rockefeller Commission in  the sixties. In 1985 and 1986, President Reagan appointed the  President's Commission on Americans Outdoors. I chaired that  Commission, and the No. 1 recommendation of the Commission was  permanent funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   So since the midsixties, good people in this body and good people  outside of this body have been working to make the Land and Water  Conservation Fund permanent and haven't been able to do that, but now  we can.   Now let's talk about the money for a minute.   Senator Portman, a former director of the budget office, points out  that we are spending real money to reduce an unpaid debt. This isn't  like just adding to the budget, which we do sometimes without paying  for it. This is real money. If we don't produce enough oil this year-- and last year we produced about 11.6 billion by selling energy produced  on our public lands--if we don't produce the money, we don't spend  it. Some have objected that it is mandatory and not paid for. That is a  difference of opinion. The Office of Management and Budget has approved  it, and the President's budget has approved it. I think it is paid for  because it is real money to reduce unpaid debt.    For example, we take some of the money from energy exploration, and  if you live in Wyoming, you get 50 percent of it right off the top. If  you live in Alaska, you get 90 percent right off the top. If you live  in Louisiana, you get 27\1/2\ percent, or in any other coastal State,  or you might get 37\1/2\ percent from another area. All that money is  mandatory in the sense that it has to be paid to those States every  year. We are just taking some of that kind of money out of that pot,  after the others have been paid, and spending it for this purpose.   This would not have happened if it weren't for an unusual group of  Senators who worked on this for a long time: Senators Burr and  Cantwell; Senators Gardner, Manchin, and Daines on the Land and Water  Conservation Fund; and then on the parks, Senator Warner and Senator  Portman, who went to work early.   Secretary Zinke came to see me in Tennessee 3 years ago and asked me  to work on the parks bill, and I was delighted to find, when Senators  King and Heinrich and I began working on it, that there were a number  of us with the same idea.   As I mentioned, President Trump has been behind it from the beginning  and behind the expansion of it, and he is the first President that has  allowed us to use money from energy exploration for this purpose, and  he should deserve credit for that.   Senator McConnell deserves credit. He has a lot that he could put on  the floor, and he put this bill on the floor for 2 weeks. Only the  majority leader can do that, and he did it.   I am grateful to Senator Schumer and the Democratic leadership for  creating an environment in which we could pass this bill in a  bipartisan way.   It is said that if you want to pass a big piece of legislation in the  U.S. Senate, you need three things. One is that it is an important  objective that is good for the country. One is good relationships among  the sponsoring Senators. And one is a superior staff. We have had all  three of those, and I would like to place into the Record--or I think I  will read them--the names of some of the staff members who have been so  helpful to us: Curtis Swager and Jennifer Loraine of Senator Gardner's  office; Jason Thielman, Joshua Sizemore, and Holly Hinojosa of Senator  Daines' office; Lance West, David Brooks, and Renae Black of Senator  Manchin's office; Pam Thiessen and Sarah Peery of Senator Portman's  office; Elizabeth Falcone and Micah Barbour of Senator Warner's office;  David Cleary, Lindsay Garcia, Allison Martin, and Anna Newton of my  staff; Chad Metzler, Morgan Cashwell, and Kate Durost of Senator King's  office; Amit Ronen of Senator Cantwell's office; Maya Hermann and  Virgilio Barrera of Senator Heinrich's office. We thank them for their  work.   And then there are the advocates. Not many bills have more than 800  groups in its support. It is quite a coalition when you get President  Trump and virtually all of the conservation, sportsmen, angler, and  environmental groups behind the same bill. We owe all of them thanks  for that. Sally Jewell, the former Secretary of the Interior, has been  at the forefront of much of that. We hope that once this passes the  Senate tomorrow with a big vote, they will carry it across the finish  line in the House of Representatives.   The Federal Government is not always the most popular entity in the  United States, but sometimes we are. When our military keeps our  country safe, we are grateful for that. When the National Institutes of  Health creates medical miracles, we are grateful for that. We are  grateful when the Federal Government creates 419 properties--from the  National Mall to Pearl Harbor, to the Grand Canyon, to the Great  Smokies--for us to enjoy and preserve.   England has its history, Italy has its art, and Egypt has its  pyramids. But the United States of America has the great American  outdoors. It is an essential part of the American character, and the  Great American Outdoors Act is an essential part of being good stewards  of what Ken Burns has called our best idea, so that the next generation  can enjoy the outdoors as this generation has been privileged to do   I yield the floor.   