 Reserving the right to object, I want to thank my friend  Senator Cramer for bringing attention to this issue. I think he knows  that the PPP program was included in the CARES Act. I take great pride  in working with Senator Rubio--Republican and Democrat--and other  members of our committee.   We were the architects of the PPP program. It was bipartisan. It was  included in the CARES Act, and it was enacted in March. It is very  interesting that if we would have gone with the original bill that came  out of the Republicans, it would not have been a bipartisan bill, and  much of the help for small businesses would not have been there in the  CARES Act. It is only through bipartisan legislation that we were able  to advance the types of tools that are necessary to help America's  small businesses.   I must tell you, the No. 1 priority today for small businesses is to  safely be able to resume full operations. They need it to be safe for  parents and their children to be able to get back to school. They need  us to get this virus under control, so businesses that depend on large  gatherings--such as food service, hospitality, events, travel, and  tourism--can literally survive.   The House took its action to help accomplish these goals last May  when they passed the Heroes Act. To this date, the Republican leader,  Senator McConnell, has not allowed us to take up the comprehensive  legislation that will help our country, help deal with the virus, help  our economy, and help small businesses.   Just today, Speaker Pelosi has updated the Heroes Act because it has  been over 4 months since it was passed so that we now have a Heroes Act  that is within the range between what the Republican Senators  originally suggested and the Democrats originally suggested. That is  moving toward a bipartisan bill. That is what we need.   In the Heroes Act, there are so many provisions that are desperately  needed for small business that are not in this unanimous consent  request. Let me point out a few.   We need a second round of PPP. Businesses have suffered significant  revenue losses. The hardest hit, the smaller of the small businesses  need more help. The PPP program is designed for an 8-week pandemic.  This pandemic has gone long beyond 8 weeks.   The House legislation includes resources for mission lenders, such as  CDFIs and depository institutions. I mention that because we have found  that when you rely on the 7(a) commercial loans in order to get  forgivable loans, those who are traditionally underserved are not able  to get the same type of attention--minority businesses, women-owned  businesses, businesses in rural areas. We need to pay special attention  to providing additional resources and allocations to mission lenders.  That is not included in the unanimous consent request.   We need to expand PPP eligibility. We have heard from our nonprofits  that were left out of the first round. They need to be included. Local  newspapers were not included. Previously incarcerated individuals were  denied certain help. The House legislation--the Heroes Act--makes those  changes so that all eligible small businesses would be able to qualify  for these loans.   The Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program, EIDL, is desperately in  need of congressional attention. We have bipartisan support for  significantly increasing the resources going into the EIDL Program-- Senator Cornyn, Senator Rosen--so that we could replenish the grants  and provide the grants that are desperately needed for small  businesses.   We can eliminate that $150,000 arbitrary cap that was put on by the  Small Business Administration, which is contrary to law. We need to  make it clear that the loans could be made up to $2 million under the  EIDL Program.   We need to help State and local governments. That is in the Heroes  Act. It is not in the unanimous consent that is being suggested. We  have to help State and local governments because their services are  critically important for small businesses to be able to operate  effectively. The House bill provides a separate amount of funds so that  the local governments can directly help small businesses. That is not  included in the unanimous consent request.   We can approve the 7(a) Loan Program, 504 Loan Program, and Microloan  Program. They are in the House bill, not in the unanimous consent  request.   We have all heard from our live venue operators. They need help. They  are going to close if we don't do something to help them. It is our  responsibility to do that. It is in the Heroes Act. It is not in the  unanimous consent request.   We need to expand the employee retention tax credit, which allows  workers to be retained by small businesses. This was expanded in the  Heroes Act, but it is not in the unanimous consent request.   I could go on and on about all of the provisions that we need to take  up now that are necessary to help small businesses. If we wait until  after the elections, more small businesses will be shuttered forever.  That is the No. 1 priority of small businesses.   We also find that we need to help in regard to streamlining the  process of loan forgiveness. I agree with my colleague. I agree that we  need to simplify that process. I have had my arguments with the Small  Business Administration and so have those who have oversight in the  executive branch. We know what they did to the EIDL Program. They  didn't administer it the way we said--3 days to process grants. They  didn't do that. They didn't give us the data we needed so we could  understand the program. So why do we have confidence that, under the  Senator's unanimous consent request, he will do the right form? You  give them the authority to issue the form, and I am not exactly sure  that will work.   Here is the good news. We want to do something in this area because  the Senator is right in that we need to streamline the process. The SBA  is not doing it the way we intended it to be done. The House took  action, but the House's action is a little bit different. The House has  said: Look, for those loans under $50,000, why don't we do it without  any paper. Let them retain the records, but let's eliminate any  possibility of the SBA's delaying the loan forgiveness. I think that is  one we should look at, but we can't do that if we are to let this  unanimous consent go forward.   Lastly, this consent also deals with safe harbor for the PPP lenders.  It would provide safe harbor from claims under the Small Business Act,  the False Claims Act, the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and  Enforcement Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, and the Bank  Secrecy Act, or any other Federal, State or criminal or civil law  regulations. I think we should look at that before we just, all of a  sudden, agree that we  [[Page S5910]]  should give that type of blanket safe harbor.   Small businesses need help now. My colleague is correct. They need  help now, but they need help far broader--far broader--than this  unanimous consent takes us. There is also a need for negotiations in  regard to the provisions that the Senator has brought to the floor. I  can assure him that I will continue to work with Senator Rubio in a  bipartisan manner once we get the numbers from the powers that be--they  being the Speaker of the House, the Secretary of the Treasury, the  administration, and our leaders.   As we did under the CARES Act, we will put together a comprehensive  program to help all small businesses, not just those that are  struggling right now with this form but those that can't even get the  loan because they were not eligible but should have been eligible or  those that need additional help or those that need the EIDL Program to  work well or a microloan. We want to provide that comprehensive help  now--this week--for small businesses, but this unanimous consent just  does not get us there.   The commitment to my colleague is that we are going to work with him  and our other colleagues, as we always do, and that we are going to  include the provision to make it easier for small businesses to get  loan forgiveness because we agree that the SBA has not interpreted our  law the way we wanted it to.   For all of those reasons, I object.    Mr. President, I wish to enter into a colloquy with  Senators Moran and Tester, the chairman and ranking member of the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, to discuss H.R. 561, the  Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act.   H.R. 561 is important legislation that seeks to prevent large  companies from using a veteran-owned small business as a front to win a  small business set-aside or sole-source contract that the small  business contractor is incapable of performing. To prevent this, H.R.  561 places certain subcontracting limitations on the Department of  Veterans' Affairs Vet's First contracting program. For the agency's  small business set-asides for veteran-owned and service-disabled  veteran-owned small businesses, the small business prime would need to  certify that it will perform 50 percent more of the work. This  limitation on subcontracting can only be circumvented if the small  business prime subcontracts to a ``similarly situated'' business.   However, as ranking member of the Senate Small Business and  Entrepreneurship Committee, I have two concerns with this legislation.   The first concern is that all the penalties for violating the  limitations on subcontracting fall on the small business prime  contractor and does not provide the agency with the flexibility to  impose penalties on the subcontractor that is using the small business  as a front to win the contract. This is inconsistent with similar Small  Business Administration regulations governing other small business set- asides that provide the necessary flexibility to penalize the  appropriate party.   The second concern is that the bill requires the Department of  Veterans' Affairs to monitor compliance by using a reporting system  that is not used by small business prime contractors because small  businesses are exempt from the requirement to provide a small business  subcontracting plan. The current system does not have the capability to  record compliance on limitations of subcontracting and a system has not  been established by the Small Business Administration. Simply put,  there is no system in place for small businesses to report into and  needs to be created.  [[Page S6002]]    While I recognize the importance and need for H.R. 561 and believe it  should be sent to the President for his signature, would the chair and  ranking member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee provide  assurances that we can work together on future legislation to address  my concerns?   