 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7575, the Water  Resources Development Act of 2020, or WRDA 2020.   Two weeks ago, we advanced this bipartisan legislation out of  committee by voice vote. In taking up this bill, as the chairman  pointed out, we are maintaining Congress' consideration of WRDA  legislation on a 2-year cycle, something that we have done for some  time now, since 2014.   We are also demonstrating that when we work in partnership instead of  partisanship, we can accomplish great things for the infrastructure and  for the American people.   I want to thank all the members of the committee and staff,  especially the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, for  their hard work and their willingness to work together on this  important piece of legislation.   WRDA authorizes 39 critical projects across the country that  originate at the local level but provide far-reaching benefits  throughout their regions and the national economy.   WRDA is going to strengthen our American competitiveness. It is going  to provide greater safeguards and peace of mind to our constituencies  and help create jobs. Importantly, this bill supports the Nation's  inland waterway networks and flood protection infrastructure.   In my home State of Missouri, we experienced devastating high water  in 2019. Record flooding along the Missouri River destroyed homes,  farms, and businesses in communities like Big Lake and Craig, Missouri,  and many of those affected are still recovering to this day.   The threat of flooding remains for many Americans, and this bill  authorizes some bold new plans to evaluate flood risk reduction in many  of the major river basins.   This is a good first step to providing greater protections for the  lives and property of the folks in the Lower Missouri River Basin. My  district also borders the Mississippi River, with local communities  facing very similar challenges with flood control and navigation.   To address these issues, WRDA provides new authority for the  construction of permanent flood control structures in communities that  experience repetitive losses as a result of flood events. We simply  have to stop rebuilding back to the same inadequate standards in  repeatedly flooded communities like mine in north Missouri.   This bill also streamlines the Public Law 84-99 program to ensure  critical projects under this program can be done more efficiently and  more effectively.  [[Page H3953]]    It has been more than a year since floods devastated parts of my  district, and I am still getting calls from levee districts and  communities on both the Mississippi and the Missouri Rivers about  issues they are having with this program. Under this bill, some of that  is going to be alleviated.   The bill also delays construction and requires further evaluation of  interception-rearing complexes, or IRCs. These expensive and unproven  projects are supposedly designed to save the pallid sturgeon, but we  don't know if they will actually do that. What we do know is that they  are disastrous for navigation and disastrous for flood control along  the Missouri River.   This bill recognizes the Corps should not build any more IRCs until  it is proven that they won't negatively impact navigation and flood  protection for many of our towns, farms, and businesses along the  river.   Additionally, this legislation provides important new tools and  funding set-asides for rural communities. It ensures that major  construction and rehabilitation efforts on the inland waterway system  are completed more quickly, and it offsets new project authorizations  with deauthorizations of old, out-of-date projects to ensure fiscal  responsibility.   This is a commonsense, bipartisan bill, and I want to thank Chairman  DeFazio, Chairwoman Napolitano, and Ranking Member Westerman for their  partnership in this bipartisan effort.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 7575, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), who is on the Water Resources  and Environment Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves), who is the ranking member of the  Aviation Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis), who is the ranking member  on the Highways and Transit Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from West Virginia (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Rogers).    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the  remaining time?    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Zeldin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Allen).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon), who understands  water issues.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of  this bill that includes language for flood control in Puerto Rico. We  are now in the hurricane season, and today, it is announced a tropical  storm between today and tomorrow.   The flood control projects included in the bill are Rio Guayanilla,  Rio Manati in Ciales, and Rio Culebrinas on the northwestern part of  the island, as well as important provisions to study flood damage,  provide resiliency planning assistance, and evaluate seismic risks.   I am also most proud to have secured in this bill an increase to the  authorization cost for the Cano Martin Pena project, $232.4 million, as  established during the feasibility phase in 2016, fixing a discrepancy  in WRDA 2007. This increase ensures updated costs are considered as the  project moves forward, which is especially critical for the development  of eight communities in the San Juan area.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, WRDA 2020 is a good bipartisan piece of  legislation that is going to improve flood control infrastructure and  improve ports, harbors, and inland waterways across the country.   This is infrastructure that is critical to protecting our communities  and our farms and businesses in north Missouri and the rest of America.  It is essential to the efficient movement of goods, products,  commodities, and resources nationwide.   Again, I want to thank the many cosponsors and the members of the  Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for their hard work on  this very important bill.   Also, committee staff on both sides put a lot of work into this piece  of legislation, Mr. Speaker, and I want to thank them all for their  hard work. Specifically, from the Subcommittee on Water Resources and  Environment, the Republican staff, I want to thank Ian Bennitt, Jon  Pawlow, and Victor Sarmiento. From the Democrat staff, I want to thank  Ryan Seiger, Navis Bermudez, Camille Touton, and Alexa Williams. From  the Republican full committee staff, I want to thank Paul Sass, Jack  Ruddy, Corey Cooke, Tara Hupman, Abby Camp, Nick Christensen, Justin  Harclerode, Tyler Micheletti, Jamie Hopkins, and Shawn Bloch. In  addition, I very much want to thank Kathy Dedrick, Mohsin Syed, and the  rest of the Democrat full committee staff.   WRDA is a perfect example of Republicans and Democrats working  together to address America's infrastructure needs, as this committee  is meant to do. I would urge all Members to support this legislation.   I want to add, too, Mr. Speaker, the gracious work of and being able  to work with Chairman DeFazio. When we work together, it actually works  quite well, and I want to thank him for that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   