 Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S.  4902, which was introduced earlier today.    Madam President, this is legislation that would name the  Federal courthouse in Salt Lake City, which was completed a few years  ago, after my friend and former colleague and also a longtime mentor of  mine, Senator Orrin G. Hatch.   Senator Hatch, long before he became a statesman, was a lawyer--and  not just any lawyer, he was a lawyer's lawyer. He was really good. He  received the prestigious Martindale-Hubbell AV rating as a litigator.  His skills as a litigator were so good that they helped convince some  of his friends and neighbors that he ought to seek public office. The  first public office he sought as an elected official was to the U.S.  Senate. He was elected in 1976.   He then served in the U.S. Senate from 1977 all the way up until  2019. During that 42-year time period, Senator Hatch had a profound  impact not only on the U.S. Senate and his colleagues here--and he  certainly did; he was a friend to everyone who knew him--but he also  had a much broader impact, one that will have far-reaching, lasting,  durable impacts on the Federal court system.   I took a look at a list of all Federal district judges--the trial  court judges who have served on the Federal bench from Utah ever since  our statehood. There are only about 20 people on that list. All but  five of those came on to the court either during or right after; in  other words, with some input--significant input from Senator Hatch.   Senator Hatch has also been a part of every judicial nomination in  the confirmation process during that same 42-year period. I can't think  of any other Utahan in the history of our State who has had anywhere  near the kind of impact on the Federal judiciary as Senator Hatch. It  is not just that he served on the committee throughout that time period  that confirmed judicial nominees, whether to Federal district courts,  to the courts of appeals, or to the Supreme Court--he certainly did  have a lot of impact there--but his impact even went further than that,  you see, because he sought to be a mentor to people interested in the  law and in public policy everywhere. His service had an impact  certainly on me as one of countless lawyers and other people interested  in law and public policy in this country.   I remember watching proudly and with great admiration as he conducted  himself as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee during the Robert  Bork confirmation hearings. He had a certain commitment to the rule of  law and to fundamental fairness that would be owed to anyone nominated  to that or any other judicial position, and he was willing to make sure  that the Senate did its job and that it didn't get mired in the  politics of the day.   He had a great quote on this topic. He said: ``Politics must not  undermine the principles and standards we apply to every judicial  nomination.''   I watched over the years, in part, because I had first seen him  participate in the Bork hearings. That got me interested in the Senate.  In part, because of that example, that got me interested as a teenager  to apply to be a Senate page. I later became a Senate page, appointed  by Senator Hatch. I got to see him carry out his activities as a member  of the Senate Judiciary Committee. And from then on, I always watched  with careful attention when he was handling a judicial confirmation  hearing.   I watched through the years as he handled the nomination hearings of  individuals including: Justice Thomas, Justice Ginsburg, and, later,  Justice Alito, my former boss. In each instance, he treated judicial  nominees and literally hundreds of others like them with dignity and  respect but also with the amount of thorough attention that lifetime  appointment to the Federal judiciary demands.   In addition to this, he also liked to try to foster in others a  genuine interest in the law. I remember, when I was serving as a law  clerk to Federal District Judge Dee Benson in Salt Lake City--one of  the brightest and most capable jurists ever to serve on the Federal  bench, whether in Utah or anywhere else. He was a good friend, longtime  ally and confidant of Senator Hatch's. I remember, while I was clerking  for Judge Benson, right after I graduated from law school, Senator  Hatch came by and just held a roundtable discussion with all the  Federal judges. He not only seemed but was in fact conversant on all  kinds of issues of  [[Page S7025]]  the law--not just the hot-button issues that people think of when they  watch the news, but he was delving into arcane details of the law that  really made me proud to have him representing me in the U.S. Senate  from the State of Utah.   I got to know Senator Hatch even better after I got elected to the  Senate, and he and I had the opportunity to work together as  colleagues. Throughout all these experiences, I have come to revere him  as someone who reveres the law.   For these reasons, I conclude that it is fitting for us to name this  Federal courthouse in Utah after him. It is difficult to imagine anyone  who has had the same impact on the Federal judiciary who has ever lived  in or served from our State as Senator Hatch.   Madam President, I would like to yield some time to my colleague, the  Senator from Utah.    I ask unanimous consent that S. 4902 be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I am grateful my colleagues have chosen to  allow this to pass into law. It is a great day for Senator Hatch, the  State of Utah, and the United States.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action in relation to the  Crouse nomination.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, in a city divided by politics, a nation  riven by disease, and an era defined by partisan opportunism, it is  vital to remember that there are among us, mercifully, on Capitol Hill,  a few men and women who embody the very highest ideals of honesty,  charity, public service, and personal integrity.   As chairman of the Joint Economic Committee for the past 2 years, I  have had the privilege of knowing one of these indispensable patriots.   I rise today, before the end of my term as chairman of the Joint  Economic Committee and at the end of her 40th year of service on the  Joint Economic Committee, to commend to all of my colleagues the  personal and professional merits of Ms. Colleen Healy.   Colleen was born in Port Allegany, PA, to Bob and Theresa Healy and  is a sister to Bob, Barry, Brian, and Bret. She attended Port Allegany  Union High School, where she participated in the school band, chorus,  student government, and the Spanish club. As a senior, she was selected  by her classmates to compete for the title of Pennsylvania State Laurel  Queen of 1969.  [[Page S7042]]    Colleen next attended Penn State, where she earned her B.A. in  Spanish and Latin American Studies. After graduating and teaching  Spanish for several years in Florida, she came to Washington in 1977,  first working for Representative Joseph Ammerman of Pennsylvania as his  executive secretary. Colleen then found her calling in the Joint  Economic Committee, where she has made an indelible mark on generations  of Representatives, Senators, and staff ever since.   Colleen has now served on the JEC staff for more than half the time  the committee has even been in existence. All great institutions, of  course, depend on institutional memory. The Joint Economic Committee  depends on Colleen Healy. That is why for decades the first decision  every incoming JEC chair has made, whether the chair happens to be from  the House or the Senate, happens to be a Democrat or a Republican, the  first decision made over and over again is retaining Colleen's  invaluable services as financial director.   Colleen is the reason the JEC is known across Capitol Hill for being  one of the most cooperative and congenial committees to work for, to  work with, or to serve on because both sides trust Colleen. They also  know they can trust each other. That has a ripple effect that is  undeniably positive.   Staffers trust that they can always go to Colleen with their  questions and their problems, whether it is about the committee process  or procedure, and receive gracious, knowledgeable, consistent, honest  answers.   But even more impressive than her acumen is her essential kindness  and grace. Colleen is known to get a flag flown over the Capitol for  each new baby born to a coworker. Staffers past and present joke that  you can't walk 10 minutes with Colleen from her office in the Dirksen  Building and get very far because she has befriended literally everyone  across the Capitol complex, remembering personal details about their  lives and their families and stopping to talk with each person along  the way.   From Members to staffers, to interns and custodians, Colleen never  misses an opportunity to make every single person feel important and  valued and necessary. That, again, has ripple effects that are always  positive in any organization and certainly are on the JEC.   As one former coworker put it, when you talk to Colleen, you are  instantly made to feel like the most special, loved, and cared-for  person on Earth.   When you step into her office, you know she is ready to laugh,  listen, or cry with you.   As another has said, despite the length of time she has worked in  Washington, DC, Colleen still exudes warmth and joy--a spirit that  permeates the committee and touches everyone she meets. This in a city  not necessarily known for those traits.   And though she lives it out quietly, she gives witness to her  Catholic faith each and every day. Mother Teresa once advised: ``Let no  one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.'' I can think  of no better way to describe how Colleen Healy lives her life.   In the words of the JEC vice chair, Representative  Don Beyer,  ``Colleen is the JEC's administrator, historian, sage, and most  important, the heart and soul of the committee. She is respected and  beloved by decades of JEC Senate and House Members of both parties, as  well as generations of staff. Her decades of service have been  invaluable.''   We are all better and happier for it.   I thank Colleen for her service to the committee, and I hope we are  lucky enough to get another 40 years with her serving on the Joint  Economic Committee   I yield the floor.   