 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr.  McCaul, the ranking member, for his leadership, for his very, very  strong and passionate statement today. I thank my good friend and  colleague, Mr. McGovern, the chairman of both the China Commission, as  well as the Lantos Commission--and I serve as cochair with him on the  Lantos Commission and as ranking member on the China Commission. And I  am very pleased to be the principal Republican cosponsor of this bill.  I see Mr. Suozzi over there, who has been a great leader as well. We  have been teaming up for years on this issue, and I thank him for his  leadership as well. And Eliot Engel, our chairman, for his work on this  as well.   Madam Speaker, at a 2018 Congressional hearing I cochaired, Mihrigul  Tursun recounted her ordeal of torture, sexual abuse, and detention in  one of China's mass internment camps in Xinjiang. She broke down  weeping, telling us that she pleaded with God to end her life. Her  Chinese jailers restrained her to a table, actually increased the  electrical currents coursing through her body, and mocked her belief in  God. She was tortured simply for being an ethnic Uyghur and a Muslim in  China.   Madam Speaker, there are millions of stories like this waiting to be  told. Nightmarish accounts of President Xi Jinping's genocide. And make  no mistake about it, this is Xi Jinping's genocide. I point out to my  colleagues that this includes the mass internment of millions. An  estimated 1.8 million victims in concentration camps, children ripped  from the warm embrace of their families, to be indoctrinated in  Communist ideology and forced to renounce their religion, their  culture, and their language.   Rape and sexual abuse of women being held in internment camps, forced  abortion and involuntary sterilization to prevent the birth of Uyghur  children, a direct violation of Article II(d) of the U.N. Genocide  Convention, which states, in part, that genocide includes imposing  measures intended to prevent births within a group. Forced labor on a  massive scale that allows Chinese companies to profit, and profit big  time, from modern-day slavery.   Chinese authorities initially denied the existence of mass internment  camps and tried to portray them as vocational training. The Chinese  Communist Party employed the big lie, censorship and economic coercion  to stifle any discussion of their crimes. However, documents obtained  by the New York Times and the International Consortium of Investigative  Journalists have exposed beyond any reasonable doubt the brutality  behind Beijing's plans to radically and coercively transform the  culture and religion of ethnic Uyghurs, Kazakhs, and other Muslims in  China.   The leaked papers showed detailed plans--this is back years ago now-- of looking to intern between 1 and 3 million Uyghurs in these  concentration camps and imposing Orwellian indoctrination efforts for  those ``whose thinking has been infected.'' In other words, if you are  a Muslim, your thinking is infected.   At the same time, Beijing instituted plans to erase the influence of  Islam in all of western China--bulldozing mosques and shrines, severely  restricting religious practice, and forcing detainees in the camps to  renounce their faith.   The leaked documents also show that Xi Jinping himself directed the  crackdown, saying the Communist Party must put the ``organs of  dictatorship'' to work and show ``absolutely no mercy'' in dealing with  the Uyghurs and other Muslims.   In one speech, President Xi said: ``The weapons of the people's  democratic dictatorship, must be wielded without any hesitation or  wavering.''   In 2017, February, the documents show he told thousands of police  officers and troops standing at attention in the vast square in Urumqi  to prepare for a ``smashing, obliterating offensive.'' Secret teams  even went out--because some of the cops didn't want to do this--and  they expunged them from their ranks.   Madam Speaker, we know that goods produced with forced labor find  their way into U.S. markets. An estimated 22 percent of U.S. cotton  goods come from the region, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection  Agency has prohibited companies from importing  [[Page H4664]]  some textiles, electronics, and hair products. As my good friend from  Texas pointed out about the hair, the last time we talked about the  buying and selling of hair was with the Nazi concentration camps. It is  happening today in Xinjiang.   Over the past year, the Trump administration has matched strong  rhetoric condemning abuses and actions to protect U.S. national  security and punish Chinese authorities and corporations complicit in  these human rights abuses.   Since last October, the Commerce Department has placed over 40  Chinese companies and government entities on its Entity List,  restricting exports because of their complicity in human rights abuses  and enabling high-tech surveillance.   In July, the Treasury Department issued Global Magnitsky sanctions  against six senior Chinese officials; however, we want more. There are  other people that are complicit. They need to be on the list.   Treasury has also sanctioned the Xinjiang Production Construction  Corps, a paramilitary that reports directly to the CCP. This summer,  U.S. Customs and Border Protection banned eight other Chinese companies  from importing textiles, hair, and electronic parts from Xinjiang. We  welcome these steps, but more needs to be done.   The Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act prohibits imports from  Xinjiang to the U.S. by creating a ``rebuttable presumption.'' And that  is the core of this bill, that all goods produced in the region are  made with forced labor unless U.S. Customs and Border Protection  certifies by clear and convincing evidence that goods were not produced  with forced labor. So the rebuttable presumption is the key to this  legislation.   It also carries other provisions, important ones, but, again, that is  the most important one.    Madam Speaker, the legislation also  authorizes targeted sanctions on any person responsible for labor  tracking; protects U.S. investors and consumers by requiring financial  disclosure from U.S. traded businesses about their engagement with  Chinese companies and other entities engaged in serious human rights  abuses; directs the Secretary of State to determine whether forced  labor or other crimes against Uyghurs constitute crimes against  humanity or genocide. I think it couldn't be clear. Read the Genocide  Convention. One item after the other articulated in that convention is  being met, sadly, by Xi Jinping's horrible genocide against his own  people.   Madam Speaker, I urge support for the bill. It is a bipartisan bill-- 67 cosponsors in all. Republicans and Democrats joined saying, ``we  want this stopped.''   