 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R.  535, the PFAS Action Act of 2019.   First, I thank Chairman Pallone, Congresswoman Dingell, and the  Energy and Commerce Committee for bringing this bill to the floor  today. We all know that PFAS contamination is a national issue that has  devastated communities across the country.   As of October 2019, the Maine Department of Environmental Protection  has more than 30,000 records for PFAS at 244 locations across the State  of Maine. In my district, areas surrounding the former Loring Air Force  Base, Houlton International Airport, Bangor International Airport, the  Navy VLF Radio Station in Cutler, and the Bog Brook military training  site in Gilead are known to be contaminated with PFAS compounds.   Groundwater, surface water, soil, and sediment samples collected from  these sites identified the presence of these chemicals, posing a major  risk to public health and safety.   We also know that emergency response teams are frequently exposed to  PFAS in firefighting foams as they work to keep communities safe. Given  my State still relies on not only career firefighters but a tremendous  amount of volunteer firefighters, the threat of PFAS contamination and  the resulting health risks is something I take seriously.   That is why I am pleased to see that the bill we are debating today  includes a provision that would require the EPA Administrator, with the  U.S. Fire Administration, to issue guidance on minimizing the use of  firefighting foam and related equipment containing any PFAS by  firefighters and other first responders.   However, I think it is important for Congress and the public to know  just how effective this provision will be on the long-term health of  our first responders. That is why I am offering an amendment that would  require the EPA Administrator, in consultation with the U.S. Fire  Administration, to brief Congress on the effectiveness of the guidance  they are providing, to include recommendations for congressional  actions that the Administrator determines appropriate to assist efforts  to reduce exposure to PFAS by firefighters and other first responders.   This is a commonsense amendment to ensure that the Federal Government  follows through on its commitment to protect the men and women who  enter into harm's way to keep our communities safe.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   