 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this infrastructure  boondoggle bill, which is focused on advancing the Green New Deal  agenda.   Instead of focusing on roads, bridges, and highways that keep the  economy moving and Americans employed, my colleagues on the other side  of the aisle want to divert funding streams through nonroadway  infrastructure and leave rural surface transportation in the dust.   One of the major roadblocks to successfully reinvigorating our  national infrastructure is the mountains of red tape, paperwork, and  bureaucracy involved with surface transportation infrastructure. This  bill does nothing to reform the permitting process. It leaves in place  a broken permitting regime that slows projects down to a dead stop.   Contrary to what some may say, bureaucratic red tape has a direct  impact on infrastructure investment. Project delays cost nearly $4  trillion in economic impact, according to the Associated General  Contractors of America.   We can point to nations like Canada, Germany, and Australia, who  provide a robust and responsible environmental review process in just 2  years. Compare that to ours, the 3\1/2\ to 5 years it takes just one  Federal agency, not including other Federal agencies that even add more  time in the process.   Finally, I oppose H.R. 2 for its lack of bipartisan participation. My  colleagues on the other side of the aisle may try to point to an  amendment here and there and call it bipartisan, but I have worked on  true bipartisan legislation that doesn't just tick off the boxes of  partisan talking points. I have fought to pass legislation that gets  the hard work of infrastructure investment and permitting reform done  while working with my Democratic colleagues in the past. I can tell you  from experience, H.R. 2 is not that.   Republicans were prevented from offering real input on this bill, one  that has broad application and diverse impact across every type of  community in this country. Instead, Republicans were shut out of the  process. This is purely a leftwing messaging bill with their grandiose  nonsense that is far from reality in addressing the real-world  infrastructure concerns.   For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on H.R. 2.   