 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, it has now been over 46 days since the Paycheck  Protection Program, also known as PPP, was shut down. This means that  small businesses have been prevented from applying for CARES Act  funding through the PPP for over a month and a half now. This also  means that real people's jobs continue to be in jeopardy through no  fault of their own.   This is just unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. This is unacceptable because  small businesses play an outsized role in our economy. They employ half  of all workers in this country. Think about that. Nearly one out of  every two workers in this country are employed by small businesses. Not  only do small businesses employ millions of people, but they are also  this Nation's job creators. They create approximately two out of every  three new jobs in this country.   Beyond statistics, they are the heartbeat of Main Streets all across  America. They are the corner store, the neighborhood coffee shop, and  the restaurant in the town or village. They are the fabric of commerce  in my home State of Ohio, as they are in Florida, in Texas, in  California, and all across this country. Their workers clock in early  and often retire after the sun sets. Simply put, they are America's  businesses.   Unfortunately, COVID-19 continues to challenge their very existence.  Now is the time to act. We really should have acted 46 days ago. We  have an option before us today, this very day. If we defeat today's  previous question, then we can move directly to my legislation to  reopen the Paycheck Protection Program to all those small businesses  all over the country that are clamoring to get them and that really  need them.   H.R. 8265 would provide targeted assistance to small businesses that  truly need the Federal Government's help. The legislation gives small  businesses the opportunity to receive a second PPP if they can  demonstrate a significant revenue reduction of 25 percent.  Additionally, it adds more flexibility in how PPP dollars can be spent  and still be eligible to have those loans forgiven.   Many of our Nation's small businesses are still struggling  significantly. We need to work quickly to provide a path forward for as  many of them as possible. Just as small businesses meet and exceed the  expectation of their customers, let's meet the needs of small  businesses across the country. Let's defeat the previous question and  restart the PPP, the Paycheck Protection Program.   Our economy is depending upon America's small businesses, and  America's small businesses are depending upon us here today. This vote  really does matter. Usually, these things are procedural, but this is  an opportunity not just to help those small businesses but, most  importantly, those people who work for them and the families they  support.   