 Madam Speaker, the coronavirus pandemic  reminded us that we are in this together. Despite serious and, as yet,  unresolved ongoing questions about policy responses to that event, we  have stayed home and sacrificed for our neighbors' health. We have seen  the best of us.   But in the past month, we are seeing the worst of us: violent mobs  stoning business owners, Federal agents shot to death, looting  occurring nationwide, and avowed Marxist activists openly defending and  promoting it, six blocks of a major U.S. city ceded to anarchists.   I don't recognize this America. People experience fear repeatedly of  the  [[Page H2583]]  wanton destruction of their livelihoods, their cities on fire or being  canceled by social media mobs; government buildings attacked; monuments  and memorials spanning the breadth of our history, from Washington to  Lincoln to Roosevelt, torn down or threatened by riotous mobs.   And this is not impassioned, heat-of-the-moment destruction. It is a  targeted, organized, and methodical purge of figures who represent  ideas they wish to bury, ideas such as all people are endowed by our  creator with inalienable rights to life, liberty, and property, and  that government by, for, and of the people shall not perish from the  Earth.   We have seen this deliberate tactic throughout history, in communist  China's cultural revolution, in the theocratic purge of Afghanistan's  Taliban, even in the terror campaigns of the Reconstruction and Jim  Crow South.   What distinguishes America is how this Nation responds to such  lawless and purposeful attacks. We hold, it is declared, that  government's very purpose is to secure the inalienable rights of all of  us and that, when order falls apart, so, too, does our Nation.   What we have seen in recent weeks begs the question: How is  government serving its core purpose?   Local and State officials have flouted that purpose, abandoned that  responsibility. But in those circumstances, the Federal Government has  the tools to secure the rights of the people.   Attorney General Barr, chapter 13 of the United States Criminal Code,  provides all the authority you may need. FBI Director Wray, the  evidence of criminal conspiracies is in plain sight.   The Department of Justice and the FBI must act without delay. This  government must restore the America we know.   Word is the Department of Justice is leading over 500 investigations,  and that is good news. We are counting on them, and we know they are up  to the task.   