 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  California's Eleventh District. I also thank, if I may, the persons who  are associated with the Rules Committee who worked  [[Page H865]]  tirelessly to get these bills to the floor. And I also thank the House  leadership for allowing the bills to come to the floor.   Madam Speaker, I am honored today to say that I traveled to Puerto  Rico after one of the hurricanes hit, Hurricane Maria. I was there with  the Honorable Bennie Thompson. This was a Homeland Security codel. And  while I was there, I had the opportunity to meet with various and  sundry NGOs, met with some of the emergency responders, the Corps of  Engineers, the National Guard.   I had a firsthand opportunity to see the devastation that Puerto Rico  suffered from. And this was prior to the 6.7 earthquake that hit on  January 7.   Madam Speaker, I believe that it is time for us to act. I believe  this legislation provides the means by which we can act appropriately  and efficaciously. I believe that this bill, with what it contains from  my bill, H.R. 3702, which was the CDBG-DR, disaster recovery bill, this  legislation contains language from that, my bill, and I would like to  just share some of the things that are important.   The bill includes the rigorous timelines for allocation action plan  approval and grant agreement execution that was contained in the bill.  It contains language that HUD will be required to allocate funds no  later than 60 days after enactment of the supplemental. HUD would be  required to review and approve or disapprove an action plan within 60  days of its submission to the Department, and HUD will be required to  allocate funds no later than 60 days after the date of approval of a  grantee's plan.   Madam Speaker, I think we have reached a point now where an emergency  has become something that we must act upon immediately, if not sooner.  The sooner would be today, but unfortunately, we will have the rule  today. Immediately will be the vote tomorrow. I beg that all would  support the bill.   