 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, once again this week, Republicans are  bringing forward a proposal to provide additional coronavirus relief to  help protect jobs, to get kids and teachers back in the classroom  safely, and to provide funding for the treatments and vaccines we need  to defeat this virus, and once again, Democrats are objecting. It is  the same old song: Republicans' bill doesn't spend enough. Well, let's  talk about that for a minute.   First of all, Republicans are not claiming that the bill we put on  the floor this week contains the last dollars we will need to spend in  response to the coronavirus. We may need to spend more. This bill is  simply an attempt to direct relief funds to some of the biggest  priorities right now, like helping the hardest hit small businesses  weather this crisis and providing more resources for testing,  treatment, and vaccines. These are areas we should all agree on.   Second of all, Democrats' coronavirus proposal--the $3 trillion bill  they proposed--is both unrealistic and irresponsible.   Our Nation is deeply, deeply in debt right now. Next year, our  country will owe more than we produce for the first time since the end  of World War II. That is a very bad place to be. That is getting toward  the kind of debt-to-GDP ratio that helped bring about financial  disaster in Greece. While the United States is not Greece, if we grow  our debt enough, what happened to the Greek economy could happen here.   Being the United States of America does not exempt us from financial  realities. In times of crisis, sometimes you have to borrow money, and  that is what we had to do earlier this year with the CARES Act and  other coronavirus relief legislation. But we have an absolute  responsibility to every American, to every hard-working individual in  this country to ensure that we are only borrowing what is absolutely  necessary.   Democrats' proposal doesn't even come close to meeting the definition  of ``necessary spending.'' To give just one example, Democrats have  proposed appropriating a staggering $1 trillion for States even though  the States still--still--haven't spent the money we provided for them  in the original CARES Act. Now, it is certainly possible that at some  point, we will have to provide some kind of additional assistance to  States, but to create a trillion-dollar slush fund for States before  they have even spent the money they have already been given would be an  incredibly irresponsible use of taxpayer dollars. At least some of that  money could be used for coronavirus relief.   Other money in the Democrats' bill would go to measures that have  nothing--absolutely nothing--to do with the virus, things like  diversity studies in the cannabis industry, a soil health study,  federalizing elections, and tax cuts for millionaires in States like  New York and California.   One of the biggest priorities in the wake of the coronavirus is  helping Americans keep their jobs or to find new ones. It should be  front and center in any relief bill. Yet Democrats' massive bill--over  $3 trillion in the Democrats' bill--manages to mention the word  ``cannabis'' more often than the word ``job.'' Diversity studies for  marijuana are more important, evidently, than jobs--at least if you  look at the Democrats' bill. That should tell you all you need to know  about the seriousness of the Democrats' proposal. I would love for the  Democratic leader to come down to the floor and explain how a bill that  mentions the word ``cannabis'' more often than the word ``job'' is a  serious coronavirus bill.   Of course, despite the unseriousness of the Democrats' proposal,  Republicans have been willing to compromise on a coronavirus bill from  the very beginning. We understand how negotiation works, and we knew  that we would have to give some ground and that Democrats would have to  give some ground. We were and are willing to do just that. But from the  beginning, Democrats have rejected serious negotiation. Sure, they sat  in meetings, and they talked about a bill, but at the end of the day,  Democrats refused to compromise. It was their bill or no bill, which  means that so far, they have chosen no bill.   The only way to get a bill through the Senate and to the President's  desk is to develop a compromise bill. Even if the majority leader puts  Democrats' exact bill on the floor today, there is no way--no way--it  would make it through the Senate, much less be signed into law by the  President. So if the Democrats really want a bill, they are going to  have to compromise, and that is something they have continued to refuse  to do, which leads to the logical conclusion that Democrats don't want  a bill at all.   If Democrats really wanted to get relief to Americans, they would  work with Republicans to pass a compromise bill even if it didn't  contain all the money Democrats want, because even if it were true that  the Republican legislation is inadequate, some money is better than no  money. If you can't get someone in need all the money you think they  should have, you should get them what money you can.   If Democrats really thought it was of overwhelming importance that we  deliver relief to Americans right now, they would be working with  Republicans to get as much relief as they could through Congress. But,  for Democrats, delivering relief to Americans is not really of  overwhelming importance. What is of overwhelming importance to  Democrats is keeping coronavirus alive as a political issue, and if  that means no bill, well then Democrats are OK with that. They would  rather have no bill, zero funding, and a political weapon than to have  a bill and allow Republicans to say that we helped Americans. So all  indications are that when we have a vote later today, they plan to  filibuster this bill.   This is not the first time we have seen this. Think back to the end  of June. In the wake of George Floyd's death at the knee of a police  officer, Americans of all parties came together to push for police  reform. Republicans put a police reform bill on the floor of the Senate  for debate and amendment--a substantial bill that included 75 to 80  percent of what both Democrats and Republicans said they wanted, the  product of years of research and work by Senator Tim Scott, who has  personal experience on this issue.   And Democrats? Well, Democrats filibustered. That is right. In the  face of a nationwide call for police reform legislation, Democrats  refused to even move forward to debate the legislation. Why? Because  agreeing to work with Republicans on legislation would have taken away  much of Democrats' ability to exploit police reform as a political  issue. So Democrats filibustered even though, remarkably, they were  offered by Senator Scott and other supporters  [[Page S5528]]  of the bill numerous amendments--10 amendments, 20 amendments--votes,  opportunities to improve the bill--at least improve the bill in their  eyes into a form that they could pass it.   It is hard not to wonder if some of the violence that we have seen in  our cities across the country in recent months could have been avoided  if Democrats had not decided to attempt to exploit this issue for  political gain.   There is not a lot Republicans can do if Democrats intend to keep  prioritizing perceived political advantage over doing their jobs as  legislators, but we are going to take this vote on the coronavirus  relief bill this week, today, and we are going to keep offering  opportunities for Democrats to work with Republicans to help the  American people.   Maybe some of the Democratic rank and file will decide that they have  had enough of their leaders playing politics and will work with us to  resolve and to get some things done for the American people.   Republicans are ready to negotiate. We just need Democrats to come to  the table.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   