 Mr. President, I ask to speak for 1 minute as in  morning business.    Mr. President, Iowa, my State, has a rich legacy in  leading the Nation and the world in agriculture production and  innovation. Iowa is first in corn production, first in eggs, ethanol,  and pork, and second in soybeans. Family farms are the main institution  for producing all this. So those family farms are how many Iowans leave  their mark on our world, by passing their legacy to their children.   In the Senate, Senator Ernst and I have the great privilege of  representing these family farmers. Senator Ernst and I have worked with  the Trump administration to make biofuels a priority. We have secured  E15 year-round--15 billion gallons of ethanol are blended annually as  the law requires--new ethanol infrastructure through the USDA, and  secured an extension of the biodiesel tax credit. We have secured and  expanded trade agreements with our largest trading partners, which add  value to Iowan commodities.   We also helped to put an end to the ridiculous Obama-era waters of  the United States rule that would have regulated 97 percent of Iowa's  farmland as navigable waterway. Just as the harvest comes to an end,  usually in November, our work will not stop in November. Senator Ernst  and I will continue to focus on Iowa farm families and ensuring their  success for years to come.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, in about 2 weeks, the American people  will go to the polls to determine the direction of our Nation. There  are many important issues voters will consider as they decide which way  they will cast their votes. Their decisions will ultimately determine  who will be President and the makeup of Congress.   One issue that is always front and center in any election is the  economy and the economic policies of the respective candidates. This  election is no different. There are many differences in the economic  policies that would be pursued by a Republican-led administration  versus the path my Democratic colleagues would take if they were to be  in charge. One particular, stark difference is that of tax policy that  both sides can be expected to pursue.   Over the past 4 years, President Trump and the Republicans in  Congress have enacted historic tax cuts, particularly for middle-class  Americans. That has been part of a long, overdue revamp of our Tax  Code. This has included reducing tax rates across the board,  significantly increasing the standard deduction, and doubling the child  tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000. As a result of these changes, a  typical family of four earning $70,000 has seen its tax bill reduced by  $2,000.   While my Democratic colleagues have done their best to distort this  reality about middle-income tax cuts, IRS tax return data of 2018  confirmed that middle-income Americans saw significant tax reductions.  In fact, taxpayers in the middle of the income distribution saw their  tax bills reduced by an average of more than 13 percent. My Democratic  colleagues and former Vice President Biden have made no bones about  their plans for tax reform. Their tax reform would be in tax increases.  If they prevail in the upcoming elections, they will seek to reduce and  undo the 2017 tax law and impose trillions of dollars in tax hikes on  individuals and businesses.   The former Vice President has sought to deflect accusations that he  would raise taxes on low- and middle-income taxpayers by promising  plans to increase taxes only on businesses and individuals who have  annual incomes of over $400,000. There are many reasons to be skeptical  of this promise of the Vice President's, and I want to discuss this  skepticism.   First, a similar assurance was made by the Obama-Biden administration  in its first term. Many will recall the Obama-Biden administration  promised not to raise taxes on married couples earning less than  $250,000 or $200,000 for single filers. That promise was tossed out the  window when a host of new taxes that fell directly or indirectly on  middle-income Americans was enacted to pay for ObamaCare. That included  the individual mandate penalty tax, 80 percent of which was paid by  taxpayers earning less than $50,000 a year. This is exactly why the  Republicans repealed that individual mandate as part of the 2017 tax  law--because it was very regressive.   A second reason low- and middle-income Americans should take little  comfort in the former Vice President's promise to tax only the rich and  businesses is that such taxes too often get passed along. There is a  well-documented principle in any tax policy that simply because the law  imposes a tax directly on an individual or business doesn't mean the  ultimate burden of that tax won't fall on others indirectly.   Every analysis of Mr. Biden's tax plan by independent third parties,  from the very liberal Tax Policy Center to Penn Wharton, to the  American Enterprise Institute--so liberal, moderate, and conservative-- shows taxpayers earning less than $400,000 will shoulder at least a  portion of Mr. Biden's proposed tax increase. This comes from the fact  that the tax increases largely reflect the economic consensus that a  significant portion of the corporate income tax falls on workers in the  form of reduced wages and benefits. In other words, workers pay even if  you increase the corporate tax rate. Our nonpartisan Joint Committee on  Taxation has estimated that 25 percent of the corporate tax increases  are, in fact, borne by workers. Mr. Biden, of course, has promised to  increase the corporate income tax from 21 percent to 28 percent.   According to the Penn Wharton Budget Model, this business tax hike  will mean that over 90 percent of households with incomes between  [[Page S6345]]  $45,600 and $121,000 will see increases in their total tax burdens.  With the bulk of Mr. Biden's tax agenda being targeted at hiking taxes  on capital, the consequences will then be felt throughout the economy  in the form of lower wages, fewer jobs, and slower economic growth.   According to a study out of the Hoover Institution this week, the  Biden plan holds the promise of reducing the per capita gross domestic  product by more than 8 percent when compared to the current law with  the 2017 Trump tax law being made permanent. This raises an additional  important issue. Taxpayers should take with a whole grain of salt Mr.  Biden's promise of not raising their taxes because the vast majority of  Americans will see a tax increase beginning in 2026 unless the 2017 tax  cuts are made permanent.   A top priority for President Trump and congressional Republicans has  been to make permanent the middle-class tax cuts that were enacted in  2017 but which will otherwise sunset in 2025. President Trump has  called for making the tax cuts permanent as part of each of his budget  submissions to Congress. Now we have the Democrats refusing to work  with the Republicans to make the middle-income tax cuts of 2017  permanent law so that taxes won't go up automatically in 2026.   Keep in mind that the middle-class tax cuts enacted in tax reform are  not just about lower tax rates for middle-income workers and families;  they are also about small business owners and family farmers. For the  millions of small family-owned businesses and family farmers, the tax  reform of 2017 has provided a 20-percent deduction for qualified  business income under section No. 199A. The whole purpose was for it to  be for individual filers in order to reduce the inequity between a  lower corporate tax rate and what individuals would pay if they were in  business so as to compensate for the capital that they would have to  have invested for their small businesses.   According to the recently released 2018 IRS data, in Iowa alone, in  my State alone, nearly 215,000 small businesses and farms across our  State benefited from this 20 percent deduction in section No. 199A. The  Republicans are committed to making this provision permanent, for it is  a very important tool for those small businesses and farms to be able  to grow, invest, and provide critically needed jobs in our communities.   However, Mr. Biden's tax plan doesn't include any proposal to make  permanent or to even extend the middle-class tax cuts that have been  enacted under President Trump. Indeed, every independent third-party  review of his tax proposal assumes his intent is to allow the tax  increases to go into effect.   And with good reason--because on the campaign trail, Mr. Biden has  stated: ``On day one, I will move to eliminate the Trump tax cuts.'' It  can't be both that he will only raise taxes on those with incomes over  $400,000 and repeal the Trump tax cuts in their entirety.   So who can blame taxpayers for being skeptical when Mr. Biden says  that he won't raise their taxes? Every indication is that he will raise  taxes on people below a $400,000-a-year income.   Under a Biden administration, middle-income individuals can expect a  Biden plan that rolls back the Trump tax cuts. This means he will  increase their tax rates, increase the amount of their income subject  to tax, and reduce tax benefits for families.   Similarly, small business owners and family farmers can also expect  him to tax a larger share of their business income.   While Mr. Biden has tried to position himself as a centrist on this  tax issue, his tax and economic agenda is not all that different from  his far-left opponents in the Democratic primaries.   His sales pitch may be different, but his agenda will have the same  detrimental effect. As the Wall Street Journal's editorial board summed  it up, the problem with the Biden policies is ``they will have a long- term corrosive impact by raising the cost of capital, [by] reducing the  incentive to work and invest, and [lastly] reducing productivity across  the economy. Americans will pay the price in a lower standard of living  than they otherwise would [have]--and that they deserve.''   I yield the floor.   