 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, my colleague, and my  brother in Christ for yielding and for hosting this Special Order.   To follow up on what Congressman Lamborn said, the very first book  that the United States Congress authorized to be published at taxpayer  expense was a book called the Bible.   Not only that, I would also point to a quote, as there is a lot of  talk about socialism and how it would work in this country. Dostoevsky  hypothesized about it at the end of the 1800s, and Solzhenitsyn didn't  hypothesize it, he lived what Dostoevsky said, and that is, the problem  with socialism is not economic, the problem with socialism is atheism.  And that is diametrically opposed to how this country was started.   In fact, I had asked for the Congressional Research Service to give  me information about the role of the church and the Bible in our  founding, and this is derived from that.   The first Christian church services in this United States Capitol  were held when the government moved to Washington in the fall of 1800.  They were conducted in the Hall of the House. During church services  the Speaker's podium was used as a preacher's pulpit.   Within a year of his inauguration, President Jefferson began  attending church services in the Chamber of the House of  Representatives. Throughout his administration, Thomas Jefferson  permitted and encouraged church services in executive branch buildings.  Sermons regarding the Old and New Testaments of the Bible were  conducted in the Supreme Court Chambers while the judicial branch was  located in the old north wing of the Capitol.   And by the way, that was until the Supreme Court began to think of  themselves as God, and at that time they said you can't talk about God  or you can't be doing this kind of stuff in schools and other places.    But the term ``separation of church and state'' was not found in the  Constitution, it was in a letter written by Thomas Jefferson to the  Danbury Baptists, in essence, saying, we are not going to pick a  specific official denomination.   President James Madison, who was often recognized as the author of  much of our Constitution, followed Jefferson's example as President of  coming to church in the Capitol and worshipping God here and using the  Bible as the foundational support for that.   If you look at President Abraham Lincoln's second inaugural address,  it is inscribed on the inside of the north wall of his memorial, he  said of North and South, ``Both read the same Bible, and pray to the  same God; and each invokes His aid against the other. It may seem  strange that any men should dare to ask a just God's assistance in  wringing their bread from the sweat of other men's faces; but let us  judge not that we be not judged.''   But he goes on to ultimately say: ``Yet if God wills that it  continue, until all the wealth piled by the bondsman's 250 years of  unrequited toil shall be sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with  the lash, shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said  3,000 years ago,'' in the Bible, ``so still it must be said `the  judgments of the Lord, are true and righteous altogether.'''   