 First of all, I thank my colleague, my friend  from Indiana, for his absolute commitment of trying to make an impact  on what is going on in Washington. We both came up here at the same  time, and I have enjoyed working with him every day.   I had the opportunity to pursue the American dream. I got involved in  politics because I saw that dream slipping away for far too many. All  Americans should have their shots at living their versions of the  American dream.   For me, I grew up poor. I never met my biological father. My adopted  father was a busdriver, with only a sixth grade education, who did all  four combat jumps with the 82nd Airborne in World War II. We lived in  public housing. Even though my mom had no money, she was optimistic and  hopeful. She told us we were blessed because God and our Founders  created the greatest country ever, where anything was possible.   Unfortunately, the left has worked hard over the last 50 years to  discredit the values of the America I was raised with and the values of  the America I want my grandchildren to grow up with. Central to those  values is faith and family. The Pledge of Allegiance explicitly  acknowledges that our Creator is central to this American experiment.  Unfortunately, the left is trying to undo the foundational principles  of this country.   The left railed against our soldiers during the Vietnam war and is  calling to defund our law enforcement. The left discredits those who  believe in a supreme being or the commitment of marriage, and it  doesn't place value in family. The left doesn't care about our enormous  debt and pushes for socialism. The left thinks it is OK that our  schools don't teach about the Founding Fathers or free markets and  wants you to think America was never great.   We all acknowledge that Americans, our country, and our institutions  have flaws, but the left has worked to discredit our Founders, our  institutions, our churches, our law enforcement, our morals, and almost  everything my mom taught me. Yet we join today to honor the Pledge of  Allegiance, the very spirit of our Nation--``one Nation under God,  indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.'' That is the America I,  along with my colleagues here, are fighting for.   The values that I grew up with--the ones my ``tough love'' mom taught  me--are becoming a way of the past, but I believe these values, these  virtues, can and should be part of our country's future.   I love it when my grandchildren pray before eating, recite the Pledge  of Allegiance, ask to visit military museums, thank police officers and  soldiers for their service, and place their hands over their hearts  when they hear the national anthem. I hope they memorize the  Declaration of Independence and the 23rd Psalm.   We will not give up on the American dream and a nation where anything  is possible. We will not let the radical left take away our freedom and  opportunity.   Again, I thank Senator Braun for leading this effort today. Freedom  is fleeting and worth fighting for, and we will not stop fighting for  the country I was raised in because that is the country our children  and our grandchildren deserve   I yield to Senator Braun.   