 Madam President, 8 years ago almost to the day, President  Obama announced the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, otherwise  known as DACA. At the time, I remember the conversations a number of us  had with President Obama, saying please give us a chance to work this  out by passing appropriate legislation in the Congress. He heard those  pleas, but in spite of the fact of saying numerous times he did not  have the authority to do so, he proceeded to issue a memorandum that  gave rise to the DACA program.   Rather than rolling up our sleeves and working together to create  lasting immigration policy, President Obama chose to do this through an  Executive memorandum. It is that Executive memorandum that has made its  way through the courts over the last 8 years and finally to the U.S.  Supreme Court.   Unfortunately, this is the bitter fruit of what President Obama did  when he attempted to usurp Congress in a way to provide certainty and  comfort to hundreds of thousands of young people--a goal that we all  share--but to do so in a way that ultimately created more harm. It sent  them on a years' long tumultuous journey, which is not over with the  Supreme Court decision today. Basically, what the Supreme Court said  was, under the Administrative Procedure Act, he didn't do it the right  way, so go back and try it again and get it right this time.   Well, I think these young people deserve better. The debate over  President  [[Page S3087]]  Obama's authority has held these individuals hostage, leaving them  wondering if they might ultimately be deported to a country they have  no memory of and forced to leave their families, their jobs, and the  opportunities they have worked so hard to build here in the United  States behind.   Make no mistake about it, today the Supreme Court ruled that the  Department of Homeland Security didn't follow the proper procedures to  rescind the DACA program and thus allowed the program to continue for  now, but this is just a temporary measure. DACA recipients must have a  permanent legislative solution. They deserve nothing less. These young  men and women have done nothing wrong. They came to the United States  as children, and in America, we don't hold children responsible for the  mistakes of their parents, in this case, the mistake of not going  through the legal immigration process. So these kids--young people, I  should say--are innocent.   Texas is home to more than 100,000 DACA recipients who are a vital  part of our communities. They have grown up with our kids, attended the  same churches, shopped at the same stores, and defended our freedoms in  the U.S. military. Many of these young people are in their 30s now with  careers, families, plans, hopes and dreams of their own.   So the uncertainty about their status and what will happen to them is  no less terrifying for them than it would be for any of us. It is  simply unfair for these young people who, again, through no fault of  their own, find themselves in this situation to rely solely on an  Executive memorandum instead of a law passed by Congress. I believed  that when President Obama rejected our request to work with Congress  and come up with a permanent solution, and I believe it now.   I believe the Supreme Court has thrust upon us a unique moment and an  opportunity. We need to take action and pass legislation that will  unequivocally allow these young men and women to stay in the only home  in the only country they have ever known.   In the past, I have supported a number of bills that would have  allowed these individuals to remain in the United States without the  fear of a court decision hanging in the balance, but each time,  partisan disagreements have prevented us from turning anything into  law. When it comes to immigration laws, Congress, on a bipartisan  basis, never fails to fail.   Well, I hope we can all agree, given this opportunity, that it is not  time for politics as usual, but it is time to provide some certainty,  some compassion, some support for these young men and women. After  years of being yanked around from courtroom to courtroom, these young  men and women deserve that certainty. They deserve to know that, when  they apply to college, grow up with their families, live their lives,  and do all the things everybody else wants to do, that they can do so  without a dark cloud hanging over their plans. But, as usual, in order  to come up with any solution, it is going to take buy-in from the  Senate, House, and White House.   I have been having conversations for years about this topic, but most  recently, I have been having conversations about the most efficient and  effective way to protect these young people in the long-term, and I am  willing to work with anyone, Republican or Democrat, who is interested  in solving the problem--not grandstanding, not posturing, not acting  like you care when you really don't, elevating politics over a  solution. I am not interested in that. If anyone is interested in  solving the problem and providing support for these young people, I am  all in.   Over the years, I have engaged with the Texas Hispanic Chambers of  Commerce, LULAC, Catholic bishops, and a number of other individuals  and organizations that share my commitment to providing certainty for  these young people. I hope we can come together and help them. These  folks want nothing more than to continue to be part of the American  dream. I hope we can deliver   