 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have been here a little over a year. I  keep mentioning that often because what a year it has been. In that  stretch, there has not been a period of time when I think there has  been so much urgency for us as a Senate and for the other Chamber to do  our job to deliver for the American people.   We are in the midst of a crisis. In building a business over 37, 38  years, you constantly have hurdles to jump. You never really know the  clear outcome. You try to have a great strategy with good  implementation and good tactics that will be your salvation through  thick or thin.   When it comes to the coronavirus, it is not as though we haven't had  other recent issues but nothing quite like this. It started in another  country. It has gone across the world, and it now looks like that  vector in our country--we may be dealing with it on a broader scale.   I am a guy who believes in free enterprise. I don't like it when  government has to step in, but I don't know what we would have done  otherwise in this case. Until we tamp the disease down, until we get  that curve flattened, no one is going to be at ease. We have invested  3, 4 weeks of actual guidelines. We knew it was coming way before that.  I am hopeful that we have been doing a lot of the right things even  before we were required to do them. We can't relent on that course.   On the other hand, never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined  an economy could be affected as it has. I get stories from my home  State of Indiana all the time, and not only from the places like  hotels, restaurants, bars, and airlines. I think our senior Senator,  who actually either went home or came out here, might have been the  only person on the plane. That is a graphic example of how this is  impacting commerce. The hotel owner I talked to had 2 percent occupancy  in the week before.   So, we have come together. This past weekend, we worked through it. I  think that is the first time since I have been here that on a  legislative matter we have done that. We had Democrats and Republicans  at the grassroots level working to deliver what I think is a good  package. It focuses on, No. 1, who needs it the most--workers who have  been displaced and small business owners. It also has stuff in it for  the broader part of the economy. Urgency is the key. We are working  through, right now, some short-term corrections, and I hope that  doesn't thwart the process.   We should have had this across the finish line Sunday evening to  where it could have been delivered on Monday morning, and we wouldn't  still have the Nation on high alert about what we are going to do here.  And it can only come from here in this case.   I am going to segue into--we need to get that done today, and I am  going to be for it. Each State, each Senator, and each Representative  is going to have to deliver to the small business owners, the  individuals who have been displaced by this. I have a team back in  Indiana that is taking on a big spectrum of casework. I invite you,  when this legislation gets across the finish line, to make sure you  reach out to our office.   Many of our cases, regrettably, have been along the lines of helping  folks interface with the VA. Sadly, I wish there were fewer of them,  but we have had really good luck. We interfaced when a cruise ship had  Hoosiers stranded, and we were able to follow up on the process to make  sure they came back. We are currently dealing with cases where people  are stranded overseas. Whatever it is, come to our Senate office. We  have a great team, and they have helped out a lot of Hoosiers already.   I want to end on a positive note. I think this has the country down  because everything you see is in the context of negativity. I like the  fact that, aspirationally, many are already talking about what we are  going to do when we come out of it, and through prayers and through all  the stuff Americans and Hoosiers have done, I think we are going to see  that curve start to flatten   I like the approach we have taken to put the emphasis on the disease,  because, until those numbers go down, no one is going to be at ease.  So, as we look to the future--Monday was that first threshold, 15  days--we need to recess, take all the information we have gained and  gathered, and make the right decisions going forward. I trust our  Governors and our local governments across the country to do the same  thing.   We will come out ahead. We are going to flatten the curve and make  sure that we are taking care of the most important thing first, and I  think that is going to be here, hopefully, sooner rather than later.  And then we also  [[Page S2037]]  need to be aspirational about what is going to really get this country  back to business as usual, and that is when we can have Main Street  going back to the way it was a month or two ago so that we can  recapture the best economy we have probably ever had in history.   I know Hoosiers will do their job. They will be aspirational, and  Americans across the country will do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   