 Madam President, I thank my colleague this afternoon  because he speaks today with passion and facts and clearly outlines  what our constituents told us at home this past week, and I thank him  for this partnership that Oregonians are seeing again on the floor of  this great Senate.   Madam President, Donald Trump has deployed a paramilitary squad to  our hometown in Portland. His secret police are terrorizing my friends  and neighbors. People across the country need to understand that  yesterday Donald Trump announced to America that your friends and your  neighbors are next.   There are unmarked vans full of armed men in military gear snatching  people off the streets. They take people away. They hold them. They  interrogate them without justification and ultimately without charges.   Over the weekend, a very close personal friend, Sharon Meieran, an ER  doctor and a mom, was protesting peacefully and was tear-gassed without  provocation. She felt like she was seeing democracy pass right in front  of her eyes.   Millions of Americans have seen the video of that local Navy veteran  who was repeatedly beaten and pepper-sprayed and left with broken  bones. People ask me: Ron, what was his offense?   I am sure Senator Merkley gets exactly the same question: What did he  do wrong?   He was standing motionless, hands by his side, speaking up for the  liberty that he served to protect. People are stunned that this is  happening on the streets of our hometowns. We have seen reports of  agents ripping a mask off of a protester who is obeying commands, with  hands in the air, only to pepper spray the protester's face. The secret  police even threw flash bombs and tear gas at a ``wall of moms.'' Here  they are. Here they are in our hometown. You can see them, over the  last couple of days: Moms and dads and now their kids are going to  peacefully sing songs and protest for justice.    Oregonians are just standing up for what is right. Only the cowards  of the Trump administration would try to convince America that these  peaceful protesters, the ``wall of moms,'' represent some kind of  anarchist threat. It is nonsense.   I condemn violence by anybody--always--and I spent much of last week  working for nonviolent solutions in my hometown and fresh approaches to  reduce tensions on our streets. The fact is, the protests in Portland  have been overwhelmingly peaceful. Crime in Portland and across Oregon  was down before Donald Trump sent in his secret police.   Donald Trump did not send that paramilitary force to keep people  safe. Donald Trump is doing it to create an image of chaos, to air it  on far-right television, scare the country, turn them into campaign  ads, but these are the people Senator Merkley and I are honored to  represent. These are the people Donald Trump's paramilitary forces  attacked and terrorized. He calls it a ``great success.'' As we have  indicated, he has a game plan to basically make Portland an experiment  and to do it in other cities, especially, by his accounts, those with  Democratic leadership and voters.   This kind of abusive exercise of power by a rogue President would  have horrified our Founding Fathers. They wrote a wonderful  Constitution to prevent exactly this behavior because democracy cannot  survive in a nation that tolerates it. These tactics were used  throughout the world a century ago to turn elected politicians into  tyrants.   The President's first and most important job is to keep Americans  safe. Residents of Portland are less safe and less secure since Donald  Trump deployed the secret police to our streets. The same thing--and I  say this to colleagues wherever you are from--the same things will  happen in your communities where Donald Trump will send his  paramilitary forces.   Frankly, when Donald Trump always talks about targeting Portland and  other cities, I say to Senator Merkley, I wish he would target the  coronavirus. I wish he would put a fraction of his passion for going  after our cities into dealing with the coronavirus because while Donald  Trump's secret police are out terrorizing Portland's moms and doctors  and other peaceful protesters, we face a raging pandemic and record- high unemployment.   I want us to renew the supercharged unemployment benefits that people  are going to lose this weekend. Donald Trump isn't doing any of that  work. What he is doing is making Americans in cities less safe and not  dealing with the coronavirus on top of it. He is attempting to cut  resources for COVID testing and treatment. His administration is  covering up data that the public health professionals rely on to do  their job. He does it repeatedly, anxious to cut the lifelines of 30  million jobless Americans, sending them tumbling off an economic cliff  right in the middle of the worst economic crisis since the Great  Depression.   He is not doing his job. He is ignoring his responsibilities. Both on  the streets of Portland and in Washington, DC, when he walks away from  dealing with the coronavirus, he isn't keeping Americans safe. He is  putting them in more danger.  [[Page S4336]]    As I have said repeatedly, Donald Trump ought to attack the  coronavirus pandemic and not the people of Portland. So that is why,  very shortly, Senator Merkley and I will offer an amendment that will  block Donald Trump from using these paramilitary forces in Portland or  other cities where they are unwanted.   What we are seeing in our hometowns is these paramilitary squads  brutally unleashed against peaceful protesters--moms and veterans,  doctors and activists. All they want to do is speak out for liberty and  justice.   What Donald Trump is now doing is incompatible with the fundamental  principles of democracy laid out by our Founders and expanded  throughout the generations. I believe what Donald Trump is doing, in  light of his statement yesterday, to America, that he is going to go  after one city after another, is totally out of control. The Senate  cannot allow this to happen. That is why Senator Merkley and I are  calling for the Senate to act.   I thank my friend and colleague for his leadership. He has made it  clear that 100 percent of Oregon's U.S. Senators are going to keep  pushing and fighting until this changes.   I yield the floor.   