 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4764,  the Timely Reauthorization of Necessary Stem-Cell Programs Lends Access  to Needed Therapies, or the TRANSPLANT, Act.   As co-chair of the Blood Cancers Caucus, I urge my colleagues to  support the TRANSPLANT Act. This bill is about providing hope to those  who are struggling with life-threatening illnesses.   The TRANSPLANT Act reauthorizes the C.W. Bill Young Cell  Transplantation Program in addition to the National Cord Blood  Inventory. I know that this was a priority for Congressman Young, and  it was an honor to serve with him and help him pass this bill  initially.   This Federal program provides critical support in the advancement of  research for better treatments and the infrastructure necessary to  organize registries which help ensure transplant patients have access  to lifesaving procedures. Simply put, its continued reauthorization is  vital for patients with diseases like blood disorders, blood cancer,  sickle cell anemia, and inherited metabolic or immune system disorders.    I sincerely appreciate the work of my friend and colleague and fellow  Blood Cancers Caucus co-chair, Congresswoman Matsui, in addition to the  legacy of bipartisan leadership and support of these programs by  Members like Congressman Chris Smith and, of course, our good chairman  and ranking member.   Additionally, I appreciate the critical daily work of the National  Marrow Donor Program, operating the Be the Match national registry,  connecting patients in search of a cure with lifesaving bone marrow  donors, even in the midst of this historic pandemic.   I also would like to take a moment to recognize the great work of Dr.  Joanne Kurtzberg, the president of the Cord Blood Association. She also  serves in multiple roles at Duke University, including director of the  Carolinas Cord Blood Bank.   Dr. Kurtzberg has dedicated her professional career to cord blood  research, banking, and transplantation, and is an internationally  recognized umbilical cord blood transplanter. She advised Congress on  the creation of the public cord blood banking program, which was part  of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and I believe  that was led by Representative Chris Smith. Dr. Kurtzberg continues to  be a trusted adviser to Congress on this important program.   Again, I urge my colleagues to join us in expediting the passage of  this lifesaving bipartisan bill, and it is a very crucial bill for a  lot of people, Madam Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding.   I rise today in support of H.R. 4861, the Effective Suicide Screening  and Assessment in the Emergency Department Act.   Our Nation remains in the midst of a suicide crisis, Mr. Speaker.  Over the past several decades, the suicide rate has risen sharply,  increasing by 31 percent since 2001--this is unacceptable--  [[Page H5019]]  making suicide the 10th leading cause of death and claiming an  estimated 47,000 lives annually.   A 2016 study found that 11 percent of all emergency department  patients exhibited suicidal ideation. However, only 3 percent of those  patients were diagnosed by current screening tools. Furthermore, about  70 percent of patients who leave the emergency department after a  suicide attempt never attend their first outpatient follow-up  appointment.   At the same time, emergency departments, which are often the place  within our healthcare system that provides care for people who are at  risk for suicide, have inconsistent protocols for screening and  treating high-risk patients.   For this reason, I introduced with my friend and colleague, a true  statesman, Congressman Engel, the Effective Suicide Screening and  Assessment in the Emergency Department Act.   The bill creates a voluntary HHS program to assist emergency  departments in developing protocols for identifying, assessing, and  treating individuals at risk for suicide, with preference given to  either critical access hospitals or hospitals located in a geographic  area with a suicide risk that is higher than the national rate.   Grants last for 2 years, and grantees must submit a report annually  on their efforts to improve the identification, assessment, and  discharge policies for individuals who are at risk for suicide.   This proactive approach is very vital, because emergency departments  are often, again, the first and, sadly, too often, the only point of  contact within the healthcare system for those most at risk for  suicide, like individuals living with severe mental health conditions  or substance use disorders.   With the added physical, mental, emotional, and economic stress this  pandemic has inflicted on American lives, there is growing data and a  consensus of concern from public health experts and stakeholders that  these stressors could lead to even more lives lost to suicide.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass the Effective Suicide  Screening and Assessment in the Emergency Department Act to further  equip our health providers to recognize and assist these patients in  crisis.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member and  the chairman for all of their good work and, of course, Congressman  Peters. This is a great committee, and we get things done, that is for  sure.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7293, the Suicide  Training and  [[Page H5021]]  Awareness Nationally Delivered for Universal Prevention Act, or the  STAND-UP Act.   There is no higher priority than keeping our children safe. I think  everyone agrees with that. Since 2010, suicide has been the second- leading cause of death for young Americans ages 10-24, unfortunately.   From 2007 to 2015, the number of children and teens visiting  emergency rooms for suicide-related injuries doubled. In 2017, 517  Americans aged 10-14, and 6,252 aged 15-24, committed suicide. Sadly,  some communities in my district are among those with the highest  suicide rates in Florida.   Research has shown that most of these young Americans tell someone  that they are contemplating suicide or school violence, and 68 percent  of averted violence was stopped because of a student reporting concerns  about a threat, plot, or other concerning behavior involving a peer.   The STAND-UP Act encourages States, Tribes, and schools to create  policies for student suicide prevention training using SAMHSA-provided  best practices, training, and technical assistance.   By providing high-quality screening and prevention training to school  staff and peers, threats can be identified before they materialize, and  those who are at risk have an opportunity to get the mental health  treatment they need and deserve.   I have seen firsthand the power of this particular program through,  again, nonprofits, like Sandy Hook Promise. They have been very  instrumental in getting this bill done, with their SAVE Promise Club.   My kids have gone to Palm Harbor University. I still have one there,  and that is in my district. Mr. Speaker, when properly equipped,  students can be empowered to prevent violence in their schools, and I  have witnessed the great work that they do in that particular school.   I appreciate the bipartisan work of my colleague, again, Congressman  Peters, and I urge my colleagues to join us in passing this critical  piece of legislation to reverse the troubling trend of youth suicide  and violence.   We have to get this through the Senate as well and to the President's  desk, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4439, the  Creating Hope Reauthorization Act.   Tragically, pediatric cancer remains the number one disease that  leads to the death of American children. While survival rates have  improved for some types of pediatric cancers, thousands of children are  lost to cancer each year, and many more encounter life-threatening  complications relating to harsh chemotherapies.   Children have significantly fewer treatment options than adults, Mr.  Speaker, and oftentimes must rely on treatment regimens developed for  adults because pediatric-specific treatments simply do not exist.  Unfortunately, as the popular healthcare adage goes, children are not  little adults.   Despite their significant need, pharmaceutical companies have had  trouble developing treatments for pediatric cancer and rare diseases  because of the small population and high cost of bringing these  specific treatments to market.   FDA's priority review voucher program has proven to be a boon to  incentivizing the development of therapies to treat rare pediatric  diseases. While progress has been made in the development of pediatric  therapies--in fact, 22 therapies have been approved  [[Page H5024]]  for the treatment of 18 rare pediatric diseases since 2012, which is  really great--there is still more work to be done however. Nearly 95  percent of all rare diseases do not have an FDA-approved treatment,  leaving many patients without options.    As co-chair of the Rare Disease Caucus, I sincerely appreciate the  good work from Ranking Member McCaul, of course, the ranking member of  the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the chairman of the Committee  on Energy and Commerce for bringing this bill forward, and also  Congressman Butterfield.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in passing the  Creating Hope Reauthorization Act, which will extend this vital  innovation lifeline for rare pediatric treatments and cures at FDA.   