 Mr. Speaker, over the last two months, I  have pushed for and strongly supported four comprehensive, bipartisan  COVID-19 relief laws.   By enacting those laws, Congress and the President have provided over  $3 trillion to meet the challenges posed by the virus and loan  guarantees backed by the Federal Reserve have added trillions more to  the rescue.   Despite some stark differences of opinion on what constitutes the  best federal, state and local response to the pandemic, we have managed  to put partisanship aside and seek solutions.   We have rallied for the people we serve--to make our communities  safer and to ensure that the tens of millions made unemployed by COVID- 19 have a bridge to prosperity again.   Because so many Americans--especially those on the front lines-have  sacrificed so much including their own lives to prevent the spread and  heal the sick, many are alive today.   Still, the loss of life--and disability suffered by those who have  survived-is staggering.   In my state of New Jersey, more than ten thousand people have  tragically died so far with more than half of the fatalities suffered  by women and men who resided in long term health facilities.   During this unprecedented crisis, there have been serious  negotiations with all parties and stakeholders to craft legislation to  mitigate the pandemic through an integrated plan to prevent, test and  treat.   Much has been done--but much work remains.   As you know, Mr. Speaker, I am a strong believer in principled  bipartisanship--especially when faced with a globe-altering pandemic.   At its core, bipartisanship is about respect for others even when  there are fundamental disagreements. Bipartisanship is not an end unto  itself, but can be a practical, good faith path to understanding  different views in order to achieve fair, equitable and sustainable  solutions to problems.   More often than not, bipartisanship helps build support and consensus  for effective policies.   Despite some harsh rhetoric by some, we have nevertheless managed to  put partisanship aside and seek solutions.   Until today.   The bill before us today was crafted in secret with no input from  Republicans in either the House or Senate or the White House--it is the  quintessential example of a partisan bill.   There were no congressional hearings on new policy initiatives or  changes to existing programs or changes to funding levels or what the  costs might be for newly created entitlements.   Is there a Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimate of the cost of  H.R. 6800? Nope--it doesn't exist.   We had three days to read H.R. 6800's over 1,800 pages.   I read the bill. I have more questions now than answers.   And I am shocked by an unfair process that disallows revisions to the  text or amendments to a $3 trillion bill--the costliest piece of  legislation in American history.   I would note parenthetically, that I've sponsored and managed many  major bills on this floor. My American Embassy Security Act of 1999 for  example was debated on the floor of the House for the better part of a  week and we debated over 50 amendments to the bill before it passed the  House.   The rule today allows only one amendment to recommit.   H.R. 6800 is unfair, deeply offensive and discriminates against  students attending Catholic, other faith-based or private schools.   The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and a large number of faith- based school associations wrote each of us last night to convey their  ``extreme disappointment'' that H.R. 6800 ``eliminates from eligibility  for aid almost all students enrolled by their parents in private  schools. This would represent a stark departure from 55 years of  precedent under federal education programs such as the Elementary and  Secondary Education Act (ESEA) and the Individuals with Disabilities  Education Act (IDEA) and rejects the approach taken by Congress during  all emergency relief efforts in memory . . . this is shocking and  unprecedented.''   H.R. 6800 also reopens the previously enacted CARES Act to restrict  emergency services to Catholic, faith-based and other private school  students.   That too is unconscionable.   Mr. Speaker, where are the calculations to responsibly justify the  need for taxpayer's money, especially since funds provided in  previously enacted COVID-19 appropriations laws are not even close to  being exhausted?   I am disappointed because I support some key policy initiatives in  the legislation including federal assistance at some significant level  of funding to state and municipalities--especially those hardest hit  like my state and district.   Today I introduced legislation--the New Jersey, New York, and Highly  Impacted States COVID-19 Relief Fund Act.   Joined by my good friend and colleague Peter King of New York, the  bill appropriates $500 billion in aid to the states, with significant  amounts targeted to those with the highest infection rates--like New  Jersey and New York.   Specifically, it appropriates:   $280 billion to the states:   $40 billion divided equally among 50 states;   $100 billion awarded based on the state's share of COVID cases  provided by CDC data;   $140 billion awarded based on the state's share of population.   $200 billion awarded within 30 days of enactment to all  municipalities and counties:   $100 billion to municipalities using a modified CDBG formula:   $750 million to entitlement municipalities (generally defined as  those with populations of at least 50,000)   $250 million to non-entitlement municipalities (generally defined as  those with populations of less than 50,000). These funds will be  awarded to states, which must make awards to non-entitlement cities  based solely on population within 30 days of receipt.   $100 billion to counties based on population.   Territories--$10 billion for the five territories and the District of  Columbia.   Tribes--$10 billion for tribal governments.   $15 million for the Treasury Office of the Inspector General.   Given the death, morbidity and business lockdowns, many states will  likely be unable to sustain their operations.   Comprehensive COVID-19 legislation should come to the floor of the  House of Representatives for debate and votes after rigorous due  diligence to the need and proposed remedies. H.R. 6800 has received no  such scrutiny.   It's nearly certain that another COVID-19 bill will be considered by  the House and Senate. We've got to get it right next time.   