 Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion to commit.    Madam Speaker, I doubt that there is a person on this  floor who disagrees with the premises that Mr. McCaul just stated.  Soleimani was a bad person. I said during the course of debate on the  Slotkin amendment, which referenced exactly that premise, that no one  lamented the loss of Mr. Soleimani--no one. That is not what this bill  is about, nor is that what this amendment is about.   This bill, which is called a partisan bill by Mr. McCaul, had 15  percent of the Republicans in the United States Senate vote for it.   This bill, called a partisan bill, says the bill we are voting on,  the bill we are going to pass, says that Members of the United States  Armed Forces and intelligence community and all those involved in the  planning of the January 2, 2020, strike on Qasem Soleimani, including  President Donald J. Trump, should be commended for their efforts in a  successful mission. That is what the bill that we are asking this body  to vote for says.   Madam Speaker, does that sound to you like a partisan document?   Now, Madam Speaker, the purpose of this motion is to kill this bill.  This is a Senate bill. It will send it back to committee. It will not  allow it to pass with an amendment, and it will preclude it from going  to the President of the United States.   Now, what this issue is about is our Constitution, about the power of  this body, about the responsibility of this body, and about the  authority of this body to declare or not declare war. That is what this  bill is about.   There may be some in this body who want to shrink from that  responsibility and send it to the President of the United States, but  our Founders believed that was not what our democracy ought to be. It  ought to be the Representatives of the people who take them to war, not  a President--any President, Democratic or Republican--to take us to  war.   This is about our responsibility. It commends President Trump, and it  commends our Armed Forces, and it allows them to defend themselves if  attacked. But it stands for the proposition that I hope all Members are  for, that we, the Representatives of the American people, ought to  decide on their behalf whether they or their sons and daughters go to  the point of the spear at war--not just one person.   There are a lot of countries in this world where one person makes the  decision. They are called dictators. Our Founding Fathers did not want  dictators running America.   And I say to my colleagues, of course, our Republican friends who are  offered this amendment never vote for an MTR, because--and I will not  read the litany of quotes from so many of you--an MTR is simply to  delay and defeat. Your quotes, not mine.   So I ask all of us, without exception, vote against this MTR, vote to  send this bill to the President of the United States, supported by 15  percent of the Republicans in the United States Senate. It is not a  partisan bill. It doesn't attack President Trump. In fact, it says,  ``our troops,'' and ``President Trump ought to be commended.'' It is in  the bill.   Don't tell me this is a partisan act. It is not. It is an act of  responsibility, and to our oath of office, and to the Constitution of  the United States. Vote ``no.''    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   