 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call  be rescinded.    Mr. President, I heard your comments earlier today--and I  couldn't agree more--on the importance of us dealing with the issues  that were on the floor today that we failed to deal with. I heard our  good friend Senator Scott's response to the way his hard work was  looked at and, frankly, ignored.   When the Congress stops resembling an honest and open discussion of  the issues, I think it gives us a lot to be concerned about. The  solution should be the goal. When Members of Congress are more  interested in a bill that they believe to be perfect rather than  seriously engaging in a debate, it raises a lot of concerns about how  we protect liberty and how we do our constitutional duty.   I have been in the Congress for a while, as some of my friends are  more than eager to point out, and I have never voted for a perfect  bill--ever. I have introduced a couple of perfect bills, but I have  never voted for a perfect bill. I have never voted for a bill that  couldn't be improved.   Our good friend Tim Scott said something the other day that struck me  as a truism. He said: I think most Americans are tired of Republicans  and Democrats talking about Republicans and Democrats. Most Americans,  as Senator Scott's point was made, want us to solve problems. They want  us to come up not with the best answer possible; they want us to come  up with the best possible answer.   What is the difference between the best answer possible and the best  possible answer? The difference is figuring out when you have gotten  done as much as you can get done and you decide that, in this process,  you want to accept that and come back at a later time and see if you  can do a little better.   They don't want us to reject a promising solution just because  someone from the other party said it first. They don't want us to  reject a promising solution just because it doesn't solve everything.   Nothing around here happens as fast as we would like it to. Debate,  discussion, and compromise all take time. Remember, the Constitution  was put together by people who didn't trust government. They didn't  want to make it easy for government to do things, and they didn't.   One of the great successes of all time was the success of making it  hard for our government to do things. It is hard to explain in other  countries where they have parliamentary systems where, if the leader  doesn't get what the leader wants, the government collapses. That is  not the way this government is designed at all. It is designed to take  some time, but you have to be willing to take the time. It is designed  [[Page S3178]]  to reach compromise, but you have to be willing to reach compromise.   We think our job should be to, again, come up with the best solution  we can come up with and try to do the job that we are sent here to do,  trying not to wait and say: Well, we are too close to an election.  Apparently we are too close to an election all the time now. We never  want to give away anything that could be a political issue because it  is better--maybe in some minds--not to solve it than it is to solve it.   Today's disappointing vote doesn't have to be final. The majority  leader changed his vote at the very end. It was 56 to 44--3 Democrats  and all of the Republicans wanting to move forward, but it takes 60  votes here to move forward.   By the way, it also takes 60 votes to get off the bill to have a  vote. There was nothing to be lost by seeing if we couldn't make  Senator Scott's bill better. In fact, I understand from his speech  earlier that he agreed to 20 amendments that had the possibility to do  that. That is what we are supposed to do. We are here to vote. We are  here to make decisions. We are here to move forward or to decide we  don't want to move forward. There are times when a decision is that  this is not the right solution to this problem. That was not what we  were dealing with today.   Our colleagues in the House planned their own legislation. There was  that moment of hope when the Speaker of the House said she looked  forward to taking their product--their bill--to conference. Well, you  only get to take a bill to conference if there is a conference, and you  only get to take a bill to conference if we pass a bill and the House  passes a bill.   By the way, if they are exactly the same bill, there is no reason to  go to conference. That bill goes to the President.   We pass a bill, the House passes a bill, we go to conference, and  then we come back. And 44 of our colleagues were unwilling to go  through that process.   On a bill like this, you get a lot of votes. You get the vote to go  to the debate. You get the vote to go to the vote. You get the vote to  pass the Senate bill. It has been, actually, a while since I heard  somebody say what used to be said often: I am voting for this bill. I  don't think it is where it should be yet, but I look forward to voting  for a better process coming out of conference.   You used to hear that all the time: I am voting for this bill so we  can get to conference, and in conference I am going to do everything I  can to work to make it better. That is how the process works.   This ``take it or leave it,'' nobody shows up--our friends at the  House show up one day to vote on a bill that God knows who decided what  would be in that bill, and that is the bill we either accept or reject.  What a foolish way to do business. What an unsatisfactory way to fail  to debate the issues that people sent us here to decide.   But, again, the House will pass a bill this week, and unless we  reconsider this decision, that will be the end of it. That will be the  end of it. The House has passed a bill. We are not going to take up the  House bill. There is no Senate product to go to conference. That is the  end of it.   It is an issue that we need to find a solution to. It was an issue we  needed to find a solution to after what happened in St. Louis in 2014.  It is an issue we have needed to find a solution to. The dates seem to  keep getting closer, to where this year three things happened in a  row--maybe more than three--that shouldn't have happened, and things  have happened since those three things that shouldn't have happened.   We need to lead on this issue. We need to find a way to make a  successful conclusion to the best we can do. The best we can do today  doesn't mean that is the best we can ever do; it just means, when you  have something that you are agreeing with--and this isn't even a bill  where--Senator Scott's bill--I didn't hear Democrats say: I agree with  80 percent of what is in the bill. They were more likely to say: 80  percent of what I want to do is in the bill.   Take 80 percent of what you want to do to conference and hope it  comes back with 90 percent of what you want to do or 96 percent of what  you want to do. But if you don't trust the process, the process cannot  produce a result.   People are tired of us failing to do our job. We need to vote. We  need to have amendments. We need to have bills on the floor on issues  like this that the American people are in the streets of America  saying: Solve this problem.   You can't solve this problem by turning your back on it. You can't  solve this problem by saying: If I don't get this exactly the way I  want it, I would rather not have anything. I will tell you what that  gets you. That gets you nothing. In a democracy, that does not work. If  you are getting your way all the time--at home, at church, at school,  at work, in the Congress--there is something wrong with you. There is  something wrong with you. Nobody gets their way all the time.  Compromise is the essence of democracy, but you have to be willing to  go to the place where compromise happens. On this bill, that would have  been at conference, to see if we can't come closer to a bill that  everybody believes is the best we can do.   I think Senator Scott did a great job with his bill. I think Senator  Scott thinks his bill could be better. But his bill is not the House  bill, and the House bill is not going to be the final bill either   What a mistake to walk away from the chance to solve a problem.   