 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   I, too, agree with my friend from California: Mr. Serrano was right.  This is something we need to do.   And I will probably catch some flack for it later from him, but I  have to say Mr. Aguilar is correct: We ought to do something to honor  the Latino community that has made our country the greatest country in  the history of the world.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to support the underlying legislation  that would create the first Smithsonian museum honoring Latinos. Again,  our country would not be what it is today without their contributions.   More than 18 percent of our population is Latino. Sixteen percent of  the men and women serving in our military heroically are Latino. You  don't have to look too far to see their contribution to the brave men  and women in our police forces throughout this Nation. Also, every  essential workforce that we see in America today is populated with  hardworking American Latinos. I would also be remiss if I didn't  mention, of course, a third of Major League Baseball players are  Latino.   And, unfortunately, we are not going to get to see who would win the  Congressional Baseball Game this year. I think it was our year; I truly  do. And I do certainly miss being able to jaw with my good friends, Mr.  Aguilar and Mr. Cardenas, while they came up to the plate while I was  playing catcher in that game. And I will tell you, the Latino  contribution to Congressional baseball has led to many more victories  than I would have liked, because I would like to win again this year.   Earlier this year, the House Administration Committee had a hearing  on the possibility of creating this museum to specifically honor  Latinos. This was an important step that hasn't been done on other  issues that we face in this Congress, because hearings give us an  opportunity to ask important questions about the complexities of  creating a world-class museum. And I am, again, glad Chairperson  Lofgren led the effort in getting this done.   At the hearing, we discussed the Smithsonian's current struggles in  handling the maintenance of their numerous facilities. In fact,  Chairperson Lofgren and I sent a letter last fall to appropriators  asking for robust funding to address the Smithsonian's current  maintenance and repair needs, which have now reached nearly $1 billion.   The lack of upkeep has led to damaged collections and building  closures. It is concerning to me to hear how much the Smithsonian is  struggling to take care of their current facilities, not to mention the  possibility of creating new ones.   This brings me to another concern: the cost of a new museum. And the  most recent Smithsonian museum constructed, the National Museum of  African American History and Culture, truly a work of art and history,  cost $555 million. That was nearly $200 million more than the  Commission estimated.   Given the current billion-dollar backlog, costs are always important  to consider, particularly as we envision what museums will look like in  a post-pandemic America. I bring these costs up, not to say this is an  impossible task ahead of us; it is to make sure that we learn from the  mistakes of the previous cultural giants like the last museum that was  built. As we look at the contributions of Latinos, we need to be  realistic about the current restraints of the Smithsonian.   Additionally, I am glad this legislation includes a provision  requiring all political viewpoints to be represented, because I believe  it is important we respect our diversity and all cultures throughout  the Smithsonian. No Smithsonian, no museum in America, should put a  political litmus test on what Americans get to learn from. This is what  makes our country great.   Madam Speaker, I hope the Smithsonian Institute takes my concerns  seriously as this great initiative moves forward, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I also yield 2 minutes  to the gentleman from California (Mr. Cardenas).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentleman from California.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Herrera Beutler), the Latino leader in  the Republican Conference and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Legislative Branch Appropriations.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hurd), my good friend, a gentleman who has  been leading on Latino issues in our Republican Conference, and someone  who bravely served our country in the CIA, but also, will be greatly  missed in this institution.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 2  minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30  seconds to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman  from Texas an additional 30 seconds.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, it is an honor to be  here to support this project; it is an honor to be able to stand here  with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle; and it is an honor to  give as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Hurd), my good friend, so that he can close out this debate on our  side.    Madam Speaker, I certainly hope that  that exhibit honoring Pete Aguilar is not because of winning the  Congressional Baseball Game, but I would be glad to see any exhibit  honoring many of our colleagues who have served, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   