 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that this bill has made it to  this level.   You know, Congress doesn't always work well, but sometimes it does.    Andy Harris and I were back here, about where he is sitting right now,  having a discussion one day, because a lot of times, things get solved  or issues come to a head because we are trying to solve problems for  the American people.   I believe that there are many uses for medicinal marijuana. I don't  support recreational use, but I support medicinal use. Andy thinks that  it goes way too far, as you heard him just say.   But the bottom line is, as we were discussing it, neither one of us  could cite scientific research to support our positions. So, we agreed  at that point that we would work together on our side of the aisle. And  obviously, the gentleman from Oregon has been leading on this for many,  many years, and he was going to lead on the other side. We agreed we  would try to find language that worked.   We have tried some backdoor routes to get it through some Energy and  Commerce bills before, schedule 1R to do research. But this is  extremely important. And you are either for medicinal marijuana or  against medicinal marijuana, but you can't make an argument either way  without the proper research.   This fine piece of legislation that was hammered out over a couple of  years, maybe as many as 5 years, is a good piece of legislation, and it  deserves the unanimous support of this United States House. I recommend  it to each and every one of you.   That being said, I would like to take another minute to speak about  my relationship with my Ranking Member Walden, who is leaving us. It is  with regret on my part that he is leaving. He has a life to lead, and  that is what people sometimes forget about Members of Congress.   There is life after Congress, and he is going to do some interesting  things. I am anxious to learn what they are. He says he is anxious to  learn what they are, too.   But he has so much talent. He has led our committee and then our side  of the aisle on the committee so well, and has allowed those of us who  are a little different sometimes to have some interesting ideas, to  have those ideas bubble up, to take some interesting votes sometimes in  committee, to allow Members down dais to have significant input. I am  greatly appreciative of that.   I am also appreciative of his friendship and loyalty. I remember when  we discovered that his longtime friend Ray Baum had a fatal disease,  how he stuck with him, how Ray kept coming to work and was doing things  all the way through, and then how he passed an important piece of  legislation which commemorated all of Ray Baum's work.   The bill has Ray Baum's name on it, as it should, but it was a  tribute from his friend, and I respect that type of friendship. I  appreciate it very much.   I will always hold you in high regard. If I can do anything to be of  assistance in the future, I will gladly do so.   