 Mr. Speaker, first of all, a little comment, maybe  clearing things up. I will point out to everyone in the room that when  we say the Pledge of Allegiance, the phrase ``to the Republic for which  it stands'' is in the pledge. And I think we all remember the memorable  comment of Benjamin Franklin at a time around when the Constitution was  drafted. He talked about he was giving us ``a Republic, if we can keep  it.''   Now, at the time the Constitution was drafted, our forefathers did  include a district, which would be the capital for the country. Our  forefathers put together the United States and reached a compromise  between the 13 States. They realized at the time it would be ridiculous  to break apart a State and give it two Senators, like all of the other  States. In part, that is because it is so different and has such a  different interest in the States.   All of the States, the 50 States, to a variety of degree, have been  given an amount of agriculture. There is virtually no agriculture-- maybe no agriculture--maybe somewhere there is a greenhouse or  something in the District of Columbia. There is no manufacturing. There  is no mining or logging. Or if there is, it is so tiny we can barely  see it.   Mr. Speaker, it is a unique city because it is based on government  jobs and tourist jobs connected to people coming and visiting those  government buildings. It is not like any other State out there. If it  were to become a State, its representatives would have spent all their  time almost devoted to getting more money for the city. And already the  Federal Government puts a great deal of money into the city. You  couldn't complain that they do not have enough funds for their schools  or their city. I believe their schools are somewhere in the top--if you  considered it a State--somewhere in the top three or four in the  country, as far as funding per person.   Mr. Speaker, it would make no sense, say, for Wisconsin to break off  and give two Senators to Milwaukee and give two Senators to the rest of  the State. Milwaukee is not a State.   