 Mr. President, I thank Senator Hassan for her leadership.  She speaks about State government and local government so well because  she was Governor of New Hampshire. She is one of only two women in  American history who has been a Governor and a Senator--a senator, a  Governor, and then a Senator. Thank you for your ongoing leadership.   Senator Carper, thank you for leading this effort.   We know Senator McConnell's office is down the hall there. For  months, we have been begging--begging--Senator McConnell, begging  President Trump to do something, to actually let us do our jobs. We  wanted to legislate. We wanted to do the things that Senator Hassan has  just talked about.   I am not really sure how Mitch McConnell has spent his summer. What I  do know is that in May, the House of Representatives passed the Heroes  Act. It helped local governments. It helped people stay in their homes  so they wouldn't be evicted. It helped our public school system. It  provided $600 to unemployed workers, and what is remarkable about that  is even during this pandemic, we haven't seen the poverty rate go up in  this country because of the $600 per week that millions of unemployed  workers are receiving, which they have earned.   The House did that in May. I don't know what Senator McConnell has  done since--through May, through June, through July, now into August,  and, finally, he comes up with something. We have asked him to extend  the unemployment insurance for literally the hundreds of thousands of  workers in my State, the thousands of workers in Nevada, the tens of  thousands of workers in Louisiana. We have asked the President and the  majority leader to extend that unemployment insurance.   But do you know what?   It is pretty unbelievable to hear of people on this side of the aisle  making $175,000 a year as U.S. Senators--most of my colleagues are  millionaires--and they complain that these unemployed workers are  getting $600 a week. They complain that these workers are getting too  much money as we earn $175,000 a year.   Last week, Senator McConnell finally came up with a plan that does  nothing to extend the $600 a week and that does nothing to keep people  in their homes and help them pay the bills. The last thing we should  want is a tidal wave of evictions so that people will have to go into  crowded homeless shelters or sleep in their cousins' basements because  they don't have places to live.   The bill does nothing to help State and local governments. Their plan  has zero dollars for communities--for Clark County, OH, or Clark  County, NV. We know how hard their budgets have been hit. Ohio's  Governor has already announced $750 million in State budget cuts,  including for education and Medicaid, and counties and cities and towns  are facing similar impossible choices. We know, with there being  hundreds of thousands of Ohioans out of jobs, if they don't get the  $600 a week, it will mean that more of them will go into poverty, that  more of them will have trouble feeding their families, and that more of  them will go into homeless shelters. It will only get worse if we don't  step in.   Let's be clear about what it will mean if we don't get more funding.  It will mean the layoff of teachers, the layoff of firefighters, the  layoff of children's services workers. It will mean less money for  schools--and not just to buy new technology they need for remote  learning. School costs have gone up. They have to make the buses safer  and the cafeterias safer and the technology for remote learning and the  classrooms safer. It will mean fewer resources for schools to expand  broadband and close the digital divide. It will mean putting critical  infrastructure projects on hold. It will mean property tax hikes and  sales tax increases.   I have talked to mayors and teachers and school board members. I  spend a good chunk of my time, as I know my colleagues do, on virtual  roundtables and conference calls. I talk to mayors and teachers, school  board members and firefighters, chambers of commerce, county health  commissioners, and university and college presidents.   I was on the phone yesterday with 100 county commissioners in Ohio-- most of them Republicans. I had a call organized by the Richland County  Chamber of Commerce--my hometown--with, probably, mostly Republicans.  Last week, it was the Cincinnati Chamber--probably mostly Republicans-- the Ohio college presidents, and Northeast Ohio parents and educators.  There was another call with Southwest Ohio parents and educators.   In every one of these calls, I heard the fear in people's voices and  the demand that we do something--that we don't just walk away like  President Trump and Mitch McConnell are doing. They are going to either  raise taxes on Ohioans who are hurting or they are going to lay off  workers and cut services people rely on.   One issue that comes up over and over is the fear that communities  are being set back years in our fight against addiction. The addiction  crisis didn't go away; it just got layered on top of this new health  and economic catastrophe. If we don't get State and local governments  additional funding, they are going to cut addiction services, and they  are going to cut mental health services. You know that, clearly, the  number of child abuse cases has gone up during this but not the  reported cases. We don't know about them because kids aren't going to  school and church to be able to have teachers, parents, people in the  community, and ministers report cases of  [[Page S4712]]  child abuse. Also, the social workers who go into the homes have been  laid off.   We need to be clear about what ``mass layoffs'' means. It means, if a  county in Ohio cuts the staff for schools, it is not just the  individual educators who get hurt; obviously, our kids suffer, and the  economy suffers. It means a longer recession, a deeper recession. Yet  Senator McConnell says 20 people on his side of the aisle are just  going to walk away. They are not even willing to vote for help for  schools, for unemployed workers, for people about to be foreclosed on  or evicted, or for local governments. You know, the stock market is  doing OK, but the stock market is not the economy.   We will not have a real recovery until we invest in the real economy  in communities in Ohio and Nevada and Arkansas and across this country.  Ohioans shouldn't have to fend for themselves in the middle of a once- in-a-generation crisis. That is essentially what the Trump-McConnell  plan--if you can even call it a serious plan--tells Ohio communities:  You are on your own. You are on your own.   We must pass a recovery bill, and it must include new, flexible  funding. Trust the communities. Trump and McConnell don't trust local  communities. They send a few dollars here and there. They attach  strings to it because they don't trust local communities. I trust my  local school boards. I trust my local county commissioners. I trust my  local mayors. We have to get them help. They know what is best for  their communities. Let them do their jobs.   Senator McConnell and President Trump, let us do our jobs.   I yield the floor to the junior Senator from Nevada   