 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a bill  to name a U.S. Post Office in Indianapolis in honor of Senator Richard  Lugar, the former distinguished Senator from Indiana who passed away  last year.   S. 3105, follows my bill, H.R. 3152, a bipartisan bill supported by  every Member of Indiana's House Delegation, which was successfully  marked up and reported out of Committee by a unanimous vote last year,  and then passed by the House by another unanimous vote last October. At  the time, it was a wonderful start as we worked to celebrate Senator  Lugar's inspiring legacy. Now, it is an even more timely reminder of  the importance of public service and comity--and the importance of  recognizing the people committed to serving our country, each day.   I was fortunate to know the late Senator Lugar, and I respected him  deeply for his commitment to community and country.   He understood what it meant to be a true public servant, and the  values he expertly displayed have inspired my work in Congress since.   He was a brilliant scholar, a brave member of our armed forces, and a  dedicated public servant who championed people and principle over  party.   His distinguished life is a testament to the type of leader that  Indiana cultivates. And his public service is an unquestionable example  of his deep commitment to our country.   That commitment to community and those values are the same as the  ones that inspire the public servants working at the United States  Postal Service. As this bill is considered today, I think it is both  fitting and timely for us to reflect on the importance of the public  service done at USPS.   At a time when public servants--especially Postal Service workers-- are under attack from the current administration, this bill is a  reminder of why we name our public buildings after the men and women  who serve our nation with distinction and honor.   As the former Mayor of Indianapolis during the turbulent year of  1968, Richard Lugar helped lead our city away from violence after the  assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., by working with Robert F.  Kennedy, who broke the terrible news to Hoosiers gathered that day for  a campaign speech. Those two proponents of peace over violence helped  make Indianapolis one of the few major cities that did not erupt in  painful destruction after Dr. King's murder.   Naming public buildings after a man like Senator Lugar is not only an  act of commemoration and celebration of a great man, but it is also a  fine example for our youth and the next generation about the virtues of  public service in a democracy like our own.   Now, more than ever, the Postal Service will play a critical role in  safeguarding and ensuring an accurate vote tally--the absolute bedrock  of a democratic system.   I was honored to introduce the legislation that passed the House last  year, and I remain proud to help add the late Senator Lugar's name to a  building that means so much for the public service and the democratic  values we hold so dear.   