 Mr. Speaker, see this mask? What does it say? ``United  States Postal Service.'' Not ``business''; ``service.''   For every American, no matter how remote they live, they can get  mail. They can get their prescriptions. They can have a small business  in Powers, Oregon, pretty remote from everything, and use the Postal  Service.   Now, you can't have it both ways, guys. You say the Postal Service  doesn't have a problem. Well, wait a minute. DeJoy is making these cuts  because he says it has a revenue problem. He has prohibited overtime  because they have a revenue problem. They can't move their delivery  vehicle more than four times on a route. Eight-mile-long route, you are  going to walk 2 miles each way.   Guess what? Mail is getting delayed all across the country.   The fact is, before the pandemic, they were breaking even or making  money if we did away with the stupid prefunding of 75 years of  healthcare that was put in in the dark of the night by the Bush  administration in a lameduck Congress, and 309 people in this House,  including 87 Republicans, voted for that in February, but it hasn't  happened.    So you can't have it both ways.   But there is no doubt that the mail is being delayed. I am hearing it  from everywhere.   Ms. Lorey, she cares for a blind elderly veteran: I ordered the VA  refills for him. They were so late arriving, we had to ration out his  most important medication from two pills a day to one pill a day until  the prescription arrived.   Ms. Trudy, Eugene, Oregon: My husband is a Vietnam war veteran. His  meds are delivered by mail. I love my husband. I want him to get the  meds he needs to survive.   Last year, the Postal Service delivered 125 million VA prescriptions  on time, but somehow, with the efficiency measures and the cuts--which  I guess they don't need to make, but he is making because of the  financial crisis--they can't deliver VA meds on time. They can't  deliver prescription drugs for seniors and many other Americans who are  required by their insurance plan to get their meds through the mail  with just-in-time delivery, which isn't happening.   You cannot deny those things.   Why are they happening? How are you going to fix it?   You are up here blathering about all sorts of crap. Talk about how we  are going to restore this Postal Service in the United States of  America to efficiency.   