 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule  change.   Rather than taking time to implement a bipartisan plan to safely open  this House and our work on the Hill, as suggested by the Republican  leader, the House majority is taking the lazy way out.   The U.S. Constitution and 200 years of precedent require a physical  presence to establish a quorum to protect all Members' rights and the  rights of the Americans who vote for these Members.   If we pass this rule change today and make attendance optional, we  are taking away the fundamental nature of our government of elected  Members of the House representing our citizens.   Since the first Congress, through it all--bad roads, bad weather,  invasion, and the burning of this very Capitol, Civil War, and  depression--Members have assembled to do the people's business.   Our Founders intended that legislating be hard but fair. Our Founders  compelled the people's representatives to assemble, to collaborate, to  find a way forward. This rule will only make it harder to find that  consensus during these times.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to reject this unnecessary  change to the House rules.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), my friend.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation.   Over the last 3 months, we have put together a series of bipartisan  bills that are extraordinary, and they amount to $2.9 trillion in  spending. While the amount $2.9 trillion is 60 percent of what the  Federal Government spends in an entire year, nonetheless, this  bipartisan effort was essential to beat the virus and get our economy  back to full capacity.   Mr. Speaker, today, we vote on another $3 trillion in spending when  we haven't even gotten all of the first phase of money out to our  schools, to our hospitals, to our cities, to our States. We have not  completed getting the money out to restart our economy.   Yet the House majority has blocked the House from working  bipartisanly and has cooked up this 1800-page bill in the Speaker's  hideaway. This proposal, much of which has nothing to do with the  coronavirus, discourages work and delays our economic recovery.   We need to assess our actions and bring bipartisan efforts to the  floor to address the gaps.   