 Mr. President, my seatmate here, Pat Roberts, is going to  be missed not just by the whole Senate, not by the Nation, not by the  people of Kansas, but by a lot of us he keeps going day-to-day and has  for a long time.   I first met Pat Roberts in 1979. I had just been elected in 1978 to  the U.S. House of Representatives. As has been said here today, he was  the chief of staff of distinguished Congressman Keith Sebelius, who was  well recognized and well respected on both sides of the aisle. Pat was  his chief of staff. Our paths crossed later when he was elected to the  Senate. We served on the Intelligence Committee together and on other  committees.   He is unique. That wit of his, I think--the humor--is genetic. He has  a daughter who is like that, which is wonderful, I think. I told Pat  one time: That must be an inherited characteristic. He smiled. He  understood. Yet Pat Roberts is a lot more than just a little humor to  me; he is a serious person. He has had, as you know, a distinguished  career as a Kansas State graduate, a Marine officer, a staffer, a  Congressman, and one who has chaired both Ag Committees in the House  and Senate, which has never been done--40 years of elected office  between the House and the Senate.   We are going to miss you, Pat. I am going to miss you. I have sat  here with you, and I have sat all over the Senate with you.   I will tell you, if you are feeling down about something or if you  are feeling bleak that day, Pat will either straighten you out or make  you think that this is not all bad, that America is coming together,  and that it is always coming together.   So, Pat, you have your great family up here with you today. Franki  has been unique for you. She has been a great influence on you. We are  going to miss you. I am going to miss that humor every day. Godspeed   Mr. President, today, I would like to speak about my longtime  colleague and friend, Senator Pat Roberts.   Pat and I have served together in Congress for 40 years. It comes as  no surprise that he is the longest-serving member of the Kansas  delegation.   Born in Topeka, Pat graduated from Kansas State University (K-State)  and served as an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps, achieving the rank  of First Lieutenant.   He went on to work for Senator Frank Carlson and later Congressman  Keith Sebelius, whom he succeeded in the House of Representatives in  1980.   Pat and I were colleagues in the House. It was there that we first  became friends.   In 1996, Pat was elected to represent Kansas in the U.S. Senate and  is currently finishing his fourth term.   Pat Roberts has had quite the career in public service. Over his four  decades in Congress, he has served as chairman of the House Agriculture  Committee, the Senate Ethics Committee, the Senate Intelligence  Committee, and the Senate Agriculture Committee.   Pat Roberts is the first Member of Congress in history to have  chaired both the House Agriculture Committee and the Senate Agriculture  Committee.   He has also served as the ranking member on each of those committees.   In 2018, Senator Roberts became the first Member of Congress to write  and pass farm bill in both Chambers.   Over the years, his dedication to the people of Kansas has been  extraordinary and inspiring.   He arrived on Capitol Hill as a staffer in 1967--and is leaving  Washington as the longest serving Member of Congress in his State's  history.   It is also worth noting that he never lost a race. Not once.   Pat Roberts will undoubtedly be missed in the Senate by his peers on  both sides of the aisle.   Senator Roberts is currently my deskmate on the Senate floor. I know  I will miss his congeniality and humor during our conversations.   Annette and I have enjoyed spending time with Pat and Franki over the  years. We wish them all the best.   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object.   My colleagues, I believe here today, are promoting legislation that  they claim will spur Congress to pass appropriations bills in the event  of a government shutdown--in other words, to avoid it.   I think they have a good idea, but would that do the job? I doubt it,  but this debate will go on, and it should because I agree with the  frustration that so many of you have, including the Presiding Officer  here. We are having to part with it.   My colleague from Vermont, Senator Leahy, and I, for 2 straight  years, with cooperation--bipartisanship--were able basically to pass  these appropriations bills, most of them, for the first time in years.  This has slowed down this year, absolutely. I know it is a big  Presidential race and everybody running this year and that throws it  into it.   But we would like to pass these bills before October 1, just as you  would. But I don't believe this legislation would do what you think it  would do, and I think it deserves further inquiry and scrutiny.   I believe it would exacerbate, in some ways, the problem that we are  trying to resolve here. We are right now close to closing out,  hopefully, all of our appropriations bills. We call it an omnibus. I  agree with their frustration. We should, as a body, both parties, every  Member of the Senate, should have had the priority, No. 1, to do this  before October 1 each year, as we used to do it.   So unless this legislation somehow prohibits political partisanship,  I don't believe it will increase the probability that we get our work  done, shutdown or not.   I think the key is to work together. Senator Leahy and I have  demonstrated that in a few years, but we need all of us to come  together on this and place the rules first, place the government--don't  shut down.   I stand before you every day. The worst thing we can do is shut down  the government. The specter of a shutdown is bad in itself, which we  face right today.   So I believe the most important incentive right now for us to do is  try to work together. If we can't, we are going to have to do  something. It might be something like what you are talking about, but I  think it deserves further debate, further inquiry.   And there is a political downside to all this, I know. But if we work  together, we will get these bills passed. Nobody is more acutely aware  of that than my colleague from Vermont, who has been on the  Appropriations Committee for many years, before I was even there. But  the American people, as someone said here today, elected us to do our  job. They are absolutely right--we should do our job and do it  promptly, and we can if we work together.    Having said that, I know this issue is not going away unless we do  our job like we should, but I object to the unanimous consent request  at this point.   