 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 8015  and the manufactured crisis my Democratic colleagues have created  regarding the U.S. Postal Service.   For the past week, the American people have been told they cannot  trust the Postal Service to do their job and that Republicans, along  with President Trump, are trying to undermine the agency.   That could not be further from the truth. The Postal Service has more  than enough funding to operate for the next calendar year and has not  even acted upon the $10 billion loan the Treasury offered back in July.    The sad truth is that the Postal Service has been financially  unsustainable and without reform for over a decade, and the bill we are  voting on today will do nothing, absolutely nothing, to improve the  shortfalls with this agency.   We should, instead, be working together to address certain problems  we have while being conscious of the taxpayer dollars that have been  used for bailouts over the years.   Madam Speaker, I have a rural district in Texas, District 25. We rely  [[Page H4287]]  upon the Postal Service to fulfill services that my constituents would  otherwise go without. I am an advocate for improving this agency, and  we should dedicate time to do just that, but there is an actual crisis  among us that should demand our immediate attention.   In the car business, you can't charge the sticker price if you don't  have a vehicle to deliver, and you don't sell used cars that won't  start. We are not delivering results today. The immediate crisis we  need to address is caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.   Main Street America and families across Texas are wanting results,  but my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would rather ignore  this truth and, instead, politicize a conspiracy theory. If my  colleagues are serious about postal reform, then let's get to work, but  the legislation before us today isn't the answer. It is, frankly, a  waste of time.   I should be home with my family. I should be home with my  grandchildren. As we say in Texas, ``This dog won't hunt.'' Well, let  me tell you, this dog won't hunt.   And, P.S., let's make the Postal Service run like a business.   