 Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I rise in strong support of this emergency supplemental, which will  help Puerto Rico recover from damage caused by the ongoing earthquakes  that have struck the island. It will help an island that is still  struggling to recover in the wake of Hurricanes Maria and Irma.   Since December 28, Puerto Rico has experienced thousands of  earthquakes,  [[Page H943]]  including numerous powerful ones. These earthquakes have caused  significant damage to the island's roads and schools and left many  individuals' homes structurally unsound. Many residents are fearful and  uncertain of what comes next.   Thousands of Puerto Ricans are in need of assistance to repair the  damage to their homes and lives. Many have once again left the island  for New York, Florida, and elsewhere, and need help there, also.   This bill provides the island with the support necessary to help  repair damaged infrastructure, allow students to continue learning, and  assist in its economic recovery. It provides nutrition assistance to  the most vulnerable members of Puerto Rican society.   This bill also puts in safeguards to ensure that the administration  spends the money as instructed by Congress so the island's recovery is  not hindered by a further man-made disaster.   We all know what happened to our fellow citizens of Puerto Rico in  the aftermath of Hurricane Maria and how our government's inadequate  response hurt the response and recovery efforts. I am thankful that my  colleagues here in the House are determined not to let that happen  again.   I hope our Republican colleagues in the Senate will act quickly to  help Puerto Rico, and I urge strong support for this bill in the House.   I usually do not comment on any comment made by another Member. The  person who made these comments is a person I have the utmost respect  and admiration for, but our ranking member to the committee said that  the bill is premature. How can it be premature to try to help American  citizens still recovering from two hurricanes? How can it be premature  to help American citizens? It is never premature. The time is right.   