 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I also thank Representative Bera for introducing this bill with me. I  am proud to rise in support of H.R. 5760.   Mr. Speaker, cyber and physical threats to our electric grid are  constantly evolving in technique and increasing in number. This  challenge is magnified by its complexity. No two attacks are exactly  the same.  [[Page H5030]]    Last year in the United States, the energy sector ranked ninth in  industries most targeted by cyberattacks. In fact, IBM estimated that  cyberattacks against vital energy sector technologies, like industrial  control and operational systems, increased by more than 2,000 percent-- 2,000 percent.   Mr. Speaker, it is clear that we must be prepared to address this  threat as we continue to build on the success of our clean energy  future and long-term international competitiveness. Every single aspect  of our daily lives in each economic sector in our Nation is dependent  on the uninterrupted flow of power. I like to say that the things that  make America great are the things that America makes.   How do we do that? With an uninterrupted, affordable flow of power.   Therefore, we must focus heavily on early-stage research into new  technologies that will improve the resilience, the reliability, and the  emergency response capabilities of our electric grid.   H.R. 5760 does that by authorizing a multi-agency research and  development program to bolster the cyber and physical security  capabilities of the energy sector.   It authorizes key Federal agencies, like the Department of Energy and  the National Science Foundation, to support early-stage research,  development, and demonstration activities that will advance critical  cybersecurity technologies and enhance the security of energy sector  information systems.   Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased to say, as the ranking member did,  that this bill is truly bipartisan. We worked closely together to  develop good legislation, and we included a key Committee on Science,  Space, and Technology Republican priority; that is, a critical  infrastructure research program and test facility.   This provision, originally offered by my good friend, Ranking Member  Lucas' bill, H.R. 5685, the Securing American Leadership in Science and  Technology Act, was accepted as an amendment at committee markup.   In coordination with the Department of Defense and the Department of  Homeland Security, the DOE-led research program and test facility will  allow for U.S. researchers to conduct a variety of high-priority tests  on critical infrastructure systems at the industry scale. This facility  is a perfect example of the research asset that the Federal government  is best suited to provide.    As recent events have shown us, it is not a question of if the U.S.  power grid will face a significant physical or cyber threat, it is only  a matter of when. In order to improve the cyber and physical security  of our Nation's energy sector, we, in Congress, must continue to  prioritize R&D to modernize and strengthen the national electricity  system.   We can't agree on everything--I get that--especially when wish lists  and partisan messaging exercises rule the day. However, when we  identify our shared goals and work together in good faith, we can put  together real legislation and find a path forward for the benefit of  the American people.   Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Dr. Bera for introducing this  legislation, and Members and staff of both sides of the aisle for  working in a collaborative manner to reach a consensus on this  standalone bill.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation.  There is real power in doing so.   