 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today the Senate will take a rather  pointless vote on the latest highly partisan, Republican, emaciated  COVID relief bill.   Now, the Republican leader keeps claiming that his bill is an attempt  at a bipartisan solution, but of course the bill was drafted solely by  Republicans--no input from Democrats--and rushed to the floor.   Mr. Leader, go look up in the dictionary what bipartisanship is. It  is both parties working together, not your party doing a bill and then  saying it is bipartisan.   What the Republican leader has done is no one's idea of  bipartisanship, not even his own Members'.   Let's go over history. He has done this trick before: COVID 2, COVID  3, COVID 3.5. In each case, Republicans came out--the leader came out  saying he did his own bill, saying: This is the only bill that will  pass. Democrats are blocking it.   Democrats held strong, and what happened? We got much better bills  with many of the things we wanted. We got truly bipartisan bills once  the leader determined that he had to negotiate with Democrats to pass  something. That will happen again. There is a decent chance that will  happen again. But this bill is not going to happen because it is so  emaciated, so filled with poison pills, so partisanly designed--it was  designed to fail.   Now, the Republican leader claims the vote this week will expose  Democratic obstruction and delay--another one of these ``Alice in  Wonderland"-type statements--but, of course, Democrats weren't the ones  who said: Let's put the Senate on pause. Who said that? Democrats  didn't say: Let's wait and see. Who said that? Democrats didn't delay  for 4 months while the Nation suffered. In fact, the House passed a  bill with the broad support of Senate Democrats.   So while the President was lying to the American people about the  coronavirus, Senate Republicans were following suit in spirit. The  Republican leader himself talked about the lack of urgency in his  caucus to address the problem. So the idea that Democrats, who passed a  comprehensive relief package through the House nearly 4 months ago, are  the cause of delay and obstruction is ridiculous. It has been the  Republicans all along. The record shows it.   From the beginning, from way back in March after the CARES Act  passed, Democrats have insisted on continuing a program of assistance  to the American people. We proposed legislation to give hazard pay to  essential workers, rental assistance, housing assistance, nutrition  assistance, legislation to extend the enhanced unemployment benefits  that kept nearly 12 million Americans out of poverty, money for rural  broadband, money to help our restaurants and our hotels. We have  proposed many different things, none of which are in the Republican  bill.   House Democrats passed the Heroes Act through their Chamber. So far,  it is the only major COVID relief bill since the CARES Act to pass  either Chamber of Congress. Meanwhile, as the spring turned into summer  and as summer approached fall, Republicans dithered and delayed. They  pushed their chips in with President Trump's lie and hoped the virus  would miraculously disappear and everything would be all better. Rather  than use the power of the Federal Government to help our citizens  during a once-in-a-lifetime crisis, Senate Republicans closed their  eyes and crossed their fingers, hoping they wouldn't have to do  anything. Sound familiar? It is just what President Trump tried to do  as well.   Here now, in September, Republicans finally felt the public pressure  to support a bill, but instead of working with Democrats on something  that could pass, our friends on the other side tried to find the bare  minimum that Senate Republicans could support. They had 20 Republican  Senators--in the words of the leader--who wanted to spend no money. The  greatest economic crisis since the Depression, the greatest health  crisis since the Spanish flu just about a century ago, and 20  Republicans want to spend nothing. They are the tail wagging the  Republican dog.   So the Republican leader didn't know what to do. He proposed a meager  bill, a skinny bill of $1 trillion, but even that wasn't good enough  for the hard right--the large hard right--in his caucus. So he put  together, with spit and polish, an emaciated bill that hardly does a  thing--that leaves out so many Americans, it doesn't come close to  meeting the moment--so he might say he might be able to bring something  on the floor with a modicum of support in his caucus.   It is insufficient. It is completely inadequate. It does not help  renters keep a roof over their heads or American families put food on  the table. It shortchanges healthcare and education. It does not  provide a dime to protect essential State and local services. It is  laden with poison pills, provisions our colleagues know Democrats would  never support, to guarantee the bill's failure.   The truth is, the Republicans and the Republican leader don't want to  pass a bill. Too many on the hard right--in the Senate and outside it-- would be angry if they actually put together a bill that could pass.   So Leader McConnell, this morning, demanded that Democrats name  exactly what we oppose in their bill, like it was some kind of  challenge. How about the broad immunity provisions? From the day he  announced them, he knew that it wouldn't get Democratic support. How  about the Betsy DeVos school choice plan that would funnel money into  private schools while he neglected the real needs of our public  schools? Of course Democrats would oppose that. He knew that. He knows  that.   The truth is, this emaciated bill is not a serious attempt at  legislation or solving the real problems in our country. It is a shame.  It is one of the most cynical moves I have seen, a fairly transparent  attempt to show that the Republicans are doing something, when, in  fact, they want to do nothing, in reality.   We are in the middle of a pandemic, historic unemployment, industries  struggling from one end of America to the other, and Leader McConnell  isn't searching for bipartisan progress; he seems to be looking for  political cover. Once this bill goes down, we will be right where we  started at the start of the week: waiting for our Republican colleagues  to wake up to the size of the crisis in our country and work with us on  a bill that actually makes sense.   We want to work on a bipartisan bill. The Speaker and I have come  down $1 trillion off our initial request, which was based on the real  needs of the American people during this pandemic crisis. Our  Republican colleagues--both the President's minions and the Republican  Senate--have refused to budge.   I still have some hope, once this bill is defeated. If past is  prologue, there is actually a significant chance that the public heat  on many Republican Senators, as they go back home, will have them come  to their senses and they will start negotiating with us in a serious  way. That happened on COVID 2. It  [[Page S5529]]  happened on COVID 3. It happened on COVID 3.5. I pray and plead, for  the sake of our country and the people who are suffering, that it will  happen again and that Republicans, once they see they can't pass this  emaciated, terribly insufficient, and poison-pill-pocked proposal, will  start negotiating in reality with us--something they have not done as  of yet   