 Madam President, I come to the floor this morning as a  Senate colleague who may know Chuck Schumer better than most. We lived  under the same roof for almost 20 years. We know one another. We know  each other's families. We have been together through moments of sadness  and triumph. I know him well, and I come to the floor this morning to  make this statement.   I respect Chief Justice John Roberts, but I respectfully disagree  with the statement he made yesterday about Senator Schumer's comments  before the Supreme Court Building. It is not in Chuck Schumer's nature  to physically threaten anyone--anyone--or to create a dangerous  situation for any person. That is just not Chuck Schumer. Even his  passion, as you just heard about the issue of women's healthcare, would  not lead him to that position. Yes, as he said, he could have chosen  his words more carefully, but is there a person in public life who has  ever stood in this Chamber or any other who wouldn't say the same about  some public utterance?   What troubles me is his being admonished publicly by President Donald  Trump for his use of words--being admonished by President Trump for his  use of words. It just takes your breath away to think that this  President, with his thousands of tweets and statements and utterances-- outrageous as they have been--would be standing as a judge of others  when it comes to the use of language.   I listened carefully this morning as Senator McConnell, the  Republican leader, came to the floor and spoke, when he talked about  his singular respect for the Supreme Court and judicial independence.  He used the phrase repeatedly: ``judicial independence.'' He called the  judiciary, rightly, a pillar of the American Government.   Does Senator McConnell think we have forgotten what he did when it  came to the Supreme Court after Justice Scalia passed away? He  intentionally left a vacancy in the Court for almost a year for  political purposes before it was filled.   We remember when President Obama, in the last year of his Presidency,  offered the nomination of Merrick Garland, a highly respected circuit  court judge for the District of Columbia. Do you remember what this  Republican leader, Senator McConnell, did in response--this man who so  admires this pillar of the American Government, the judiciary? He  refused to even personally meet with Merrick Garland, President Obama's  nominee, and he instructed his colleagues on the Republican side to do  the same, to shun him, to give him the cold shoulder, and to make it  clear that, for a year, there would be a vacancy in the Court because  he, Senator McConnell, was praying he would get a political opportunity  to fill that vacancy if a Republican were elected to the Presidency.  And, of course, that is what happened in 2016.   So for Senator McConnell to come before us and talk about his respect  for the Court, keeping politics out of the Court, calling it a pillar  of the American Government--has he forgotten what he did to Merrick  Garland?   Incidentally, despite his constitutional contortion that, for some  reason, in the last year of a Presidency, that President has given up  any constitutional right to fill a vacancy, Senator McConnell was  recently asked: Well, what if that happens in the last year of  President Trump's administration?   Well, he wasted no time saying: Of course, I would let President  Trump fill the vacancy--as transparent as possible his partisan motives  when it comes to that Supreme Court.   So if he wants to show respect for the Court, it certainly has not  been demonstrated, starting with the vacancy of Justice Scalia.   And how about Senator McConnell's single-minded effort to fill every  Federal vacancy across the United States as quickly as possible, sadly,  with many men and women who scarcely have any experience of service in  our judicial system?   So far, President Trump has sent to this Senate, with Senator  McConnell's acceptance and approval, nine nominees for the Federal  Judiciary who have been found ``not qualified'' by the American Bar  Association, many of them unanimously--nine men and women who have such  extreme backgrounds or such limited experience that they shouldn't sit  on the Federal bench. But Senator McConnell, with  [[Page S1512]]  his respect for the judiciary, couldn't wait to give them lifetime  appointments.   Oh, you ask: Wait a minute. What about President Obama? How many did  he send to the Senate who were found ``not qualified'' by the American  Bar Association? None. None, not one.   That is what we are facing here with Senator McConnell's singular  strategy to fill the courts with people who share his extreme views on  women's healthcare, on civil rights, and on so many other fundamental  issues.   So preaching on this floor about your respect for the Supreme Court,  your respect for our Federal judiciary doesn't go very far when you  take a close look at the record that Senator McConnell has written.   At this point, let me suggest that we move forward from this day and  not dwell on what the morning headlines might be. We have work to do,  and it would be better if we did it in a bipartisan fashion, with  respect for one another.   I stand ready to work with those on the other side of the aisle to  achieve that goal, but I want to say at this moment that dwelling on  this particular chapter doesn't serve the American people. They didn't  send us here to squabble and fight. They sent us here to pass important  legislation that respects their right to quality, accessible, and  affordable healthcare. They sent us here to make sure that women have  the basic constitutional right to make the most important personal  decisions of their lives. They sent us here to make sure that we serve  this country in giving working families a fighting chance. All of the  other things that we spend time talking about on this floor diminish in  comparison.   It is time for us to roll up our sleeves and let the Senate be more  than a rubberstamp for Federal judicial nominations when there are  partisan goals in mind by Senator McConnell and others.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr.  Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders)  and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.   