 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chairman, my amendment strikes the language in the  PRO Act that would, in effect, repeal right-to-work laws nationwide.   Currently, 27 States have adopted right-to-work laws that protect  workers in their States from forced unionization. Eight of these States  further protect their workers by enshrining right to work in their  State constitutions.   At their root, right-to-work laws let workers choose whether or not  to join a union. Right-to-work laws do not ban union membership.  Instead, they let workers, not their employer and not the government,  make the choice for them.   My colleagues opposite want to make the government the answer to  everything. Yet, here we are today, and we should be protecting  American values, American freedoms, that freedom of speech and that  freedom to associate as a worker chooses.   The Supreme Court already recognized these rights in the union  context when it ruled that government workers cannot be forced to pay  union dues. Taking away this freedom in the private sector would  reverse decades of protections that the States have given their  workers.   I might add that some of the best growing economies are States where  we have this ability, and my colleagues opposite want to, indeed, come  in and reach into States and tell them how to operate when we have  growing economies?   If California wants to make sure that everybody has to be in a union,  let them move to California.   But do you know what? The verdict is already in. They are leaving  California for States like Texas and other places where workers truly  have the ability to choose for themselves.   I believe that we ought to adopt this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, it is interesting to hear this debate  because the very State that the gentleman is from is a right-to-work  State. I find it just amazing. He comes down here and suggests that  somehow Washington, D.C., knows better than his own home State.   Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Weber).    Madam Chair, I just find it amazing that somehow we are  here debating this issue, and he is suggesting that the numbers prove  his point, and they do exactly the opposite.   The fact of the matter is that the reason why unions are failing is  because the workers are going other places because they get a better  benefit.   It is what it is because of what we are seeing on the ground not only  in North Carolina and Texas but in 27 other States. It is more than  half of the country. Yet the gentleman from Michigan over here somehow  says: Well, it is the freeloaders.   I can tell you, Madam Chair, based on his assumption, there are a few  people who pay dues into the Freedom Caucus. Some of the things that we  have supported he has actually benefited from. So should he pay dues to  the Freedom Caucus, based on his assumption?   I think that he would have a problem with that, just like everyone  over here has a problem with forcing people to pay union dues when they  don't want to join the union, and this is the protection for that.   I suggest that we support this amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Chair, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Madam Chair, at least we have found something that the  gentleman from Michigan and I can agree on. What is wrong is wrong, and  that is wrong.   When you look at what the gentleman is trying to propose with his  legislation, and the fact that he is trying to put the will of  Washington, D.C., on States all across this great country, that is  wrong.   Why do we not allow the status quo to continue? Why? Because it is  good for workers. It is good for my State. It is good for South  Carolina. It is good for Texas. It is good for all kinds of States. I  would even say it is good for his State because he is a right-to-work  State.   But do you know what? We have talking points that are prepared by  people who will benefit from this legislation and nothing more. This  does not help the worker.   Madam Chair, I urge the adoption of my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.  [[Page H910]]     Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   