 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the last few weeks, given the  nature of this unprecedented virus, Members of Congress have been able  to come together during divided times to support our country's  response.  [[Page S1823]]    First, we passed an emergency funding bill to bolster our response in  the critical early stages of community spread. Since it was signed into  law nearly 2 weeks ago, it has provided funding for the personal  protective equipment our healthcare professionals rely on and has  supported our community health centers and State and local health  departments. It has also bolstered our resources in the race to develop  a vaccine, possible treatments, and more tests. It has been a strong  start, but we have known all along that it would just be the first  step. As the scope of this virus continues to grow and challenge our  country in new ways, we are working as quickly as possible to respond  in realtime.   As we know, more and more Americans are staying home and practicing a  new term, a new phrase--social distancing. It is one that I really had  not heard of before this virus. While that is a sign of progress in our  fight to slow the spread of the coronavirus, it is handicapping  millions of businesses and workers. As travel plans are abandoned, as  public events are canceled, and as restaurants and shops are closing  their doors or scaling back their operations, many people are losing  their jobs and their livelihoods.   A recent poll found that nearly one in five American households has  experienced a layoff or reduced work hours, and those who work in the  service or hospitality industry are particularly hard hit. Think about  the waiter at your favorite local restaurant, the person who cuts your  hair, the individual who sweeps the aisles after a basketball game, the  housekeeper who cleans rooms at a hotel. They are among the millions of  workers across the country who are trying to survive this new reality.   Here in the Senate, we are working as quickly as possible to support  them. Yesterday, we passed a bill to help individuals and families who  face economic fallout from this outbreak. We improved paid sick leave  for those who have been impacted by the coronavirus, and we have  strengthened our food security for Americans of all ages. We also made  coronavirus testing free for all Americans. No one should be afraid to  get tested because of the cost.   For all of the benefits this legislation will deliver, it will not  address every problem. We knew that it would just be the second step in  a journey of undetermined length. Yet, rather than holding that bill up  and doing nothing, in order to include additional measures we would  like to see, we worked as quickly as possible to put that second phase  into action, and we then moved on to phase 3.   In building on the first two steps we have taken, it is time to make  bold moves to support our economy. We need to be sure it can survive  this pandemic in the short term and thrive in the long term. The  American people are resilient. We have been through national disasters,  like 9/11 and the huge economic meltdown and great recession of 2008,  but in my experience, we have never had anything quite like the  coronavirus pandemic. Yet the American people have always maintained  their good attitudes and worked through these crises and have come out  stronger and better in the end.    As I mentioned, the shift in our daily routines is having a serious  impact on the businesses we are used to supporting every day in our  local communities. Sadly, those small businesses that employ about half  of all U.S. workers are among the hardest hit. Here is the thing. They  bear no responsibility for the economic conditions they find themselves  in. This is something totally beyond our control.   The restaurants, the hardware stores, the salons, the gyms, and the  countless other small businesses that are operated by our neighbors are  facing tough decisions. Over the last couple of days, I have talked  about a number of my constituents, fellow Texans, who are experiencing  hardship--one whose revenue is down about 60 percent, one who is  rotating her employees so each can at least get some work, and one who  is terrified that this could sink the business he has worked on for 25  years.   As we continue working on this third phase of the coronavirus  response and recovery, my top priority is to support these small  business owners and their employees, who have been left with no way to  collect paychecks, no way to provide for their families, and no way to  provide for the necessities of life.   Yesterday, Senate Republicans met with Treasury Secretary Mnuchin and  discussed wide-ranging proposals to provide relief to workers and small  businesses. There is one thing we all agreed on. We need to take  immediate action to put money directly into the hands of these  displaced workers. Work opportunities may be disappearing for some  workers, but the expenses don't go away. People need money to buy  groceries, to pay their bills, and to stay afloat until things  normalize.   There are ongoing discussions about the most efficient and most  effective way to get money into the hands of those who have been the  most negatively impacted, but I want to assure all Texans we are  working as quickly as possible to find the best solution. The  centerpiece of the phase 3 deal will be that of direct aid to American  workers who have been displaced, but it must also include additional  actions to protect the integrity of our healthcare system. As more and  more people are being tested and diagnosed, our hospitals and  healthcare providers are needing additional support so they can  continue to serve patients. We are working to get our healthcare  providers the resources and equipment they need so they can continue  fighting this virus on the frontlines.   I thank the majority leader, Senator McConnell, for publicly  committing to keep the Senate here in session until we pass legislation  that meets these high demands--a decision that I fully support.   While the Senate's work continues, I know many Americans are feeling  some helplessness and uncertainty at a time when the best thing you can  do may be to just stay home. While older Americans face a higher risk  if they come into contact with the virus, every one of us has a role we  can play in beating this virus.   I reiterate remarks made earlier this week by Dr. Deborah Birx, who  is coordinating the White House Coronavirus Task Force. She continues  to stress the importance of millennials--one of the largest generation  cohorts--in saying that this is the core group who will stop this  virus.   We all know young people feel bulletproof and that their lives will  be eternal. Many a time, they don't understand that they are just as  mortal as the rest of us. Because these younger individuals are at a  lower risk of contracting the virus, they think it is fine to continue  with their normal routines as long as they aren't experiencing  symptoms. Yet, if they are infected, they can still transmit the virus  to others, especially to the older, more vulnerable people in their  communities.   Dr. Birx has pointed out that we often talk about the ``greatest  generation,'' which is the World War II generation--people like my mom  and dad and those who answered the call to serve and fought for our  freedoms. Yet now is the time for the younger generation, the  millennials, to answer a different call and take the necessary  precautions to protect that ``greatest generation,'' which is among the  most vulnerable.   I am proud of the fact that, when Texas faces a crisis, whether it be  hurricanes or tornadoes that have devastated our State in recent years,  Texans come together and support one another. The truth is, this is  also how I would describe Americans when they react to an attack,  whether it be 9/11, the great recession of 2008, or now this  coronavirus.   This is not a time for us to engage in business as usual. This is a  time for us to come together in a new and very important but different  way. Stay home, and take this seriously. We will get through this  together.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   