 Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 1558 and ask  it be reported by number.  [[Page S1794]]     Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Blackburn, Senator Cotton, Senator Cruz, Senator Loeffler, and Senator  Perdue be added as cosponsors to my amendment No. 1558 to H.R. 6201.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed and the Senator from Pennsylvania be allowed to finish our  comments before we start the vote.    Madam President, we are facing, with the coronavirus, an  unprecedented situation, certainly in my lifetime. These are  extraordinary times we are living in and trying to live through, and  there is no doubt that extraordinary times require extraordinary  measures.   The good news is that there is a lot of agreement in terms of what we  need to do. We all recognize that Americans and American businesses are  suffering, through no fault of their own, and they need help. We all  want to provide that help. Hopefully, we want to provide that  effectively and efficiently with as few negative, unintended  consequences as possible.   What I would suggest is, this is really no time, though, to follow  Rahm Emanuel's famous dictate that you should never let a crisis go to  waste. From my viewpoint, I think one of the reasons we have had a more  successful economy--certainly far more successful than the economy, the  slow recovery we had out of the 2009 recession--is that this  administration has focused on reducing the regulatory burden. First we  stopped adding to it, and then we actually reduced it. That brought a  fair amount of optimism and animate spirits to our economy because  businesspeople could actually concentrate on their products and their  services rather than looking over their shoulders to find out what new  government regulation was going to cause them to hire a new compliance  officer, increase their cost, and possibly put them out of business.   What I am suggesting is, when we provide that help--and we need to  provide that help to both hard-working American workers as well as  American businesses--that we do it in the most efficient and effective  manner, and we do more good than harm. Now, I would argue that a new  mandate on business is going to do a great deal of economic harm. It  may sound good, but it is not the right way to go.   We will eventually come out of this. We will be recovering from  economic woes. We need to learn the lesson from 2009, where  overregulation hampered our recovery. So let's not add a new mandate. I  know the House bill is only temporary, but temporary becomes permanent  around this place pretty good. As Ronald Reagan once said, the closest  thing to eternal life in our lifetime is a government program.   I will also say that my office has been flooded with businesses  calling in also not believing this is only going to be temporary and  not really having confidence in the Rube Goldberg financing mechanism  for this, again, temporary mandate for paid sick and family leave.   The good news is, there is a better way, and that is what my  amendment does. It creates a temporary emergency Federal unemployment  insurance program sitting on top of what already exists. Rather than  having two or three or more programs trying to provide that funding to  workers for whom we all want to provide that support, we would have  basically a single program, a single method for doing that using State  unemployment offices. They are already set up to do this. With some  slight modifications, they would be able to handle this, and here would  be the slight modifications.  [[Page S1795]]    First of all, our bill waives any waiting periods, but then, we also  reimburse the States for paying unemployment during that waiting  period. We have the exact same eligibility as the House bill. It is  focused on those individuals affected by the coronavirus, the exact  same definition. The benefits are identical as well. We would provide  support. We would plus-up the State unemployment benefits up to two- thirds of employee's wages, not to exceed $1,000 a week.   We also recognize those companies that are willing to voluntarily  offer sick pay and paid family leave by reimbursing them up to that  same level--two-thirds of actual wages, up to $1,000 per week, no more  than $10,000 per employee. They are the exact same benefits as the  House bill. And, of course, we actually make ours temporary.   There will be a great deal of pressure on the part of State  unemployment programs to get out of this as soon as they possibly can.  But they can accept it, accept that Federal help, while they need it.   So our bill sunsets; the earliest would be either at the expiration  of the national declared emergency or on December 31, 2020.   This is a commonsense piece of legislation. It does not saddle small  businesses, American businesses, with a new mandate that they don't  have a great deal of confidence in. It would actually be funded 100  percent by the Federal Government. By the way, the House bill does not  fund this 100 percent. It leaves gaps. And it would definitely be  temporary in utilizing the existing programs in the States that are  sitting on top of it, providing Federal support for the workers who are  going to actually need it as we go through this unprecedented event in  our Nation's history.   With that, I yield the floor to the Senator from Pennsylvania.   