 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act of 2019 or the  MORE Act. This landmark legislation is long overdue. It will  descheudule marijuana, provide expungement for previous offenders,  clarify that those previously convicted of marijuana related offenses  would be eligible for federal benefits, and will establish an excise  tax system on marijuana to invest in communities disproportionately  affected by our failed marijuana policy.   I have been working on this issue since I was first elected to the  Tennessee General Assembly in 1982. In this Congress, I have sponsored  the CARERS Act to provide legal certainty for those using medicinal  marijuana allowed under state law and the Fresh Start Act which  provides a pathway for expungement for these types of offenses.   The history of marijuana as a Schedule-I drug is one full of bias and  discrimination. This policy has served its racist purposes, targeting  communities of color and disproportionately incarcerating people of  color.   The War on Drugs has been a resounding failure, especially regarding  cannabis. About 700,000 Americans each year are arrested for cannabis  related offenses. Despite similar usage rates, there are nearly four  Black Americans arrested for a cannabis-related offense for every white  American. In my district, the situation is even worse. According to a  2013 ACLU study, in Shelby County, 83.2 percent of people arrested for  cannabis offenses were Black, which the report cited as one of the  highest county-level statistics in the nation. These arrests and  convictions have long term impacts. Those with criminal records are  limited from receiving federal benefits including SNAP, housing  benefits, and Pell Grants. Our policy is exactly backward. We should be  supporting those susceptible to substance abuse, not punishing them.   This bill rights an historic wrong and invests in the communities  most harmed. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill. I  thank Chairman Nadler for his leadership on this important issue.   