 Mr. President, 2 weeks ago, I stood in this same position  and gave remarks to my colleagues about the importance of, even though  we can't do everything, that we do something. It seems to be too often  that the way the Senate has operated is that unless we can do  everything everyone wants, we do nothing. I encouraged us to try to  figure out what it is we can agree on and address that legislatively  and save the issues we don't agree on for later.   The challenge that I presented was the circumstance of the  consequences of COVID-19, the difficulties that Americans--Kansans--are  facing, and the importance of our completing our work in regard to an  additional response to try to help the economy and to make sure people  are healthy and know that they are healthy.   We seem to be making progress in regard to that desire to address the  needs of Americans. While my complaint or concern 2 weeks ago was ``we  don't have to do everything, we can do something,'' it appears that we  are going to do something, which is really important.   Now, I would raise the issue of timing. It is very discouraging to me  to return to Washington, DC, to learn that the continuing resolution,  which expires on Friday, is to be extended until next Friday at a time  in which Americans have little ability to wait, at least, to know what  they are going to be able to expect.   Small businesses, individuals, employees, employers all need the  certainty, and every day that we are unable to accomplish what we can  agree on is another day in which those Americans, those workers, those  businessowners don't know what they face. Christmas ought to be a time,  the holiday season ought to be a time for expectations and joy and  comfort, and yet what we are doing here by this continued delay is  creating uncertainty which creates great challenges.   The mental health and well-being of Kansans and Americans is at stake  here. Again, my guess is that whatever we could agree on next week, we  could agree on this week, so I would encourage my colleagues and me to  redouble our efforts, not only to do what we can do, but to do it in a  timely enough fashion that people get the benefit.   I think of those who work in hospitals in Kansas, those who care for  people who are suffering from the symptoms of COVID. We need to make  certain that we provide them the necessary personal protection  equipment; that we need to have the necessary testing; that every  hospital, every clinic, every doctor has the resources necessary to  care for those who are ill today. That is something that can't wait.   When it comes to the economy, too many businesses, retail  establishments, motels, restaurants, venues, theaters, the uncertainty  that we are creating that every day goes by in which they don't know  whether Congress is going to respond to their needs is a day in which  we may lose another business, we may lose another person's employment.   The request is that we move more quickly than what we have done to  date now, that we seem to be zeroing in on a compromise agreement, a  bipartisan agreement. That is a piece of good news, but every day that  we delay the outcome, the vote, the support the American people and  Kansans need is a day in which more harm is done. It is a time in which  uncertainty exists. While we continue to have our debates and  discussions, that uncertainty is creating not only economic problems  but potentially loss of life as well.   This place is slow to respond, and I would encourage us to be quicker  in our response than what we have been to date. People are struggling,  and they need our help.   I also would say that too many Kansans have died--people that I have  known--have died from COVID. This is a very damaging disease. I would  encourage Kansans and Americans to do the personally responsible things  and protect themselves, to wear the masks, to socially distance. We  cannot afford another shutdown.   Every day that goes by in which we are not providing the  opportunities for businesses to stay open and employees to be employed,  particularly in rural America--the places, Mr. President, that you and  I come from--if we lose a business to COVID, that business is unlikely  to return. If we don't provide the necessary support for hospitals and  healthcare delivery systems--there isn't a hospital in Kansas, if it  closes its doors today because of COVID, is going to open tomorrow when  COVID is behind us.   The deaths that I mentioned, in many instances, have been the  community leaders, the people who have made a difference in communities  across Kansas. Every life has value, and every life has meaning. We  want this death to end   For purposes of our economy and purposes of life and death, it is  time for the U.S. Senate to act--not another week delay, not another 2  weeks of unknowing--but let's reach our conclusion, let's come together  and find solutions and provide hope to my constituents in Kansas, yours  in Arkansas, and the people of America.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   