 Mr. President, when people talk about this body being  fundamentally broken under Republican leadership, this is exhibit A.  This is exhibit A.   This body has had 2 months to consider legislation that would stand  up a national effort to squash this pandemic once and for all and to  make sure that people don't die, don't go hungry, don't get pushed out  into the street at a moment when unemployment is higher than at any  time in this country's history since the Great Depression.   We didn't consider any legislation for all of the last work period.  We went on recess for 2 weeks. Now we are 3 days before unemployment  benefits expire--the additional unemployment benefits--and we are now  getting the introduction of what appears to be a dozen different pieces  of legislation from Senate Republicans tonight.   We still don't have the details, but it looks as though there is not  one bill being introduced but that there are about 13 bills being  introduced. We don't have enough time before the expiration of  unemployment benefits to negotiate 1 bill--1 bill--never mind 7 or 10.   We wasted months of time when Democrats and Republicans should have  been talking together. Instead, Senate Republicans were talking amongst  themselves and have now waited until the zero hour to come out with a  piece of legislation which calls for a $400-per-week cut in  unemployment benefits for people who are out of work.   That is the economic stimulus plan: a $400-per-week cut for families  in this country who have been relying on unemployment benefits because  the economy is not coming back.   But I come to this floor tonight to tell you why the economy is not  coming back. It is not because we haven't appropriated enough money. It  is because we are losing the fight against the virus. In 15 days, this  country has gone from 3 million cases to 4 million cases, and there is  not enough funding in these proposals that were just outlined in order  to help States beat the virus.   We are, once again, experiencing a PPE shortage in this Nation.  Doctors at Memorial City Medical Center in Houston are using single-use  N95 respirator masks for 15 days before throwing them out.   Schools are, right now, planning to spend $25 billion in order to buy  masks and cleaning supplies that are escalating in cost.   There is nowhere close to enough money in this legislation to help  schools get ready. There is nothing in this bill that requires the  operationalization of the Defense Production Act to make sure that we  are producing enough PPE in this country.   There are still States in this Nation that are refusing to open up  the health insurance systems so more people can get access to health  insurance. There is nothing in these proposals to require open  enrollment periods in States, to make sure that everyone who is  contracting this virus has the chance to get health insurance.   The reality is that the States are the ones on the frontlines,  standing up these responses. My State has done pretty well, but we are  going bankrupt in the process. From what I can tell, listening to these  speeches tonight, there is nothing significant in this package of bills  to help States like mine stand up responses.   So I grieve for families who are going to listen to the news tonight  and hear that Senate Republicans' stimulus plan is to cut their  unemployment benefits by $400 per week. I also grieve for this Nation,  knowing that nothing in these proposals is significant enough to allow  States and hospitals and healthcare systems to turn around this  damaging trajectory on the virus, to produce enough PPE necessary to do  the job, and to fix the dangerously broken testing system in this  country.   I plead for my Republican colleagues to finally come to the table  with Democrats in the House and the Senate so we can craft something  together that does the job for families and does the job to fix this  very, very broken healthcare system amidst an advancing pandemic.   