 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and all who worked on  this bill.   Mr. Speaker, as someone who grew up on the Olympic Peninsula, I  learned how important protecting our parks and our public lands is to  driving tourism and growing jobs and supporting rural economies.   This is a big day. Permanently funding the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, providing dedicated funding to make much-needed  repairs at Olympic National Park and throughout our park system, this  is progress for ensuring that these natural assets can continue to  provide amazing visitor experiences and serve as economic drivers for  rural communities that need these jobs and need these opportunities for  future generations.   This is a day to also celebrate the extraordinary coalition of  environmental groups, outdoor economy groups, and local civic leaders  that got involved to move this bill forward today.   I am grateful for all who worked on this. I am proud to be a  supporter of this bill, and I am encouraging all of my colleagues to  vote ``yes'' today.    Madam Speaker, when you meet your hero and they turn out  even more amazing than you expected, it is really cool. That was my  experience getting to work with John Lewis. In fact, sometimes when he  spoke in Caucus, I would find myself texting a colleague, saying: You  work with John Lewis.   The last time many of us heard his voice was early this summer on a  Caucus conference call. He spoke up and said that he was sad because he  was reminded that we weren't as far on the path to justice as any of us  want our country to be. But then he said he was hopeful because people,  and particularly young people, were speaking up, standing up, and  working for change.   In 2019, I brought one young person, my daughter, Sophie, to Selma,  Alabama. We crossed Edmund Pettus Bridge with him. We listened to his  stories. He was so kind to her and so patient with her questions. At  the end of the trip, Sophie approached him at the airport, and she  thanked him.   She said: I have one more question.   He said: Go ahead.   And she said: Were you ever scared?   And he said to her: You know, I was scared. But I knew I was doing  the right thing, and I knew there were others who were depending on me  standing up for them, too.   He stood up for so many for so long. One of the honors of my life was  to get to serve with this extraordinary man, even watching him preside  over the House as we passed a new Voting Rights Act.   His legacy of peace and love, of fighting for justice, fighting for  voting rights, and of causing good trouble will live on.   Rest in peace and rest in power, Mr. Lewis.   