 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman and the leaders on the  Democrat side.   Since 2017, the CCP has systemically targeted and rounded up over a  million people comprised of Uyghurs and other East Turkic minorities  and put them in concentration camps where they were subject to inhumane  living conditions, forced cultural brainwashing, rape, and torture.   Just this week, the CCP released a white paper regarding its  detention of Uyghurs. They admitted to incarcerating up to 1.3 million  Uyghurs per year from 2014 to 2019. That is up to 8 million innocent  people in prison, brainwashed, tortured, raped, in their so-called  reeducation, which are really concentration camps. If they will admit  to that, how many more are there really that have been interned?   The Chinese State is not only complicit but responsible for activity  supporting the genocidal campaign targeting vulnerable populations  based on everything from religious beliefs, their language, their  hairstyle and even their diet. This is not even to mention the horrific  practices of forced sterilization and ``marriages'' to Han Chinese men.   Many of these people have now been forced into manufacturing jobs  under harsh conditions, which we have heard--Mr. Smith and Chairman  McCaul have pointed out--these products benefitting from forced labor  have found their ways into our supply chains through major brands and  corporations as it becomes increasingly difficult for companies to  conduct due diligence investigations in China.   Further, we must recognize that the Chinese diplomatic presence  globally is also engaged in this effort. A wealth of evidence is  available to suggest that Chinese embassies and consulates around the  world are actively seeking to force Chinese Uyghurs to return to  mainland China, often to renew their passports, only to be abducted  immediately and sent to one of the camps.   As Members of Congress, we have a moral obligation to ensure that the  state-sponsored campaign of ethnic cleansing and forced labor-- reminiscent of the concentration camps of the Nazi regime, when we  swore as a world community, ``never again''--are shut down and punished  to the full extent of U.S. and international law.   The business community of America also has a moral obligation, from  manufacturing to Hollywood, to not appease China in the name of profit.   Madam Speaker, as an original cosponsor of this bill, I support its  passage in the House and encourage its timely consideration in the  Senate.    Madam Speaker, I would like to commend Chairmen McCaul,  Engel, and my colleague Mr. Castro for bringing up this strong  bipartisan bill.   Human trafficking is an issue which is still alive and well today,  unfortunately. It is modern-day slavery.   The International Labour Organization estimates that there are 40.3  million victims of human trafficking worldwide today. The global human  trafficking market is estimated to be a $150 billion per year industry,  and I hate to call it an industry. The profits from these nefarious and  heinous acts only go to fund corrupt governments and organizations to  rain more terror, pain, organ harvesting, and suffering on the world's  most vulnerable populations.   As of 2020, the Counter Trafficking Data Collaborative shows globally  108,613 individual cases of human trafficking; 164 countries of  exploitation; and 175 nationalities.   The LIFT Act will ensure adequate time for preparation of the State  Department's annual Trafficking in Persons Report. It will also require  timely provisions on information to the State Department on the number  and location of visa denials based wholly or partially on grounds  related to human trafficking.   One of the greatest challenges in developing targeted counter-traffic  responses and measuring their impact is the lack of reliable, high- quality data related to the scale of human trafficking and the profile  of the victims.   The LIFT Act will help to provide this global data on human  trafficking through its insurance of thorough preparation of the State  Department's Trafficking in Persons Report. In these times of hyper- partisanship, combating human trafficking is a worldwide scourge on  societies that we should, we can, and we do tackle in a bipartisan  fashion here.   In order to combat human trafficking, we must all continue to work  together.   I will, and I encourage all others to support the LIFT Act.   