 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, tomorrow I will do something I have never  done in my time in the House and Senate. I will vote for a trade  agreement for the first time in my career. I am voting for that trade  agreement because of the work my colleague from Oregon Senator Wyden  and I did to fix President Trump's deal and secure new protections for  American workers for the first time ever, in spite of the President's  intransigence, in spite of the President's lining up, as he always  does, with corporate interests.   Our trade agreement, for the first time ever--ever--put workers at  the center of this agreement. Every trade agreement I have seen in my  time in Congress--the North American Free Trade Agreement, the Central  America Free Trade Agreement, the trade agreements with Colombia, South  Korea, and Panama, the permanent normal trade relation with China--one  after another, every one of these trade agreements, every one of these  trade actions were written fundamentally in secret by corporate  interests to serve corporate interests. Workers were never at the  center of these trade agreements.   One of my proudest votes in the House was against the North American  Free Trade Agreement. I have voted no ever since. Again, it is because  all of these trade agreements were written by corporations to maximize  profits and compensation for executives and to enrich stockholders,  always at the expense of workers and at the expense of communities like  Mansfield, Portsmouth, Toledo, and Youngstown, OH.   I was talking to a friend of mine in Trumbull County, former Senator  Cafaro. She knows what has happened with these trade agreements. We all  know how they undermine communities and hurt workers, always, again,  because these trade agreements were written by corporations in secret.   We have watched the spread of the corporate business model because of  NAFTA and these trade agreements and because of the Trump tax policies,  where you pay a lower tax rate if you  [[Page S227]]  move overseas than you pay in the United States, and in spite of, in  those days, Ranking Member Wyden's efforts to stop those kinds of tax  breaks that go to the richest people in the country.   With those business models, you shut down production in Lima or in  Zanesville or in Cleveland, OH. You get a tax break, you move overseas,  and then you sell your products back in the United States. That has  been the business model based on our trade policy for years.   Candidate Trump promised something different. He promised to  renegotiate NAFTA. The problem is, when he put his agreement in front  of us, it was the same old, same old. They were the same old economic  policies that, again, put corporate interests in the center of this  trade agreement. It was a trade policy that was like all of our trade  policies in the past.   Over and over again, this President has betrayed workers, from tax  giveaways to corporations, to his judges who put their thumbs on the  scale, always supporting corporate interests and putting corporations  over workers and always supporting Wall Street over consumers.   As we know, down the hall, where Senator McConnell's office is-- almost every day he walks down here to try to confirm far-right  extremist judges, always young judges who do that same thing: put their  thumb on the scales of justice, always supporting corporations over  workers.   As I said, last year, we got an initial draft of President Trump's  agreement. It was another betrayal. His first NAFTA draft was nowhere  near the good deal that the President promised. He had negotiated, pure  and simple, another corporate trade deal. It meant nothing for workers,  and it was a sellout to drug companies. In fact, the White House looks  like a retreat for Wall Street executives, except on Tuesdays and  Fridays, when the White House looks like a retreat for drug company  executives.   It took us--Senator Wyden and Speaker Pelosi and unions--months and  months and months working together to improve this deal. The President  resisted and resisted and resisted, but we finally approved a deal to  put workers at the center of our trade policy.   We have a provision that Senator Wyden and I will talk about that  says violence against workers is a violation of the agreement. It might  sound obvious, but it has never been in a trade deal before. For the  first time ever, we spell out workers' right to strike. Again, it  should be obvious, but it was never included before.   If the workers don't have that right to strike--not something workers  want to do very often, if ever. My wife, whose dad was a utility worker  in the union for 35 years, talks about growing up. They went on strike  twice when she was a kid. Workers never really recover from a strike,  but sometimes they have to. It needs to be in trade agreements to make  sure workers' rights are protected.   We have improved some of the legalese that, since the beginning, has  been included in our trade agreements to make it nearly impossible to  win a case when a country violates its labor commitments.   Most importantly, we secured our Brown-Wyden provision that amounts  to the strongest ever labor enforcement--ever--in a U.S. trade deal.  The provision Senator Wyden and I wrote and fought for is the first  improvement to enforcing the labor standards in our trade agreements  since we have been negotiating them.   We know why companies close factories in Ohio, in Oregon, and open  them in Mexico. They pay lower wages, and they take advantage of  workers who don't have rights. They have weaker and nonexistent  environmental laws.   American workers can't compete when companies move overseas and  exploit low-wage workers. We essentially get a race to the bottom on  wages. The only way to stop this is by raising labor standards in every  country we buy and sell to and in every country with which we trade and  export and import, raising labor standards, making sure those standards  are actually enforced.   If corporations are forced to pay workers a living wage and treat  them with dignity and really honor the dignity of work no matter where  those workers are located, then we take away the incentives to move  jobs overseas.   Think about this. The missions of companies in the United States  state--it is sort of the business practice of shutting down production  in Niles, OH, and moving it overseas. They will be less likely to do  that if the workers overseas are paid decent wages. Then those workers  will be able to buy our products because they are more likely to be in  the middle class.   That is what Brown-Wyden is all about. It is a completely new way of  holding corporations accountable. A worker in Mexico will be able to  report if a company violated their rights. Within months, we can  determine whether workers' rights have been violated, and we take  action against that company.   We apply punitive damages when companies cheat, break the law, stop  workers from organizing, and if they keep doing it, the final strong  enforcement is we stop their goods from coming into the United States.  In essence, we say: OK. You are cheating. You are breaking the law. You  are violating your workers' rights. You are not going to have access to  the U.S. market. That is enforcement.   When Mexican workers have the power to form real unions and negotiate  for higher wages, it helps our workers. Mexican workers right now can  be paid as little as $6.50 a day. The minimum wage per hour in our  country--in Tennessee, Oregon, and Ohio--is higher than that. This is  $6.50 a day. We have been asking American workers to compete with that.   We have already heard some critics say Brown-Wyden will force Mexican  wages to rise. I know a lot of CEOs who make $7 million, $8 million  year who want to keep wages low in other countries. They accuse us of  forcing Mexican wages to rise. That is kind of the point. That is what  we want to do because it takes away incentives for those CEOs--those $7  million, $8 million, $9 million-a-year CEOs in America--from looking  abroad to hire cheap labor and to exploit workers and make more money  for themselves.   I want to especially thank Senator Wyden and his staff. Without his  endorsing the proposal and without his pushing aggressively, we would  not be here.   I want to be clear, though. We will be straight with American  workers. It is not a perfect agreement. One trade deal that the  Democrats fixed, over the President's opposition, is not going to bring  back auto plants like the President promises.    I have real concerns that the auto rules of origin are much weaker  than the administration says they are. We know the administration  always exaggerates its successes and doesn't tell the truth about many  of the things it does.   We know that this trade agreement was a corporate trade agreement and  not a worker trade agreement. Now workers are at the center. We will be  watching the President. He needs to ensure companies actually comply  with these rules. I will demand we strengthen them if we need to.   One trade deal the Democrats fixed also will not undo the rest of  President Trump's economic policies. It is a policy that, as I said,  put corporations over workers. We haven't raised the minimum wage  because the President is opposed. The President took overtime pay away  from 50,000 Ohioans by changing the rule on how overtime is paid. This  deal is not going to fix all that.   This USMCA is not going to stop outsourcing when we have President  Trump's tax plan that gives companies a tax break to send jobs  overseas.   I am going to keep fighting President Trump's corporate trade  policies and tax policy, just as we did with this agreement. We have  more work to do to make our trade agreements more pro-worker.   I will vote yes. As I said at the outset, I will vote yes for the  first time ever on a trade agreement because, by including Brown-Wyden,  Democrats have taken another corporate trade deal brought to us by  President Trump and Democrats have made this agreement much more pro- worker. As the Senator from Oregon knows, we have set an important  precedent that Brown-Wyden will be included--must  [[Page S228]]  be included--in every future trade agreement.    I thank Senator Wyden. I thank him for his help in putting  this all together.   Not even close. We have seen trade agreement after trade agreement  that simply is not--even when labor standards look fairly strong, they  are not ever really enforceable. Part of what we recognized--we went  back and looked at what happened after NAFTA was passed, and not just  what people promised but what happened with NAFTA and what happened  with CAFTA. We have seen that, with any attempts at labor enforcement,  the companies or the governments that don't want to enforce labor laws  find a way, as lawyers are very good at doing, of just taking forever.  They slow-walk. So whenever you push them to do something, they end up  staying in court.   There was a Central American case in Guatemala, I believe, that went  on for 7 or 8 years. You know the old saying: Justice delayed is  justice denied. You can't really get enforcement if the people who have  done the violation, who have committed the violation, take forever.   So speed is one of the things. Mr. Wyden mentioned at the outset how  important that is. Another part of it is and one of the things we knew  would speed it up, No. 1, and would mean that enforcement would work  was that the workers would have an ability to kick off the  investigation, to literally call a toll-free number. They can register  that they have seen child labor violations; that they have seen workers  attacked, violence aimed against workers; that they have seen wages  denied for all kinds of illegal reasons. So workers can speak out and  band together and go to a panel and get quick action.   If a company keeps doing it--we found cases where a company would get  a little slap on the wrist. They would do it again and get a slap on  the wrist and then do it again. So what we did was we increased the  penalties. The first time, they get fined. The fine is proportional to  the violation, so it is not a huge penalty. The second time, it is  more. The third time, we can deny that company NAFTA benefits if they  sell in the United States.   Essentially, if you break the law, if you attack workers, if you keep  out the union illegally, if you deny pay to workers who have earned it,  you are going to see your market dry up in the United States. That is  the best incentive to stop. We literally keep the product out of the  market, out of the United States, if you are a serial cheater and a  company that does that to its workers.     Yes. Whether it is a call center or an auto factory, if  the violations occur and there is evidence that there are violations-- and in many cases, we know about them because workers have spoken out-- then inspectors can go into those factories.   One of the outcomes of this: We know corporations don't want that  kind of punishment. We know corporations don't want to see inspectors  there looking at their businesses because there have been legitimate,  reasonable accusations of lawbreaking. So that is going to mean that  corporations will probably quit breaking the law.   Those corporations that have decided to move to Mexico because it is  easy to evade labor laws and they can pay low wages, when they see we  mean business, when they see the USMCA--Senator Wyden and I took an  agreement that was another corporate trade agreement handed down by  President Trump and fixed it, so it has these strong labor provisions.  When they see that we mean business, that we are going to enforce these  labor laws, and that we are going to pass an agreement that works for  workers, some companies are going to think twice about shutting down  production in Youngstown, Marietta, Toledo, or Dayton and moving  overseas. That is part of the goal of this enforcement too.    First let me talk for a second about a sector that is very  important in my part of the country: the auto sector. If a company  cheats in an auto facility in a Mexican community and we find labor  violations and we take action against that company, the action is not  against just that company's facility in that community. If a company  cheats its workers and has broken the law on any number of labor  violations, that applies to any product that company ultimately sends  in from any one of its factories in Mexico. It addresses sort of the  Whac-A-Mole kind of attempts companies might have: Well, they cheat  there, but they bring in products from somewhere else.   We look at that in a pretty broad way. Fundamentally, it works this  [[Page S229]]  way: If we find a violation, first, there is a fine, and the fine is  essentially proportionate to the violation, meaning that it is not as  punitive. The first offense is not especially punitive. The second and  the third offense get more serious. For the second offense, the fine is  much greater--beyond proportionality, if you will. The third offense is  when we step in and deny them NAFTA benefits, deny them access to our  markets, and deny them the breaks they get under NAFTA at the border on  the tariffs. So if it is a violation of labor law, by the third  violation, the enforcement and the penalties are such that the  companies are going to quit doing it.   I mean, that is the whole point. I don't want to levy these fines. I  want companies to obey the labor law that the Mexican Government has  passed in their new labor law and that are under the NAFTA agreement.    Correct, from that factory and also from other factories  owned by the same automaker, so that you can't cheat one place and  expect to get all your autos into the United States without tariffs.   We thought a lot about this. Over the last 20 years, we looked at  what has happened. We looked back over the last couple of decades,  working with the very good Democratic staff of the Finance Committee  and with our office, and found every possible example we could on how  violations occur and how you stop those violations. So we built in a  process. It is pretty complicated, and it took a while.   As I said, the President handed down another corporate trade  agreement that helps corporations at the expense of workers, and we  weren't going to let that happen this time. That is why the Trump USMCA  took a long time to pass--because for a whole year, they were resistant  to good labor enforcement. They wanted to help their corporate buddies.   Senator Wyden will remember that there was a provision in there to  help the drug companies, a big giveaway to the drug companies. We said  no to that. Speaker Pelosi said no to that. We stripped that out of the  agreement. We wanted this agreement to center on workers--not to help  the drug companies, not to help Wall Street, not to help and encourage  those companies that outsource jobs.    I saw this when Senator Wyden and I announced the success  of getting Brown-Wyden into the bill. I heard from a lot of--shall we  say--pro-Trump, pro-corporate lawmakers in this body, mostly on that  side of the aisle but all over. They were pretty angry because they  thought this was going to be another trade agreement--USMCA was going  to be another trade agreement written by corporations, mostly written  in secret, that will serve corporate interests, that will pad the  bottom line, that will help million-dollar-a-year executives make  multimillion dollars a year, that will help their major stockholders  and will ignore workers.   They were fine with that because that is too often what this body  does. They found that--oh, my gosh--this trade agreement actually puts  workers at the center. That was, I know, your goal and my goal. That is  why people at your town meetings in Eugene and Portland and Bend and  all over Oregon are going to hear from you about how this will help the  middle class, fundamentally.   I appreciate the time.    Mr. President, I rise to honor a dedicated public servant  whom we tragically lost last week, Chris Allen.   Chris served in the Senate for nearly a decade, most recently on  Senator Grassley's staff. I appreciate that Senator Grassley happens to  be presiding right now as the President pro tem of the Senate. Chris  was a leader in our efforts to solve the pension crisis that threatens  the retirement security of more than a million Americans, including a  number of people in the Galleries today.   My staff and I got to know him well while working together to find a  bipartisan solution. He was part of what we consider to be a sort of  pensions family in the Senate. We didn't always agree, but Chris always  understood the stakes. He took this crisis seriously. He knew it  affected people's lives in the most central way. He understood what  collective bargaining was about--meaning, you give money up today in  wages to protect your future. He was committed to finding a solution.  Most importantly, as Senator Grassley knows, he always treated the  retirees with dignity, and he respected their work. He understood what  this retirement crisis meant to those families and the pressures they  were under.   In 2018, when we worked together with him and Senator Grassley's  staff and Chairman Hatch and Senator Portman on our bipartisan pensions  committee, we held a field hearing in Columbus in order to hear  directly from current workers, retirees, and small businesses. Chris  came to Ohio for the entire field hearing. He didn't have to, and a lot  of staff members didn't. Yet he understood how important it was to talk  to the people whose livelihoods were at stake in this crisis.   Workers and retirees came from all over Ohio. Companies that had  often been in business for 100 years came from all over the region for  that hearing. We had a 25,000-person rally outside the Ohio State  Capitol. I would add again that a number of people in the Galleries  today were at that rally. Our staff was a little nervous about how  Chris might react when he saw that, for his boss had had some  disagreements with these folks in the best way to find a solution. Yet  Chris just looked at that sea of people and said: ``That's cool.''   That empathy was a part of who he was. He was responsive. He was kind  and thoughtful. He embodied the decorum of what the Senate should be.  He wasn't interested in partisan warfare. At a time when too many  people retreat to their partisan corners, that was not Chris Allen.  That spirit of cooperation and of mutual respect will be missed more  than ever. He was dedicated to his work. He was dedicated to the people  whom our work affects.   He would meet for hours and do whatever it took to work toward a  solution. The only thing he stopped for was his family. Chris was a  devoted father to his two daughters, Lucie and Sophie. Connie's and my  hearts go out to them and to Lynda, Chris' wife. I know nothing we can  say could erase the pain of the sudden death of a father and a husband  so young. I hope they take some comfort in knowing how many lives,  starting with Senator Grassley's, Chris touched. We miss him. We will  continue to fight for a bipartisan solution that honors Chris' memory  and protects the pensions that American workers have earned over a  lifetime of work.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Washington State.   