 Madam President, I thank the Democratic whip for yielding  time. I will be short here.   We are in a pretty good place in this country right now when it comes  to energy. Our energy supply is abundant, and energy prices are  generally affordable. We can't afford to become complacent. We are in a  good place right now because of American innovation, because President  Trump, working with our Republican majority in the Congress, took steps  to expand our domestic energy supply and to lessen our dependence upon  foreign oil.   If we want to keep American energy affordable and abundant, we need  to make sure we stay on the cutting edge of energy innovation and  continue to invest in our domestic energy supply, from oil and natural  gas to renewable energy sources like hydropower and wind. We also need  to make sure we stay on top of threats to our energy grid and our  energy security.   Our colleagues at the Energy and Natural Resources Committee have  spent a lot of time over the past months working on these issues, and  yesterday we voted to move forward on bipartisan energy legislation put  forward by Energy and Natural Resources Committee Chairman Lisa  Murkowski and Ranking Member Joe Manchin. The bill they put together,  the American Energy Innovation Act, contains measures from more than 60  Senators focused on energy innovation--particularly, clean energy  innovation--workplace development, and the security of our energy grid.   The American Energy Innovation Act invests in a wide range of clean  energy technologies, from wind and solar to hydropower and geothermal.  It also focuses on improving energy storage. Many modern clean energy  technologies are intermittent or lack the reliability of traditional  electric sources. The amount of energy produced from wind, for example,  is dependent on the amount of wind on any given day. So it must be  backed up by a traditional plant, often powered by natural gas.   Creating new ways to store clean energy will allow us to increase our  reliance on renewable energy sources. The American Energy Innovation  Act also focuses on improving research into carbon capture, and it  directs the establishment of a research and development program to  identify ways to use captured carbon.   The bill also invests in advanced nuclear energy research so that we  can regain our edge in the use of this clean energy technology.   I plan to introduce amendments to the legislation to review where we  can boost hydropower in the Upper Missouri River Basin and to develop  ways to recycle the windmill blades used in wind energy generation.   Nearly half of the electricity generated in South Dakota is from  hydroelectric, and we should explore building off of these investments  through repowering existing dams and adding power generation to those  without.   In addition to clean energy and innovation, the Energy and Natural  Resources Committee's legislation focuses on boosting the security of  our electric grid. Our electric grid is the subject of a steady stream  of cyber attacks, some of which could have devastating consequences. It  is not hard to imagine the deadly results of prolonged traffic signal  outages or long-term power outages at hospitals or fire stations. That  is why the American Energy Innovation Act invests in cyber security and  grid modernization.   The act also focuses on improving our domestic supply of some of the  key elements and minerals that we rely on for manufacturing everything  from computer chips to batteries, to defense applications. Right now we  have to import too much--too much--of these critical minerals from  countries like China. For the sake of our national security, it is  important that we find ways to identify supplies of these minerals here  at home.   Finally, the American Energy Innovation Act invests in workforce  development. All the innovative technologies in the world will not help  us if we don't have the skilled workers to operate and maintain these  technologies. We need to ensure that, while we are investing in  innovation, we are also investing in the energy workforce of the  future.   This legislation would help ensure that we maintain our energy  independence for the long term. It will boost the security of our  electric grid, strengthen our national security, and invest in American  workers. It will help pave the way for a clean energy future.   This is a good bill, and I hope that my colleagues will support it  and not derail this legislation with partisan amendments. I know many  of my colleagues across the aisle have a keen interest in adding  certain energy tax provisions to this bill. I will remind them,  however, that last summer the Senate Finance Committee created a number  of task forces to examine expiring and expired tax policies. I co-led  the Energy Task Force along with the senior Senator from Michigan, and  many of the energy tax items that we reviewed were included in the  year-end bill in December. Others were not yet ready for prime time.   I am eager to continue to work with my colleagues on advancing  American energy innovation, as this bill will do, but we have to be  realistic about the fact that a number of the energy tax proposals in  question are not yet ready for implementation and need to be considered  in the context of other reforms and corrections to the Tax Code.   As I said, I hope debate over tax provisions or other amendments will  not delay passage of this important bipartisan legislation, and I look  forward to working with colleagues of both parties to advance this bill  and to help secure America's energy future.   I yield the floor.   