 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3094, offered by our  colleague from Florida (Mr. Soto).   A little over 4 years ago, on June 12, 2016, the Pulse nightclub in  Orlando, Florida, became the scene of the worst terrorist attack on  American soil since September 11, 2001.   Forty-nine Americans died and 53 were injured that terrible night at  the hands of an ISIS-inspired coward who turned on the very country  where his parents had sought refuge from the violence in Afghanistan.  Instead of gratitude, he unleashed hatred and violence upon this  country that had sheltered his family and made it possible for him to  be born into a land of freedom and opportunity.   The poisonous political ideology that infected and animated him in  his attack--and to which he pledged allegiance just before the attack-- is a familiar nemesis to the founding principles of our country.  [[Page H2545]]    This craven and wanton attack reminds us of the threats of Islamic  extremism both at home and abroad: that they are real, that they are  malignant, and that they are deadly.   In the aftermath of this terrible attack on the patrons of the Pulse  nightclub, its owner established a nonprofit called the onePULSE  Foundation to memorialize those who died in this mass murder, known  simply as ``the 49.'' The foundation worked quickly to establish a  memorial in Orlando, but recently began working with Orlando's mayor to  launch a design competition for a permanent memorial and museum slated  to open in 2022.   This bill would redesignate the Pulse Memorial in Orlando as the  National Pulse Memorial. The bill makes clear that this memorial will  not be a unit of the national park system, and a designation as a  national memorial does not require any Federal funds to be expended.   The House's action on this bill today complements the United States  Senate's resolution passed on June 11 of this year honoring the victims  of this outrage, as well as the State of Florida's designation of June  12 as Pulse Remembrance Day.   I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers on our  side, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I would inquire if the gentleman is  ready to close.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I again want to commend Mr. Soto on this bill.   In closing, it is important to note that the attack that we remember  with this legislation was directed against all Americans, not just the  patrons of the nightclub that night. The killer made this abundantly  and chillingly clear. He declared himself an ``Islamic soldier'' and  declared his allegiance and obedience to the terrorist leader, Abu Bakr  al-Baghdadi. This was an attack motivated by hate, hatred against our  country, hatred against all that our country stands for.   I think we can take some solace in knowing that Americans today  retain their right to defend themselves against such attacks, that such  terrorist attacks like this should remind us how important our Second  Amendment rights remain today.   We can also take solace from the fact that al-Baghdadi, the  inspiration for this terrorist attack, was hunted down and brought to  justice in October last year by American Delta Force commandos, as he  shielded himself with children, who he killed when he detonated a  suicide vest rather than to be taken prisoner.   Madam Speaker, in memory of the 49 Americans killed by this terrorist  attack, I ask for an ``aye'' vote in this House today.   I yield back the balance of my time.   