 Mr. President, the timing has worked out pretty well. It  is great to be able to speak on this piece of legislation after my  friend the Senator from Tennessee has just completed speaking.   We were hearing some, I think, classic legislating coming from  Senator Alexander. He was very generous in his compliments to Senator  Manchin, to me, to Senator Portman, to Senator Daines, and to Senator  Gardner, but we all know that we wouldn't be here on the cusp of  passing the most significant piece of environmental outdoor lands  legislation in a generation or, for that matter, in 50 years if it  hadn't been for the leadership of Senator Alexander from Tennessee.   So many of us who have had an opportunity to work with him and become  friends with him over his years in the Senate have tried to emulate him  at times and listen to him all the time. He is a Senator I wish we had  more of in this Senate, who says more often than not: Let's not worry  about who gets the credit; let's just see if we can get some things  done.   There were two pieces of legislation that had to come together. There  was the challenge of getting the administration in, the challenge that  we had, at one point, too many Democrats and maybe not enough  Republicans, and it was Senator Alexander who kind of guided us through  this--at least from the parks side--3-year journey.   I just want to publicly acknowledge his enormous leadership on this  piece of legislation, thank him for his friendship, and thank him for  the great work that he has done garnering, as well, the over 800-plus  environmental groups that have come to support this legislation. I know  that my friend the Senator from Tennessee is not going to stand for  reelection, and I know he will have many, many legacy items from his  tenure in the Senate, but I believe this Great American Outdoors Act  will rank in the top three or top five of his legislative  accomplishments in that kind of quiet ``Let's not worry about whose  name is first on the bill, but let's just get it done'' way that is  playing out this week, as we saw last night with a remarkable,  remarkable 84 votes.   It may not end up with 84 votes on the final passage, but, again, the  path to get here has been a fascinating one and one that I have learned  from. So I do want to rise to join all of the colleagues I have  mentioned and others in support of the Great American Outdoors Act.   I got involved in this issue over 3 years ago. We, in Virginia, are  blessed with a lot of great national parks. We are blessed with a  number of historic battlefields and other historic sites. We have some  of the parkland roads, the parkways--in Northern Virginia, the George  Washington Memorial Parkway that I come to work here in the Capitol on  every day, the Blue Ridge Parkway, the Colonial Parkway. We have over  $1.1 billion of that backlog, and this legislation is so critically  important.   The legislation, it has been mentioned, represents the most  significant investment in our public lands in a generation, and I  believe, at this moment in time, something critically important as  well: a job creator in our outdoor economy.   The Great American Outdoors Act will provide up to $9.5 billion over  5 years to address not only the deferred maintenance and backlogs at  the National Park Service but other Federal land agencies as well. This  is the kind of mastery of Senator Alexander in combining the two pieces  of legislation.   The bill also finally provides full and mandatory funding for the  Land and Water Conservation Fund. It has been a long road getting to  this point, but I am thrilled that we are finally at this moment in  time on this important, job-creating legislation that is also  preserving the legacy that God granted this country in terms of the  outdoors, in terms of our history. This is really a gift to our kids,  grandkids, and future generations.   Now, many of us have indicated how we got here, and I am going to add  my voice as well. Years of chronic underfunding has forced the Park  Service to defer maintenance on countless trails, buildings, and  historic structures, as well as thousands of miles of roads and  bridges.   So today, the National Park Service faces a deferred maintenance  backlog of over $12 billion. As a matter of fact, over half of all Park  Service assets are currently in desperate need of repairs.   As I mentioned, in Virginia alone, the deferred maintenance backlog  sits at over $1.1 billion. That means, in Virginia, we trail only the  District of Columbia and California in terms of jurisdictions in total  backlog.   To address this growing problem in Virginia and across the country, 3  years ago Senator Alexander, Senator Portman, my good friend Senator  Angus King, and I introduced the original legislation, the Restore Our  Parks Act, which would provide significant funds to the Park Service to  reduce its maintenance backlog and utilize unobligated energy  resources.   In March, our bill was combined with Senator Gardner and Senator  Manchin's LWCF legislation to form the Great American Outdoors Act.  This bill on the floor today will provide, as I indicated, up to $6.65  billion over 5 years to restore and repair our national parks. That is  enough to address more than half of the currently deferred maintenance  backlog and completely fund the highest priority deferred maintenance  projects within the agency.   This represents one of the largest--if not the largest--investments  in infrastructure in our national parks in the over 100-year history of  the National Park Service.   In addition to preserving our national treasures for future  generations to enjoy, this legislation will also create tens of  thousands of jobs across the country and provide a positive economic  impact for those gateway communities.   The Senator from Tennessee mentioned Chilhowee in Tennessee. We have  a Chilhowee in Southwest Virginia as well. Those gateway communities  depend on our national parks   As a matter of fact, a recent study by the National Park Service  indicates that the Great American Outdoors Act will actually support  over 100,000 jobs and contribute $17.5 billion in total economic output  through this legislation. In Virginia alone, that means over 10,000  jobs could be created by eliminating this maintenance backlog.   Let me give you a few examples that are a more parochial basis of  what that will mean in Virginia. Here in the national capital region,  the George Washington Memorial Parkway, which is managed by the  National Park Service, has over $700 million in deferred maintenance.  As a matter of fact, anyone who travels on that road knows that, north  of the Theodore Roosevelt Bridge, we actually had a sinkhole appear in  the parkway within the last year--an enormous safety threat as well as  a huge inconvenience to the traveling public.   Our legislation would help rebuild this critical transportation route  between Virginia, Washington, and Maryland--again, reducing traffic and  creating jobs.   I mentioned that in Virginia we are blessed with a number of historic  battlefields. The Richmond National Battlefield Park has over $5  million in deferred maintenance, and the nearby Petersburg National  Battlefield has nearly $9 million in deferred maintenance.   Our legislation would help preserve these important pieces of our  heritage while also supporting the local economies. At the Shenandoah  National Park, one of the crown jewels of the National Park Service,  the maintenance backlog sits at $90 million.   Our legislation will put people to work on these overdue repairs,  including Skyline Drive and stretches of the Appalachian Trail, which  are, again, at the heart of Virginia's outdoor tourism industry.   As you head further southwest in Virginia, the Blue Ridge Parkway has  accumulated over $508 million in deferred maintenance needs. That is  over $1 million per mile of the parkway. The Great American Outdoors  Act would put Virginians to work on these repairs so that visitors can  continue to appreciate the beauty of the Appalachian Highlands in  support, again, of the local economy.  [[Page S2784]]    I will just give you one final example--the Colonial National  Historical Park, which is home to Historic Jamestowne and the Yorktown  Battlefield. At this park, containing some of our Nation's most  significant sites--beginning our Nation and the birth of our Nation in  terms of the revolution--there are deferred maintenance needs totaling  over $433 million.   With this legislation, the wait on these repairs is over. We are  going to create jobs and make sure this important part of our history  is around for years to come.   In addition to securing these funds for the Park Service and other  public lands, the Great American Outdoors Act also provides the full  mandatory funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   LWCF is the most important tool the Federal Government and States  have to conserve natural areas, water resources, and cultural heritage,  and expand recreation opportunities to all communities.   Over the past four decades, Virginia has received over $360 million  in LWCF funding that has been used to preserve critical places in the  Commonwealth, like the Rappahannock River Valley and Back Bay National  Wildlife Refuge and the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.   With full funding from the LWCF, we will be able to conserve  additional critical lands in the Commonwealth and provide more  recreational opportunities for Virginians from the coalfields to the  Chesapeake Bay and everywhere in between.   In closing, I urge my colleagues to support this historic legislation  that will help restore our national parks and public lands, create tens  of thousands of jobs across the country, and expand recreation  opportunities for millions of Americans. This bipartisan piece of  legislation, which also has the support of the administration, is  legislation whose time has arrived. I look forward to its successful  passage later this week.   With that, I yield the floor.   