 Mr. President, today I join my colleagues to honor the  service and sacrifice of members of the U.S. Armed Forces, veterans,  and Gold Star families, and to commemorate the men and women in uniform  who made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our Nation.   Since the earliest days of this country, we have been blessed by  selfless men and women who have run toward, not away from, mortal  danger. Driven by a profound sense of patriotism, they laid down their  own lives to defend the freedoms that define our Nation.   That level of courage is difficult to comprehend and impossible to  repay. Therefore, we show our gratitude by remembering these heroes-- their bravery, their strength, and their hope--and also the sacrifices  of the loved ones who have lost family members in uniform.   One such hero is SFC John David Randolph Hilty from Bowie, MD.  Sergeant Hilty was serving in Iraq in support of Operation Inherent  Resolve, helping to defeat ISIL, when he died this past March 30, 2020.  This was after completing three previous tours to Afghanistan and  earning several awards for his valiant service, including the Bronze  Star Medal, Army Commendation Medal, and Joint Service Achievement  Medal.   Those who knew Sergeant Hilty remember him as a devoted son, husband,  father, a tremendous leader, and a dear friend. I am thankful for  Sergeant Hilty's service to our country and so sorry for the loss of  such a wonderful member of our community.   We are forever indebted to the brave men and women like Sergeant  Hilty who gave their lives to keep the rest of us safe. As President  John F. Kennedy once said, ``We must never forget that the highest  appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.'' All  Americans should be reflecting on the values that these men and women  defended, and we must redouble our efforts to uphold them.   Values like the freedoms to speak, worship, think, and dissent,  values like equality, justice, and tolerance, values like truth and  fairness, these are the pillars of the democracy that so many have died  to protect. We honor their sacrifices by working together to build and  preserve the America they fought to defend and support.   Our citizen soldiers never need to ask what is in it for them. They  know they answer life's highest and most honorable calling. We should  all remember the sacrifices that so many servicemen and service women  have made defending our freedoms. My thoughts and prayers are with all  the families in Maryland and across the United States who have lost  loved ones protecting our Nation.   