 Madam Speaker, I am honored to be here today  to speak about the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement  Act.   As the COVID-19 pandemic and the related recession causes massive  suffering across the country, we have a duty to act. Government has a  duty to act so as to minimize human suffering, not to exacerbate it.   We must strengthen and enhance the Affordable Care Act rather than do  what the Trump administration wants us to do and rip away health  coverage for millions of Americans.   A constituent of mine put it best. He said to me: ``You know, Donald  Trump is bad for my health.''   I am sure all of us here came to Congress to make a positive  difference in the lives of our constituents.   In my district, there are 325,000 people enrolled in Medicare,  Medicaid, and CHIP. Almost 27,000 individuals, hardworking individuals,  got their health insurance through the ACA, through ObamaCare. But what  this administration and congressional Republicans want to do and what  they are telling me is that these citizens and 23 million other  Americans don't deserve healthcare.   My Democratic colleagues and I feel differently. We are standing up  to the Trump administration's attempts to kill the Affordable Care Act.  We are not going to let this happen, not today, not on our watch.   That is why I am glad the House Democrats have reintroduced this  legislative package that will make healthcare and prescription drugs  more affordable for American families.   This is commonsense legislation that is a win for all Americans.   This bill lowers health insurance premiums and makes prescription  drugs more affordable by empowering Medicare to negotiate for lower  prices, which is something we all know we should do. It is way past  time to stop letting drug companies rip off Americans by allowing them  to charge us more than other countries for the same drugs.   This bill also strengthens the critical outreach and enrollment  funding that has been gutted by the Trump administration.   This is a personal passion of mine. Last year, I offered an amendment  to H.R. 987 that would ensure that communities with high unemployment  were prioritized in outreach, education, and enrollment assistance to  Americans shopping for healthcare. And let me tell you, it works. In  California, we are enrolling more people, who pay less, because of  widespread enrollment.   We all deserve healthcare. That is our right as Americans.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   