 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support  my bill, the FENTANYL Results Act, that will help increase global  cooperation in the fight against synthetic drug trafficking.   My nephew, Ian Trone, died 4 years ago of a fentanyl overdose at the  age of 24, and since his passing, we have seen a dramatic and alarming  increase in fentanyl and other synthetic opioid deaths across our  country.   In 2019, there were nearly 71,000 overdose deaths in the United  States, the highest number ever recorded. Most disturbingly, this  number reversed the promising decrease in deaths we saw in 2018.   Why did we see a spike last year? Because fentanyl is showing up in  more and more parts of the United States.   Mixed in with heroin, meth, and cocaine, fentanyl is causing more  accidental overdoses and more deaths.   We know that fentanyl is 50 to 100 times stronger than morphine.   Some synthetics, like carfentanil, are even deadlier, some 10,000  times stronger than morphine.   In 2018, two-thirds of all opioid-related deaths involved synthetic  opioids.   This rise in opioid deaths is especially alarming because of the  significant impact we know the COVID pandemic has had on the opioid  epidemic.   In Maryland, fentanyl was involved in 93 percent of all opioid- related deaths for the first 6 months of 2020, and fentanyl-involved  deaths were up 12 percent in the second quarter compared to the same  time last year.   We need to act now if we are going to put an end to these senseless  deaths. We cannot do it alone.   The FENTANYL Results Act instructs the Secretary of State to:   Support increased data collection by the U.S. and other countries on  drug use and make sure we share that data,   Increase consultation with international drug agencies and foreign  regulatory agencies,   Implement technical assistance programs to build partner capacity in  forensic detection capabilities,   And run international exchange programs among demand reduction  experts and scientists.   The U.S. can't fight its way out of this alone. We need to work  together on demand reduction at home, and we are doing that with  stronger prevention, treatment, and recovery programs.   But we need to cooperate with international partners to stem the flow  of synthetic opioids into the United States.   This means working with them to detect fentanyl and its precursors  before these drugs leave the borders.   This means establishing best practices to reduce demand globally, so  we have less of a market for these illicit substances.   This means recognizing that greater cooperation serves us all. It is  in no country's interest to fuel the opioid epidemic.   I thank Ranking Member McCaul for coleading this bipartisan bill with  me. Ranking Member McCaul has been a champion on this bipartisan issue  long before I came to Congress, and I look forward to continuing our  relationship.   I also thank Chairman Engel for helping move the bill through the  Foreign Affairs Committee and making sure we take every possible step  to end the flow of fentanyl and other synthetic drugs in the United  States. We will miss your leadership here in Congress next year, and we  know your service has a long way to go in the future.   We need to tackle the opioid epidemic from every angle, and that  includes working with our international partners to curb drug  trafficking and save lives. This bill helps us do this. I urge a  ``yes'' vote.   