 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Shalala), my  good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes.   Madam Speaker, we are here today to consider a rule that provides for  consideration of a package of items that are of great importance to the  country.   The House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 133 includes not  only a bipartisan omnibus appropriations bill covering the remainder of  fiscal year 2021, but also a $900 billion bipartisan pandemic relief  package to provide help to millions of Americans who have suffered as a  result of the pandemic.   It also includes a bipartisan compromise addressing surprise medical  bills, something that has been a priority for both parties.   Finally, it includes a number of end-of-the-year tax and healthcare- related extenders that are critical to those they serve, especially  during a pandemic.   While I know that we are all thrilled to be here today to bring these  items to the floor, I am frustrated that it has taken this long to  reach this deal, and I know the American people share that frustration.  [[Page H7292]]    The reality is that we could have had this deal months ago on a  pandemic relief package, and we could have had this deal. Individual  components could have been passed across the floor in July of this  year. Instead, Americans were left to suffer. All the while, jobs were  being lost and businesses being closed; all the while, small businesses  across the country were forced to make difficult decisions about which  employees to keep and which staff to let go; all the while, a deal was  available here in Congress that could have extended unemployment  insurance and extended the Paycheck Protection Program, a program which  Democrats in the House rejected extending 41 times.   These two key backstops could have helped millions of Americans.  Instead, Democrats chose to play politics and chose not to take yes for  an answer. But now that the election is over and the end of the year is  at hand, suddenly there is room for a deal, a very bipartisan deal that  was on the table all along and that could have been passed into law  months ago.   Madam Speaker, for today, we will look past that. Though this overall  bill is massive, I think it is easiest to digest if you consider it in  three separate sections:   Section 1 is the bipartisan, bicameral omnibus appropriations bill,  which will include our appropriations work for fiscal year 2021. The  appropriations process works best when it is bipartisan, and with  today's bill, we have accomplished that end.   Once we step past the partisanship, we are able to work together and  reach a deal that will fully fund the government for the fiscal year.  Our constituents deserve no less.   Madam Speaker, the deal before us covers all 12 spending bills and it  ensures that taxpayer dollars will go where they are needed most. In  particular, I am pleased that this bill includes key provisions  supporting our response to the pandemic, like $20 billion for  coronavirus vaccines, an increase in funding for the National  Institutes of Health, and a further $3 billion to rebuild the Strategic  National Stockpile of medical supplies and personal protective  equipment. It fully funds our defense needs and ensures a 3 percent pay  raise for all military personnel. It continues to fund needed  improvements for border security. And, perhaps most importantly, it  maintains all pro-life protections, as has been the case in previous  years. And the harmful, partisan riders that appeared in Democratic  partisan appropriations bills from earlier this year have been removed.   Madam Speaker, I think it is worth noting that this bill came about  as a result of regular order. The Committee on Appropriations produced  each of the 12 appropriations bills from a regular committee process.  Members were given the opportunity to amend, question, and fully  examine most of the bills on the floor, and the House and Senate met  together to conference the bills into a final product. This  demonstrates how powerful and effective regular order can be.   Madam Speaker, the second piece of this bill is the $900 billion  pandemic relief package. For all of 2020, Americans--and indeed the  world--have lived under the specter of this pandemic. It has touched  every American's life in some way or another, but many Americans have  been hit harder than others.   Millions have caught this disease, and hundreds of thousands have  died. Millions more have lost their jobs, and millions have seen their  wages or earnings cut. This has been a crisis that touches us on so  many levels. A health crisis is bad enough, but adding an economic  crisis on top of it makes this year the toughest that many of us can  remember.   The coronavirus relief package before us will do several things to  ease the burden on all Americans. It will extend the Paycheck  Protection Program and will ensure that many small businesses will be  able to keep their employees on the payroll. It will extend expanded  unemployment insurance, thus providing more funds to unemployed workers  to help make them closer to whole. And it will provide economic impact  payments of $600 to almost every American, except those with high  incomes.    Though I expect this may not be the last time Congress responds to  the COVID pandemic, I hope that in the future the Speaker will embark  on a different path of resolution. A relief package like this one may  not have been everything that both parties wanted, but a compromise  deal that provides real help to American workers is better than no deal  at all. And that compromise could have and should have been reached  months ago. I hope the majority will remember that going forward.   Madam Speaker, the third section of today's package is a number of  miscellaneous bipartisan items, including a bill intended to address  the problems of surprise medical billing. This is a problem that is  known far too well by many Americans.   You see a doctor or you visit an emergency room, and only learn after  the fact that a medical professional you saw during your treatment is  outside your insurance network. This can lead to a wildly expensive  bill for the patient, who may not have had any choice in the matter.   The bipartisan bill before us today will help solve this problem. It  will ensure that the patients will only be responsible for covering the  portion not covered by their health insurance at in-network rates when  they don't have the ability to choose an in-network doctor, like in  emergency situations. The bill also will make pricing more open and  transparent and will require insurers to notify patients in advance if  they are going to receive out-of-network care.   These reforms will give patients and consumers more choice and will  make sure that they are not subjected to massive, surprise bills, ones  that patients frequently have not planned for.   Madam Speaker, I applaud my friends on the Committee on Ways and  Means, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on  Education and Labor for coming to this important compromise, and I look  forward to supporting its passage in law.   Madam Speaker, finally, I take a moment to acknowledge my very dear  friend, Representative Donna Shalala, who is managing her final rule on  the floor today. I have always enjoyed my interactions with my friend  and it has always been a pleasure serving with her on the Committee on  Rules. She has been a helpful ally when we have agreed and a worthy  opponent when we have not.   Much more importantly, she has always been, first and foremost, a  public servant. She was a public servant before she arrived in  Congress. I have no doubt she will continue to be a public servant when  she leaves. We have all benefitted from her leadership at the  Department of Health and Human Services during the Clinton years, from  her many years as a leader in educational institutions, from her  tireless participations on countless boards and commissions and  committees, all of which were rendering important service to our  country.   Madam Speaker, I am going to miss my friend on the Committee on  Rules. This Congress is going to miss her, but I know the country is  going to continue to have the benefit of her splendid service and  insight.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Arizona (Mrs. Lesko), my good friend and distinguished colleague on the  Committee on Rules.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot), my very good friend and the distinguished ranking  Republican member of the Small Business Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Burgess), my very good friend and a distinguished member of  the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Rules Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South  Dakota (Mr. Johnson), my very good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Barr).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I just want to quickly respond to my friend from  California. It is just, frankly, not accurate to say Republicans did  nothing.   The reality is Democrats in the Senate did nothing. They were offered  a bill about the size of this bill. Actually, it was a little bit  larger--as I recall, it was about a trillion dollars--than this bill,  and they wouldn't allow it to come to the floor to be heard.   This deal has been on the table since July. My friends chose to hold  it up, for whatever reason--be it political or in hopes of getting a  better deal--and they prolonged the suffering of the American people,  and I regret that.   But we are here today. We have worked together. We have got all the  appropriations bills done. I am proud of that. We have got a good  relief package here. I am proud of that. We have taken care of some  important issues.   I see my friend, the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means. He  had a lot to do with that, on surprise medical billing. That is a  bipartisan accomplishment and achievement.   So let's build on the things that we have and see what we need to do  in the next Congress.   But, again, for one side to point fingers at the other here is just  simply, in my view, not appropriate.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I beg to differ with my good friend from  Massachusetts. It wasn't Republicans who did nothing; it was Democrats  who did nothing.   The Senate actually offered a trillion-dollar package in July. We are  here approving a $900 billion package today.   The President of the United States offered a $1.8 trillion package at  one point. We are approving a $900 billion package today.   Now, we may do more later, but the reality is my friends drug this  out all summer long. We could have had a package very similar to what  we had many months ago. That would have helped unemployed Americans. It  would have helped Americans with small businesses. It would have  reassured the economy. My friends chose not to do that.    I am glad, since the election, they have decided to bargain in good  faith. We have bargained in good faith. We have what we think is a good  product in front of us. But if we want to write history, we have a  considerably different version of it than has been portrayed on the  floor here today, put in front of the American people.   Madam Speaker, I also just want to add for the record that, while we  are busy bashing the President, I haven't heard too many people thank  the President of the United States for Operation Warp Speed,  unprecedented triumphs to actually deliver a vaccine in less than a  year. All the critics said, not possible. The President deserves credit  for that, and so does his administration.   That is something that all of us, regardless of party and  partisanship, should be proud of; and, frankly, it is something we owe  the President a great deal of gratitude for.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to agree with the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida, my  good friend, about the investments in NIH. I want to remind her that it  was Newt Gingrich and John Porter who doubled the NIH during the  Clinton years, who actually put more money in there than the  administration requested.   I will also remind my good friend that when I was chairman, we put  more money in than the Obama administration requested; and we continued  to do more money than the Trump administration requested, which  actually requested some cuts.   So the reality is that Congress--on a bipartisan basis, I must say,  because I had the support of my ranking member, now our distinguished  chairwoman of the Labor, Health, and Human Services Subcommittee, Rosa  DeLauro, in those decisions--Congress, but particularly Republicans,  have made those investments over the years.   And I think the country--I agree with my friend--has reaped enormous  benefits from that. I hope we continue down that road in the next  Congress with the next administration. I am looking forward to that  possibility. But I simply wanted to let the record reflect what the  contribution from our side of the aisle has been in that regard.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to remind my friends who engage in revisionist history, we  haven't  [[Page H7298]]  held anything up. The Senate put a $1 trillion offer on the table back  in July. My friends didn't think that was good enough. The President  put a $1.8 trillion deal on the table. They didn't think that was good  enough.   We are here now with a bipartisan, good bill. We may need to do more  later. We will see. But the reality is our friends held unrealistic  positions with a lot of policy riders on them that they knew were never  going to be accepted, and they did that throughout the election season.   Fine. The election is over. All of a sudden we are back and we are  able to compromise after the election. It would have been better for  the American people had we done that back in July. My friends chose a  different path, but I am glad they have changed their mind since the  election. I am glad we have something in front of us that is genuinely  bipartisan. We will pass it on a bipartisan basis today.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I begin by saying what a privilege it has been to  serve with my good friend from Florida these last 2 years, not only in  Congress, but most especially on the Rules Committee. And what a  particular pleasure it is for me to have the opportunity to manage and  work with her on her very last rule on the floor.   In closing, Madam Speaker, I thank all my colleagues for their  consideration of this bipartisan package. Though it has taken us a long  time to get to this particular point, it is a real bipartisan  compromise. And I think, at the end of the day, it will pass with a  substantial bipartisan vote and it will benefit every American.   The package today will fully fund the government through September  30th of 2021, and will ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent where  they are needed most. I think that is an important point because, lost  in all of this, the appropriations process has actually done what it  was supposed to do.   I compliment my friends on the Appropriations Committee; particularly  our distinguished chair, Mrs. Lowey, and our distinguished ranking  member, Ms. Granger. They brought all 12 bills through the committee.  They got a full committee process. They were reported out of committee.  Ten of those bills came to the floor. On the floor, those bills got  full consideration. We sat and bargained with our friends in the United  States Senate, and now I have brought these bills back. That is the way  Congress ought to work. I am proud the Appropriations Committee worked  that way.   We also will be taking up in this particular bill a pandemic relief  bill, ensuring extensions for programs like unemployment insurance and  the Paycheck Protection Program, which will protect millions of  Americans who have lost their jobs and lost income as a result of this  pandemic.   The package is a very important package. And we have some  disagreements on it. We have had some back and forth on it in the last  several months, but still, at the end of the day, we have come  together, we have done something important, and I think we have set the  stage for perhaps something later in the next Congress. We will see.  But this is an important relief measure for the American people, and I  certainly urge all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support  it.   Finally, the package also includes a bipartisan compromise on  surprise medical billing and a number of issues to provide targeted tax  relief to people who have suffered through the coronavirus crisis and  particular industries. I think that is appropriate. I thank my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle and multiple committees that have  been part of that particular compromise.   Madam Speaker, it is often said on this floor that it is not a  perfect bill, but a $900 billion relief package that is badly needed to  the American people close to Christmas Eve is something that every  Member on this floor ought to be proud of, and I hope every Member in  this Chamber will see fit to support.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the rule and,  most importantly, to vote ``yes'' on the underlying measure.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to have the Labor, Health  and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies' bill included in  this important appropriations package. As we have done every year since  I have served on the subcommittee, we have been able to reach a  compromise. I want to highlight a few of the many provisions in the  Labor-HHS section of the bill.   The agreement boosts funding for the National Institutes of Health by  $1.25 billion. I am proud to say this increase represents the sixth  straight year of sustained increases for the NIH, thanks to bipartisan  and bicameral support.   And funding resources, expertise, and investments we have made over  the past 6 years in biomedical research, along with public health  planning through mechanisms like the Infectious Disease Rapid Response  Reserve Fund, are helping us come out of this pandemic faster than  predicted.   Make no mistake, this is not an accident. It is a result of years of  quiet investment, planning, and scientific dedication. I am glad this  conference agreement continues these investments in biomedical  research. It will benefit the Nation.   Finally, the bill also funds the President's childhood cancer  initiative and continues support to end the HIV epidemic.    This conference agreement before us today also increases funding for  education and training programs, including $52 million for an increase  in career and technical education, a $10 million increase for TRIO and  GEAR UP. We have increased funds for Impact Aid and special education  and provided funds for veterans to integrate back into the workforce.   Finally, the bill continues existing funding restrictions, including  those important to the pro-life community, and drops new controversial  language.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to conclude by thanking Ranking Member Kay  Granger and Labor, Health and Human Services Chair Rosa DeLauro. Ms.  Granger has been a valiant leader navigating our members through some  difficult decisions to bring us here today.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to acknowledge the negotiating skills of the  chair of the Labor-HHS Subcommittee, Ms. DeLauro. I very much look  forward to serving with her as both the chair of my subcommittee, as  well as the chair of the full committee in the next Congress.   Last, but certainly not least, I also want to thank our full  committee chair, Mrs. Lowey, who has had an outstanding career and  navigated us to this point.   