 And still I rise, Mr. Speaker, and I rise today  because I have a question. I have a question for posterity. I have a  question for those who reside and dwell within the Senate. I have a  question, but I also have a predicate for the question.   The predicate is this: Knowing what you know, knowing that the  National Security Advisor was in the room with the President, knowing  that he has indicated that there were concerns within him with  reference to the President's dealings with other countries, heads of  state, knowing that he took his consternation to the Attorney General  of the United States of America, knowing that the Attorney General  expressed some concerns as well, knowing what you know, that the  National Security Advisor, not just another person in the room but the  person who advises the President on concerns with reference to our  security, knowing this, how can you possibly thwart efforts to have the  National Security Advisor give testimony before the Senate in the  impeachment trial?   I have another question. This question is one for eternity.   Knowing that the hands of history are writing your legacy, knowing  that future generations, that your grandchildren, that the people who  will look to you for leadership will read what the hands of history  will record, knowing that history will afford you the opportunity to be  on the right side, the right side of history, how can you possibly  decide that you will conduct yourself in a trial for the ages such that  history will record that you were on the wrong side of history?   My dear friends, this is bigger than you. It is bigger than all of  us. This is about the country we love and government we have.   We have a great opportunity to do justice in the Senate, and the only  way we can do justice is to have witnesses testify.   I said before that I believe that there would be 51 Senators who  would vote to have witnesses. Today, I am absolutely confident that  there will be 51 or more Senators who will move to have witnesses  present themselves and give testimony. To do otherwise would allow the  greatest country in the world to have history record that, when we had  the opportunity to stand up for the Constitution, some of us turned our  backs and looked the other way.   This is your time, Senate. This is your time, Members of the great  deliberative body. I beg that you will do what you must and have  witnesses present themselves so that we will have history record that  we did the right and just thing.   