 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, thank you for the recognition.   As a former New Mexico attorney general and assistant U.S. attorney,  I have worked hard to prosecute violent crimes. I have been privileged  to work with law enforcement, and we are all thankful for the  tremendous work the Capitol Police do here in our Nation's Capital.   The recent shootings of two sheriff's deputies in California was  heinous. Our prayers go out to the officers and their families. The  perpetrator must be brought to justice. But I do not support rushing  through this bill in response to the California shootings.   Under California law, murder of a law enforcement officer already  makes someone eligible for the death penalty. This bill needlessly  expands the Federal death penalty.   As I understand this bill, for someone to be eligible for the death  penalty, he  [[Page S5591]]  or she would have to first be convicted of Federal murder, and then it  would need to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the victim was  killed or targeted because he or she was a law enforcement officer.   I also want to point out that the death penalty itself has widespread  issues and many instances of misapplication. DNA testing and other  science have proven that innocent people have been executed. The  Innocence Project has found that 21 of 375 individuals who were falsely  convicted and exonerated by DNA testing since 1989 had served time on  death row.   The death penalty has also been applied in a racially discriminatory  way. A 1990 GAO report on capital sentencing noted that 82 percent of  studies conducted between 1972 and 1990 found that the race of the  victim influenced whether a capital murder charge was brought or a  death sentence imposed.   As Justice Breyer has noted, ``The factors that most clearly ought to  affect application of the death penalty, namely, comparative  egregiousness of the crime, often do not. Instead, circumstances that  ought not to affect application of the death penalty, such as race,  gender or geography, often do.'' That is in a recent Supreme Court case  here in 2015.   I also understand that this bill has not been through the regular  order in the Judiciary Committee. It is important that legislation that  would have serious consequences is fully examined by the Judiciary  Committee, the committee of jurisdiction here.   I would also like to take this opportunity to call attention to key  legislation that addresses violence and should come to the floor, and  that is the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act.   VAWA authorization expired over a year and a half ago, on February  15, 2019. Funding continues, but key improvements are being delayed by  lack of reauthorization.   The Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2019 is supported  by all 47 Democratic Senators. The House passed the bill 263 to 158.  Thirty-three House Republicans voted yes on that bill. This bill would  extend VAWA for 5 years, through 2024.   As the vice chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I  know how critical this bill is to Indian Country. Data from the U.S.  Department of Justice indicates that Native women face murder rates  that are more than 10 times the national average murder rate. There are  more than 5,000 cases of missing American Indian and Alaska Native  women, and 55 percent of Native women have experienced domestic  violence. More than four in five American Indian and Alaska Native  women experience violence in their lifetimes. Without enactment of a  VAWA reauthorization, these Tribes will lack the jurisdictional tools  they need to keep their communities safe.   The VAWA bill also explicitly states that grant recipients can train  staff to prevent LGBT discrimination, and it adds dating partners  convicted of domestic violence and stalking to the category of persons  barred from having handguns.   This bill would make a real difference in preventing violent crimes  against women and has passed the House and has been pending before us  here in the Senate for many months.   For these reasons, I respectfully object to the Senator's request.    Mr. President, as if in legislation session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from  further consideration of S. 2843, the Violence Against Women  Reauthorization Act, and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, thank you for the recognition today.   We rise--a number of Senators who will be speaking today in this  hour--we rise today to demand that the White House immediately remove  William Perry Pendley from exercising the authority of the Director of  the Bureau of Land Management and nominate a qualified person to be  Director, subject to Senate confirmation.   William Perry Pendley embodies the Trump administration's approach to  conservation--they don't believe in it. He embodies the Trump  administration's approach to Tribal sovereignty--they don't respect it.  His continued employment at BLM embodies the Trump administration's  approach to the law and the separation of powers--they will trample all  over it every chance they get.   Mr. Pendley has been exercising the authority of the Director since  July 2019. Let's get one thing straight: This title has no basis in  law. He is serving as Acting BLM Director under temporary appointments  that the Secretary keeps renewing in a cynical ploy to evade the  Constitution, the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, and the judgment of the  Senate.   Mr. Pendley's record on conservation is so bad, so antithetical to  the agency he oversees, that the Trump administration knew he wouldn't  survive a Senate confirmation. So, instead, they have concocted this  shell game.   The Director of BLM is subject to Senate confirmation. This  administration did not bother to nominate anyone for 4 years until June  of this year when Mr. Pendley was formally nominated. However, the ink  had barely dried on his nomination papers before the President was  forced to withdraw the nomination.   From the beginning, the conservation outdoor recreation sports men  and women communities have been uniformly opposed to Mr. Pendley's  appointment, but that is not why the President withdrew his nomination.  He withdrew the nomination because Mr. Pendley's extreme anti-public  lands positions made him too toxic for Republican Senators from Western  States facing tough reelections.   If Mr. Pendley can't be confirmed as BLM Director, he should not  remain the de facto leader of the agency. He should be immediately  removed. No more shell games. There are many reasons Mr. Pendley is  unfit to serve, more than I have time to discuss, but let me discuss  three with you now.   First, over the course of his 40-year career, he has established  himself as one of the premier anti-public lands crusaders in the  Nation. He has repeatedly advocated that the Federal Government sell  off public lands, arguing that was the Nation's Founders' intent.   As recently as 2016, he penned an op-ed entitled--and I quote here  from his  [[Page S5592]]  op-ed--``The Federal Government Should Follow the Constitution and Sell  Its Western Lands.'' This is from the man who is now charged with  running the agency that oversees our public lands. It is appalling.   BLM manages 245 million acres on behalf of the American people.  Managing these public lands is the central mission of the job, and he  doesn't think there should be any. It is no wonder he is trouble for  western Republican candidates. Poll after poll of westerners show  overwhelming support for public lands among Republicans, Democrats, and  Independents. Selling off our national heritage to the highest bidder  is extreme and extremely unpopular.   Mr. Pendley has been singularly focused on renting out our public  lands to extraction industries to the exclusion of other purposes, such  as conservation, outdoor recreation, and preservation of cultural and  historic values.   As Deputy Assistant Secretary of Energy and Minerals for the  Department of the Interior in the 1980s, Pendley was a tireless  advocate for opening up public lands, from the Outer Continental Shelf  to wilderness areas, to drilling and mining. When he was in charge of  coal leasing in the interior in the 1980s, he helped coal companies get  a sweetheart deal--leasing 1.6 million tons of coal in the Powder River  Basin at bargain basement prices. The General Accounting Office  concluded that Federal taxpayers received about $100 million below fair  market value for that sale, or about $286 million in today's dollars.   Mr. Pendley was removed from his position after that GAO report, and  he hasn't changed one bit over the years. As executive director of the  Mountain States Legal Foundation for 30 years, Pendley fought tooth and  nail for drilling and mining on our public lands. If left unchecked, I  have no doubt Mr. Pendley will continue to turn back the clock on 60  years of our Nation reckoning with the devastating consequences of  recklessly extracting from the Earth.   Second, Mr. Pendley's well-documented racist attitudes make him unfit  for his role. He has disdain for Native Americans--their Tribal  sovereignty and their religious practices. He is very anti-immigrant.  He smears the Black Lives Matter movement. He called Native religious  views: ``pantheism, paganism, and cultural myths.'' He has fought  against protecting their sacred sites on Federal lands.   It is Pendley's BLM that wanted to hold virtual meetings to determine  the future of the greater Chaco Canyon landscape at the same time that  the Navajo Nation was facing one of the worst COVID-19 outbreaks in the  country. And in that area that has some of the lowest broadband rates  in the Nation--now talk about tone-deaf--as the vice chair of the  Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I am here to say that Mr. Pendley  has no business managing lands that are home to sacred Native sites. He  has questioned the basis of Tribal sovereignty and even Tribal  recognition. He wrote: ``The day may come sooner than many expect given  that, with ever-declining blood quantum per tribal member, recognized  tribes may soon be little more than associations of financial  convenience.''   Let's call Mr. Pendley's offensive statement what it is: overt  racism. But his disdain for people of color is not limited to Native  Americans. He has called undocumented immigrants ``a cancer.'' He has  claimed immigration will lead to: ``You and I permanently losing the  country we love.'' He has claimed undocumented immigrants create  violent crime, crowded schools, and spread disease. Mr. Pendley's  racism has no place in today's America. He is unqualified to manage  public lands at a time when we all should be working to make them more  accessible to all America.   People of color who have business before the Bureau of Land  Management, as many do every day, have every right to wonder: Is the  deck stacked against them? It shouldn't be that way.   And, finally, a third reason that all of us should demand Mr. Pendley  be removed from his position: He is a climate change denier. The  science of climate change that is happening and that is human-caused is  well established. We are years and years beyond any scientific argument  on these points. Just open your eyes and look at the wildfires that are  raging throughout the West, forcing people to evacuate their homes and  making wide swaths of the West look like an apocalyptic scene out over  a Hollywood movie. Yet Pendley has claimed that climate change is like  unicorns--neither exist.   Pendley's hostility to science comes as no surprise. He is working  for a President who claimed just yesterday, as he made a belated visit  to California, that ``I don't think science knows,'' referring to  climate change. The President is saying: ``I don't think science  knows.''   The President claims he knows, insisting, ``It will start getting  cooler.'' This President tries to undermine any institution that  challenges his world view--whether it is science, the press, our  national intelligence agencies, or the courts.   But while Mr. Pendley and the President deny the reality of climate  change, right now, today, in California and Oregon, BLM and other  public lands are burning. While they put their heads in the sand on  climate change, the families who have lost loved ones in this  unprecedented fire season in that part of the country and the thousands  who have lost homes don't have that luxury. In the view of William  Pendley, the President, and his administration, the West is a place to  be plundered for natural resources and then left to burn. And while  Pendley and the Trump administration don't think the Interior  Department has any role to play combating climate change, in fact, one- quarter--25 percent--of all U.S. carbon emissions come from fossil  fuels extracted from public lands.   Our public lands are a big part of the climate change problem.  Instead of being a source of pollution, public lands must be an  integral part of the climate solution. William Pendley's vision for  public lands is some terrible caricature that should be consigned to  the history books, where our public lands are to be exploited, not  conserved, where Native people are scorned and people of color are not  seen, and where climate change does not exist.   William Pendley is an extremist, and he was never going to be  confirmed by the U.S. Senate. It is time he is shown the door.   I now turn to my colleagues who are with me on the floor. I am very  proud to introduce my good friend and colleague, New Mexico's junior-- soon-to-be senior Senator--Senator Martin Heinrich. Martin led the  entire Senate Democratic caucus in a letter to the President opposing  Mr. Pendley's nomination as BLM Director, and once the nomination was  withdrawn, he led the caucus urging the Secretary to remove Mr. Pendley  from his Acting position   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I very much appreciate the eloquent words  of Senator Bennet of Colorado. Not only  [[Page S5597]]  does Senator Bennet speak with eloquence, but he matches it with deeds  and with action. He has a major piece of legislation before the Senate  to try to protect public lands in his State of Colorado. We very much  appreciate Senator Bennet and his activism there.   I would also like to thank Senators Heinrich, Manchin, and Rosen for  so eloquently talking about why William Pendley is unfit to continue as  the de facto BLM Director.    Yes, please.    I thank Senator Bennet once again for the good work he is  doing there.   Just a couple of other words in closing, talking about the career  employee scientists, the people who work at the BLM. The men and women  who work at the BLM are public servants dedicated to the mission of the  agency. They deserve a leader who values them and respects them and  carries out that mission, not an extremist who doesn't even believe  that public lands should exist.   Mr. Pendley's hostility toward our public lands resulted in his  nomination as BLM Director being pulled by the President. If he is not  fit to be confirmed as BLM Director by the Senate, he is not fit to  exercise the authority of Director and should be immediately relieved  of that authority.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   