 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Delivering  for America Act (H.R. 8015), which would restore normal U.S. Postal  Service (USPS) operations and prohibit the Trump Administration from  implementing or approving any changes that would impede service during  the COVID-19 pandemic. The bill also provides $25 billion in emergency  funding, matching the level requested by the bipartisan Board of  Governors, and which the House passed as part of the Heroes Act in May.   For over two and a half centuries, our nation's Postal Service has  stood as an independent, neutral entity focused solely on connecting  Americans and providing essential services. This independence has  allowed the Postal Service to maintain its status as the country's most  trusted government agency for decades.   Over the past several weeks, the Trump Administration has turned the  Postal Service into an instrument of partisan politics by enabling  Postmaster General DeJoy to implement harmful and unprecedented  operational and service changes at the Postal Service, such as reducing  overtime, restricting deliveries, and eliminating sorting machines and  mailboxes. These actions have resulted in unacceptable wait times for  mail across the country, delaying timely delivery of prescription  medication and other vital mail, and endangering our upcoming election.   Following heavy criticism, the Postmaster General issued a wholly  insufficient and misleading pause in operational changes. But it is now  clear after his testimony before the Senate Committee on Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs, that he has no intention of taking  meaningful action to reverse the damage that the Postmaster General's  sweeping changes have inflicted. Additionally, the pause does nothing  to ensure voters that their election ballots will be delivered in time  if they mail their ballots account to their state's deadlines. Finally,  the pause is only temporary, and the damaging changes are set to return  after the election. Two weeks ago, I called for the Postmaster General  to resign. Today, I repeat that call and stand firm that he must step  down.   The Trump Administration's efforts to sabotage the Postal Service  have endangered the lives and livelihoods of millions who rely on the  USPS for essential services like delivering life-saving medications,  medical equipment, Social Security benefits and paychecks. The  Postmaster General's decision to impose these dangerous changes in the  middle of an ongoing pandemic has magnified the disruption of many of  these vital services.   The use of mail-order prescriptions, for instance, has increased by  20 percent during the pandemic. Due to the degradation of service,  mail-order medications are reportedly taking weeks to be delivered,  forcing patients to skip doses of life-saving medicines. Veterans  throughout the country have reportedly faced wait times of three weeks  or more for mail-order medications, which has left the Department of  Veterans Affairs scrambling to find alternative delivery services.   Stopping these changes and reversing the damage already done is not  enough. We must provide the additional funding in this bill to ensure  services continue uninterrupted through the election and the pandemic.  But in the President's own words, he opposes any emergency funding  because he believes that without it, the Postal Service will not be  able to handle the estimated influx of mail-in ballots in the upcoming  general election. The President himself has voted by mail in the last  three elections but continues to attack mail-in voting as rife with  fraud. In reality, voting fraud of all forms is extremely rare, and  that's especially true with mail-in voting, whose fraud rates are  immeasurably small. Oregon, the first state to expand mail-in ballots  to general elections, has sent out more than 100 million mail-in  ballots since 2000, and has documented less than a dozen cases of  fraud.   With the number of Americans voting by mail for the election expected  to more than double from the last due to the pandemic, Congress must  protect the right of every American to vote. If Congress fails to act,  we risk permanent damage to the integrity of our elections and our  government institutions; we risk the livelihoods of farmers and workers  around this country who rely on the USPS; and we risk the health and  lives of our seniors, veterans, and millions of other patients who rely  on mail-order medications during a pandemic that has now claimed the  lives of nearly 175,000 people in the U.S. Finally, we risk the  disenfranchisement of seniors and other higher-risk individuals whose  safest option is casting mail-in ballots.   Protecting the integrity of the Postal Service should never be a  partisan issue. Congress must pass the Delivering for America Act, and  work quickly to reverse the substantial damage inflicted by the Trump  Administration.   I urge my colleagues to vote Yay and the Senate to take up this bill  immediately.   