 Mr. President, parliamentary inquiry: Has this bill passed  now on UC?    The Paul bill passed that my colleagues are discussing.    All right. Well, I will just tell my colleagues--and I  made it clear I was on my way here--I think that this is a flawed  approach to a very serious problem, and the reason I feel this way, as  the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, is this gives Social  Security more responsibilities without any additional resources, and it  comes at a time when I think there are going to be real challenges for  Social Security as it tries to pay benefits.   Around here you always have a chance to take another crack at it. I  was on my way over here to offer to work with my colleagues--the  Senator from Louisiana, the Senator from Delaware--but apparently it  was so important that I couldn't come over here and make that offer,  and I think the Senate will regret this.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank you. I thank Senator Klobuchar. I  thank Senator Coons, an absolutely invaluable member of this alliance,  ensuring that we are going to be able to get the resources for this.   My mother would say, if she looked around, ``Dear, you're running  with the right crowd.'' It is a pleasure to be able to team up with  both of you.   I want to put this in some kind of context to begin because my  colleagues have all done such a good job. I also got a chance to listen  to the Senator from Virginia, Senator Warner. He and I serve on the  Intelligence Committee. I can't get into classified information, but  certainly we are very much aware of some of the challenges to  protecting the integrity of the votes of our citizens from a national  security standpoint.   I just want to start with a kind of basic, commonsense proposition.  When you do something like making sure, in 2020, that citizens don't  have to have a notary to vote, what you are doing is just common sense,  and that is what expanded in-person voting is all about. That is what  you do when you support voters with disabilities. That is what you do  when you make it easier for communities where there are people of  modest income, communities of color, to vote.   It has been a pleasure to be able to work with Senator Klobuchar in  particular, who is passionately committed to adding those kinds of  priorities.   I would only say that when you add these kinds of commonsense steps  to enhance the ability of Americans to vote safely, only Donald Trump  and Majority Leader McConnell could call it a liberal conspiracy. This  is just basic common sense in government 101.   I am particularly concerned because all of us know what is coming. In  other words, we have been out here talking about these priorities now  for months. We saw it in Wisconsin. We saw it in Georgia. We now know  what is coming. If anything, we get additional news every day about  what the challenge is.   I don't know whether anybody has touched on it this afternoon, but  just today, Dr. Tony Fauci said he would not be surprised to soon see  100,000 new coronavirus cases a day.   The Presiding Officer of the Senate is a physician, and he knows this  well. He comes from a State that has faced a lot of challenges. Who are  the people who are most vulnerable? It is seniors. It is people who are  over the age of 60.   What I would say to my colleagues is, when I introduced the first  bill to vote by mail--and that was a full 20 years ago--to give  everybody in America the chance to vote the Oregon way--they wouldn't  have to vote the Oregon way, but they would all have a chance to vote  by mail, a ballot. We knew that this would be a big breakthrough in  terms of our special system of government. Our military has always  looked to innovative ways to make sure that our courageous men and  women in uniform would have a chance to be counted in every election.  We knew 20 years ago that vote-by-mail would be an important innovation  because we had been doing it for years and years in Oregon.   All the arguments that have been thrown out recently--these arguments  about fraud--our late secretary of state, Dennis Richardson, who was  very conservative, before he passed--he passed shortly after Donald  Trump took office--he wrote the President, Donald Trump, and said: This  fraud issue is nonexistent in Oregon. Every election, there are  virtually no instances, but a lot of people believe they got a chance  to be counted, and they got a chance to do it in a way that was  convenient for them.   There are a lot of challenges, certainly, today with the coronavirus.  What we do with vote-by-mail, as my colleagues have been talking about,  is we need to make it easier to empower voters to vote the way they  would like to be able to vote--safely and at home.   Right now, voters are worried about infection. Sixty-six percent  recently said they were concerned about going to polling places--and  for good reason.   We just had our primary in Oregon, and nobody had to worry about  infection in the State of Oregon. We voted safely in the middle of a  pandemic--no long lines, no interactions with older people and multiple  poll workers, often putting several people at risk of the coronavirus,  not just one person. Yes, if you have the possibility of touching a  machine used by hundreds of people, there is certainly reason to be  worried. Since 66 percent of poll workers are over the age of 60, many  of them are staying home to avoid getting sick.   I think my colleagues on the other side of the Chamber know at least  some of what I have said this afternoon. I believe they know what is  coming this fall because we have already seen a kind of snapshot of it  over the last couple of months in terms of the challenge of voting  during the era of the coronavirus.   In 2016, we saw what happened when a foreign power tried to interfere  with our election. The concerns of 2016 are now magnified in 2020. I  put forward the Resilient Elections During Quarantines and Natural  Disasters Act, and I would like to think we have been trying to get the  facts out to Senators on both sides of the aisle for years now.   It was a pleasure to team up with Senator Klobuchar on the Natural  Disaster and Emergency Ballot Act and with Senator Coons, as he was our  point person in securing the funds that are a prerequisite to doing  this job right. In other words, you have to have funds, and you have to  have the reforms.   We don't really think that it is a revolutionary proposition that  what you ought to do is everything possible to make sure that every  eligible American can vote safely in a pandemic.   Nobody I know in this Chamber is offering the proposition that the  Federal Government should just run elections. What we are trying to do  is give States and local governments clear guidance about the best way  to keep elections running during the pandemic and the resources in  order to use that guidance, as Senator Klobuchar and I have talked  about--two sides of the same coin--not running the election but giving  good facts and clear guidance about how to prevent the pandemic and the  dollars to make it possible to carry it out.   If a million members of the military, five U.S. States, and tens of  millions of Americans across the country can vote by mail every  election, then every voter ought to be able to vote by mail.   It is now online, and I hope my colleagues will look at the wonderful  discussions ``60 Minutes'' had about vote-by-mail in Oregon just a  couple of days ago with our secretary of state, Bev Clarno. She, too,  is a Republican. There are real bipartisan roots on this.   I am the first U.S. Senator ever to be elected by mail. I am a  Democrat. The second U.S. Senator to be elected by mail, our former  colleague Gordon Smith, was a Republican. You see Democrats, and you  see Republicans. You watch ``60 Minutes.'' You hear from our secretary  of state, who is a longtime Republican. You heard what I had to say  about the late Dennis Richardson, who I would venture to say was just  about as conservative as any Member of the Republican caucus. We are  going to keep doing everything we can to get the facts out and make  sure that  [[Page S4008]]  people understand these arguments about, for example, fraud. We have to  say, so people really see how strongly we feel about it.   A few years ago, a poll worker tampered with two ballots. We put that  person in jail for 90 days and fined him $13,000, and they were barred  from ever working in an election again. That is the way to show you are  serious about making sure you are sending a strong message about the  integrity of every person's vote, addressing the safety questions, and  avoiding the proliferation of insecure, overpriced electronic election  equipment--something that the voting machine lobby has been pedaling  for years and years. Those, again, are not partisan kinds of positions;  they are just plain common sense.   I realize that Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell are going to keep  doing everything they can to block vote-by-mail on legislation, but I  believe that when we really get into negotiating the nuts and bolts of  the coronavirus package in the Senate when we come back, I believe,  particularly because Senators are going to be home, they are going to  hear from voters, and voters are going to say: Don't put our health at  risk. Give us the ability to vote in a safe way.   That is what we have tried to do.   I will just say to my colleagues, there really is no plan B. The  choice is either vote by mail or through the expanded options that we  are offering in our bill, or huge numbers of Americans will not be able  to vote at all.   We are better than this, and it is time for Senators to look again.   As I said, there is no plan B here, colleagues. The choice is to take  advantage of our options for citizens to be able to vote safely, or  huge numbers of Americans will not be able to vote at all.   I think, to close for our side, the lead sponsor, the senior Democrat  in the Rules Committee, may have something else to say. As a Senator  who has worked on this, as I say, for two full decades, I knew that we  were going to face challenges along the way. Back when we started, it  was kind of a debate among political scientists. Now it is  fundamentally a question of keeping our citizens safe as they exercise  the franchise. I think it is very fitting that Senator Klobuchar close  for our side   