 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am struck by the fact, as I call people  around my State of Vermont, which, like your State and every State, has  suffered from COVID--although I compliment our Republican Governor, who  has kept the numbers down lower than practically any other State in the  country. But we are facing winter, and even today, the outgoing  President does not seem to be willing to acknowledge the huge mistake  he made in not accepting the fact that we had a COVID pandemic coming  to this country. We lost too much time preparing for it. We are still  not adequately prepared for it. We could take some hope in the news of  new vaccinations, but even that is going to take months before than can  be fully implemented.   The reason I mention this is that the Senate time and again is voting  on judicial nominees who have been recommended predominantly by a  special interest group or a couple of different special interest  groups. We have to vote on these special interest judges for lifetime  appointments, but we can't do a single thing to help the average people  who are suffering because of COVID. It should not be a Republican or a  Democratic issue.   In my State, I hear from business people who have small B&Bs, may  have a restaurant and a small business--they don't identify themselves  as Republicans or Democrats; they just say: We can't open. What are we  going to do?   I hear from parents who say: What is being done so our kids can go  back to school? The schools say they could probably do something, but  they need the money to set up various COVID protections.   Small hospitals are overwhelmed. We have seen this in States all over  the country. The hospitals are being overwhelmed, and the people  working there are being overwhelmed.   The U.S. Senate hasn't done a single thing. We had a bill before us  from the House in June and July. We could have voted on it. The  Republican leader said: No, we can't, because there are some parts we  Republicans may not like. Well, that is why you vote. Bring it up. Vote  it up or vote it down. Bring up amendments. Vote for them or vote  against them, but do it. Instead, we spend our time day after day after  day voting on special interest judges--people who have been proposed by  special interests groups, who are picked because they feel they would  vote with these special interests groups. What we should be doing is  taking a little time off from that and voting for the American people.   In my State, we have Republicans and Democrats. We have a Republican  Governor who is doing an excellent job. He has just been reelected. We  have a wonderful Democratic woman who has been elected as the new  Lieutenant Governor. They both want to work together to get people back  to school, back to work, protect their health. They keep saying: When  is the help coming from Washington   I think that instead of spending all of this time talking about  fanciful thoughts--I saw one of the Trump supporters on television  saying that she was there to rally for Donald Trump, to resist those  millions of votes that came in at the last minute from China, into  these voting booths. She thoroughly believed it, and she seemed like a  really intelligent person. But let's talk about reality.   The reality is that COVID did not go away in the spring, as the  President said. The reality is that you have to wear masks. The reality  is that you have to take steps to keep from getting COVID. The reality  is that our schools are suffering, our families are suffering, our  small businesses are suffering, our government agencies are suffering-- America is suffering.   I think about a few years ago when we had the Ebola plague, and the  Obama administration put in place, with strong bipartisan support, a  special unit at the White House to react to plagues or serious novel  diseases coming here. As a result, America was protected. But what we  also did, as America does best, is we helped other countries to handle  the question of Ebola.   What did we do when this administration came in? Well, because  President Obama set up that infectious disease unit, they quickly  disbanded it. For months, as these reports were coming in making it  very clear we were facing a serious threat to the United States, they  ignored it and refused to acknowledge it. Now at least they have  acknowledged it somewhat but are unwilling to take the steps necessary  to fight it.   So I suggest that the U.S. Senate do its job. Hold off for a while on  these special interest judges and actually vote for the things that  help people who don't have special interests--the vast majority of  Republicans and Democrats, men and women, families throughout the  United States of America. Do something to help them. Bring up the  bills. Bring up the COVID bills. Bring up the appropriations bills.  Certainly, Senator Shelby and I are prepared to bring them to the  floor. If people don't like a particular bill, then bring up an  amendment. Vote it up or down. What are we afraid of? Why are we afraid  to vote? Vote it up or down. Let the American people see what we are  doing.   Certainly, I do not know a single person, Republican or Democrat, in  my State who would tell me: Well, I would much rather have you vote on  these special interest judges than to vote on things that might  actually help us keep our businesses from closing, help us be able to  afford our kids going to school, help us put food on our table.   That is what we should be doing. Let's vote on real things. Let's  vote on the COVID appropriations. Let's vote on the help. Let's bring  up our appropriations bills. After all, in just a few weeks, all  funding for the government stops. Bring it up and vote on it. Vote up  on down. If people don't want to fund the government, then vote no. If  they want to fund the government, vote yes. If they don't like a  particular part of the funding package, bring up an amendment and have  the courage to put your name on it and then vote up or down.   I will speak further on this as we go on. I see one of my colleagues  on the floor. I think he wants to speak.   I yield the floor.   