 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, today, I am pleased to offer this  bipartisan amendment to strengthen this legislation aimed at addressing  PFAS contamination in our communities.   Right now, communities in upstate New York continue to struggle with  the impacts of PFAS contamination in drinking water. Residents of  Hoosick Falls and Petersburg in Rensselaer County are living every day  with the impacts of PFAS contamination, which we know include thyroid  disease, birth defects, autoimmune disorders, and cancer.   Last year, Emily Marpe, who now lives with her family in Hoosick  Falls, testified before the Energy and Commerce Committee about her  experiences with contaminated water in her home in Petersburg, New  York. Emily spoke about her experiences of being unable to drink the  water from her faucet and having to sell her home and then test her  blood as well as the blood of her children for PFOA.   What Emily described is all too common in my district, and it is  representative of the experiences of communities across the country.  This is why PFAS has been a priority of mine and so many in this  Chamber on both sides of the aisle.   The PFAS Action Act is a critically important bill. My bipartisan  amendment will strengthen this legislation and address another element  of this crisis: indirect discharge. My amendment, which pulls from the  PFAS Transparency Act, would make it illegal for an industrial facility  to introduce PFAS into a sewage treatment system without first  disclosing information about that substance.   Right now, companies can tap into a public wastewater infrastructure  and introduce PFAS into our sewage systems, regardless of the local  treatment plant's ability to effectively treat the contamination.   Most municipal water treatment plants are not equipped to effectively  treat for PFAS contamination, which makes indirect discharges extremely  hazardous, particularly when not disclosed.   The PFAS Transparency Act establishes a commonsense requirement that  industrial facilities disclose this information to treatment systems  beforehand, meaning more transparency and accountability for our  communities.   I would like to take this moment to recognize my coleads on this  measure, Representatives Chris Pappas and Harley Rouda. We introduced  this PFAS Transparency Act alongside the bipartisan Clean Water  Standards for PFAS Act of 2020, which would require the EPA to review  PFAS discharges under the Clean Water Act and issue regulations to  address harmful discharges of PFAS into our Nation's waterways.   These bills together take important steps to increase our  understanding of PFAS in wastewater and address harmful discharges in  our water system, both direct and indirect.   I urge this House to stand with our communities facing unthinkable  consequences of PFAS contamination. Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote  on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining?    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Tonko).    Madam Chairwoman, I am prepared to close, and I want to  use this opportunity to strengthen our defenses against these dangerous  ``forever chemicals'' and protect our drinking water for generations to  come.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this important bipartisan  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   