 Madam President, I rise today on behalf of the 74 fallen  Vietnam veterans our government has forgotten known as the Lost 74.   On June 3 of 1969, the USS Frank E. Evans was participating in a  training mission 100 miles from the Vietnam war combat zone, having  been sent there in between combat missions; that is to say, neither  coming nor going. During the night, the ship collided with an Allied  aircraft carrier and sank, killing 74 sailors. Remember, this is just  outside of the combat zone, between combat missions.   These 74 Vietnam veterans died in service to our country. The ship  had served on several combat tours and had many more scheduled. The  Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the National Mall here in Washington, DC,  memorializes over 58,000 military members who paid the ultimate  sacrifice during the Vietnam war by displaying their names on its wall.   People from around the world come to see the memorial and pay their  respects to those who fought and died for the freedoms we all hold  dear.   Yet, because of a technicality, the names of the Lost 74 sailors are  excluded from the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. As requirements now stand,  veterans must have perished in or on their way to a combat zone. Since  the Frank E. Evans was participating in a practice exercise in between  stints in fighting off the Vietnam coast, the names of these sailors  have been left off of the wall.   Imagine that. These sailors, deployed overseas in the service of our  Nation--they left their homes, their families, their friends, and their  loved ones on behalf of our Nation. They paid the ultimate sacrifice,  like every other man and woman who was lost. Yet their names have been  left off the iconic memorial constructed in their honor. As a parent, I  can't imagine the pain that some of these families must have felt.   I first learned of this injustice during a talk radio townhall in  2018, when a family member of Fargo resident and Frank E. Evans  survivor Dick Grant called in to the program.   After hearing his story, I learned about one of his shipmates, Robert  Searle, a fellow North Dakotan from Grand Forks, who was also on board  the ship and perished in the accident. Robert enlisted in the Navy  Reserves in 1967 and reported to the Frank E. Evans in May of 1968.  Later that year, he married his wife, Thelma.   Robert was on watch in the forward fire room with three other men  when the collision occurred. All four were killed. His twin sons were  just 4 months old.   North Dakota paid a great price when the USS Frank E. Evans sunk. Yet  my State does not grieve alone.  [[Page S2440]]  The Lost 74 encompasses sailors from 29 different States, and the bill  before us today represents that diversity, spanning the political  aisle.   Before I ask for unanimous consent, I would like to yield some time  to the distinguished Senator from New York, the Democratic leader.    Madam President, whether North Dakotans, Granite Staters,  or New Yorkers, these stories are very moving.   When I first heard from Mr. Grant's family, I was a Member of the  House of Representatives. I looked into his request and introduced an  amendment to the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act to inscribe  the names of the Lost 74.   While the measure unanimously passed the House, it was blocked here  in the Senate. So, when I came to the Senate last year, introducing  this legislation was one of my very first actions and high priorities.   And I have had some success. We have 20 cosponsors--10 Republicans  and 10 Democrats--including the chairman and the ranking Democrat on  the subcommittee that has jurisdiction. When Members from Montana to  Maine, North Dakota to New Hampshire, and New York can come together on  an issue as important as honoring the fallen sailors, I would hope this  would garner some attention--and it has. It has.   Last summer, the U.S.S. Frank E. Evans Act received its first-ever  hearing before a Senate Energy Subcommittee. I thank the chairman and  my colleague from Alaska for providing the opportunity for the story of  these sailors to be heard.   It was there when I first heard opposition to the bill, however. I  have yet to hear any real opposition to the legislation voiced by  anyone except the bureaucrats and special interests that would actually  be charged with carrying it out. In other words, nobody objects to this  except the people who would have to do something about it, and that is  a common theme in this town, I have noticed.   For example, the Acting Director of the National Park Service said of  the bill: ``If passed, it would necessitate substantial modification of  the Vietnam Veterans Memorial wall as it exists today.'' No kidding. Of  course it does. That is the point of the bill.   The idea that we should continue to turn a blind eye to forgotten  veterans because the work would be substantial is offensive. It is  certainly offensive to the shipmates and the families and the survivors  of the Lost 74.   Forgive my lack of sympathy for bureaucrats who feel inconvenienced  by the death of 74 war heroes. The country that landed man on the Moon  the very same year that this accident happened certainly can figure out  how to fix a wall to honor these war dead. More to the point, shouldn't  we be looking for more ways to honor our fallen rather than fewer?   The opposition's argument simply does not add up. Since the wall was  built, hundreds of names have been added, and more work still needs to  be done. According to the Washington Post, one soldier's name was  etched three times. Thirteen soldiers had their names etched twice.  While the wall bears 58,390 names, they represent 58,276 different  people. The Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund, which is responsible for  the wall, conducted a study which showed that flaws exist with names  etched in the memorial. To think that we would not add the names of the  Lost 74 when we know corrections already need to be made seems  counterintuitive, if not downright lazy.   Yet, despite all of this, despite the veterans being forgotten,  despite this legislation being sent here twice by the House, despite a  successful hearing on the bill, progress in the Senate has stalled.  That is why my colleagues and I have asked the Department of Defense to  address this issue as well.   The Department has a mixed, if not negative, record with this issue.  They tell you what you want to hear until you go away and hope you  never come back. Similar to this body, we have been met with complete  silence--not a yes, not a no, not a maybe, not a suggestion to make the  proposal better.   We find their silence unacceptable; therefore, I am going to ask for  unanimous consent to pass the Frank E. Evans Act. The Lost 74, their  loved ones, and their shipmates have waited long enough. No matter how  it can be spun, the choice before this Chamber is  [[Page S2441]]  to give the veterans the recognition they deserve or to stand in their  way.   Madam President, with that, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be discharged from further  consideration of S. 849 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, if I might address a couple of things,  first of all, we are here to change legal objections. That is why we  are the legislative branch. We are the policymaking branch. The  Department of Defense, with as much respect as I have for them and  particularly for the Secretary--they work for us. We don't work for  them.   I appreciate the commitment of the chairman. I look forward to  working with her and the committee on getting to a markup and passing  the legislation so that we don't have to submit ourselves to the  bureaucracy but, rather, can get things turned around to where the  bureaucracy submits itself to the legislative branch.   I thank the President, and I thank my colleagues from New York and  New Hampshire and certainly the chairwoman of the Energy Committee and  look forward to working on a resolution soon.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   