 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    I ask unanimous consent that Senator Blumenthal, Senator  Collins, and I be able to complete our remarks before the recess.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 503, S. 2330.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the committee- reported substitute amendment be withdrawn and that the Moran  substitute amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, it is an honor and privilege to be here on  the Senate floor today on this cause. Young athletes across this  country dedicate years, sometimes decades, of  [[Page S4697]]  their lives to earn their spot on the world stage representing the  United States at the Olympics. Standing on that podium, they should be  proud of their hard work that earned them that place, the honor of  wearing our flag's colors at the Games. But no athlete--no athlete-- whether an amateur athlete or an Olympian, should have to endure abuse  and mistreatment to pursue the sport they love.   Were it not for the pandemic, hundreds of our athletes would have  been in Tokyo right now representing the United States of America at  the Olympics. Even though our athletes are unable to compete today, we  owe it to them to create for future athletes and future competitors a  safe place in which to compete.   Today's passage of S. 2330 marks a step toward providing effective  safeguards and protection to Olympic, Paralympic, and amateur athletes  across the Nation.   On January 25, 2018, the day after Dr. Larry Nassar was sentenced to  life in prison, as chairman of the Commerce Subcommittee on  Manufacturing, Trade, and Consumer Protection, with jurisdiction and  oversight over the health and safety of amateur athletes, I opened an  investigation with my ranking member, Senator Blumenthal, into how the  U.S. Gymnastics, the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Committee, and  Michigan State University allowed girls and young women to be assaulted  and abused over two decades.   Nassar was ultimately sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for his  heinous crimes, but the fight to overhaul a system that had allowed him  to evade justice and accountability was far, far from over.   Over the next 18 months, we conducted hundreds of interviews with  athlete survivors, reviewed over 70,000 pages of documents, and held 4  subcommittee hearings, including listening to the horrific stories from  survivors, issuing subpoenas to leaders who failed these athletes,  watching those who were charged to protect them plead the Fifth, and  even referring witnesses to the Justice Department for failure to tell  the truth.   Senator Blumenthal and I stood in the Russell Senate Office Building  with more than 80 courageous survivors of abuse. Some of these women  had been assaulted by Nassar while competing at the Olympics, some  while training with the national team, others while attending Michigan  State. One by one, they told us the organizations that were supposed to  protect them had failed them.   One person's abuse is too much, but the question asked that day by  one of the athletes was, Why was there more than one? That question has  stayed with me since it was spoken. Not only do we condemn the abuse,  but we condemn those who allowed it to continue, who failed in their  responsibilities as human beings as well as in their professional  capacities to care for and protect these young men and women.   The bipartisan effort of Senator Blumenthal and I culminated in  production of a comprehensive investigative report which is this  document here--a significant work for a serious challenge. It also  resulted in S. 2330, the Empowering Olympic, Paralympic, and Amateur  Athletes Act, the bill we are on today.   This legislation is intended to strengthen legal liabilities and  accountability mechanisms in the governance structure of the Olympics  organizations, restore a culture that puts athletes first through clear  procedures and reporting requirements, and fortify the independence and  capabilities of the U.S. Center for SafeSport through dependable  funding and oversight.   During the November 13, 2019, markup of this legislation, the Senate  Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, our colleagues  provided thoughtful input through amendments to strengthen this  legislation. As such, I take this moment to thank my colleagues-- Senator Cantwell, Senator Peters, Senator Grassley, and Senator Thune-- for their efforts in improving the legislation to put us in the  position that we are in today.   I specifically thank Senator Lee for his input in the markup and his  continued contribution to the legislation to improve the processes  governed by the bill. Additionally, Senator Gardner's leadership on  this legislation was paramount to S. 2330's successful passage just a  few moments ago. Senator Gardner's own legislation to establish a  commission to study the broader issues within the Olympic and  Paralympic movements strengthens our ability to guide future oversight  efforts. Senator Gardner's support for this package was critical.   I would be remiss not to thank Senator Wicker, the chairman of the  full committee, for his continued support as the jurisdictional  chairman of the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee  from the early stages of this effort, and the support of his  predecessor, Senator Thune, then the chairman of the Commerce  Committee, who was fundamental in this effort gaining the momentum it  needed to get us to the point we are at now.   Finally, this entire effort would not have been possible if not for  the tireless and thorough work of Senator Blumenthal and his staff.  Serving as chairman and ranking member of the same Commerce  subcommittee has allowed us to work on a number of important issues and  legislative items together, but I can honestly say this effort could  very well be one of the most important bipartisan efforts and pieces of  legislation resulting therefrom that I have been a part of as a U.S.  Senator. I thank Senator Blumenthal for his leadership and his team's  efforts, again, to see that these survivors' answers could be attained  and their safety protected in the future.   Most importantly, if there is anyone who deserves thanks and  gratitude, it is the athletes and survivors for their exceptional  bravery--the bravery they demonstrated through their willingness to  share their stories, to tell what happened to them, to talk to us and  to talk to the rest of the world. This legislation and the prior  investigation are only possible because of the hundreds of courageous  and selfless survivors who spoke out against abuse, shared their  stories, and offered input on how we can create change to make certain  all future athletes can participate in the sports they love without  fear of abuse.   I especially want to recognize the athletes who we worked with and  who shared their circumstances with us during our committee hearings  and in a number of meetings and phone calls over 2\1/2\ years: Jordyn  Wieber, Jamie Dantzscher, Aly Raisman, McKayla Maroney, Maggie Nichols,  Rachael Denhollander, Jeanette Antolin, Emily Goetz, Jessica Howard,  Sarah Klein, Kaylee Lorincz, Morgan McCaul, Hannah Morrow, Bridie  Farrell, and Craig Maurizi.   We told these survivors that while powerful institutions had failed  them in the past, we--our subcommittee, the committee, and the Senate-- were not going to. I would also like to thank the staff and individuals  who have advocated for our athletes.   On my staff: George Redden, Matthew Beccio, Tom Bush, Mark Crowley,  Conor McGrath, Morgan Said, Trent Kennedy, Angela Lingg, Miranda Moore,  and Thomas Brandt.   On Senator Wicker's staff: Olivia Trusty, Chapin Gregor, Tyler  Levins, Crystal Tully, and John Keast.   And on Senator Thune's staff: Peter Feldman, Jason Van Beek, and Nick  Rossi.   Despite the Olympics being postponed and everything that is going on  around the world today, I am grateful that we were able to deliver good  news and take this step today. We are not done. We intend to keep that  promise and get this bill across the finish line.   We now will continue to work with our colleagues in the House of  Representatives and the White House to ensure the timely consideration  and enactment of the Empowering Olympic, Paralympic, and Amateur  Athletes Act of 2020. One is too many, but why was there ever more than  one? May we never have to ask that question again and may there never  be one in the first place   I yield to the ranking member, the Senator from Connecticut.    Mr. President, I would like to recognize the efforts of  Senator Collins, the Senator from Maine, her substantive and persistent  endeavors throughout our process to see that a just and right result  occurs.   I yield to the Senator from Maine.   