 Madam President, I do want to say that we are here at  a time when the Republican Party is jamming yet another nominee through  bizarre procedural practices onto the Supreme Court.   We have examined in the Judiciary Committee some of the ways in which  the funding for that operation flows from big anonymous donors who use  the Federalist Society as a conduit to buy a seat at the table where  our Supreme Court Justices are selected, and then, with contributions  as big as $17 million, pays for campaign ads for the nominee who has  been selected and then sends an entire flotilla of front groups in an  orchestrated chorus to go and argue together before the Supreme Court  as if they were different.   What I want to say today is that we have been looking at this  captured court problem for a while, and we are releasing this ``What's  at Stake'' report on what it means for climate and the environment  because who is behind the scheme to capture the court are primarily the  big polluters who want protection from courts that will be friendly to  their interests.   I will speak more about this and about why they are willing to spend  [[Page S6316]]  what the Washington Post has calculated as $250 million in dark money  to affect this court-capture operation. What is the payback for them?   I am here for this episode of my ``Time to Wake Up'' series, which  has an interesting overlay with what is happening in the Senate because  we are considering the nomination of Judge Barrett to go on the Supreme  Court. Her nomination completes a series of three nominations to the  Supreme Court consecutively, each of which has been distinguished by  extremely unusual procedural maneuvering and even rule-breaking within  the Senate and the Judiciary Committee to get those nominations pushed  through. So we have been looking for some time at what the motivation  is behind all of that pressure and what the explanation is for all of  those bizarre procedural anomalies that we see over and over and over  again.   As I described in the Judiciary hearing, what we see is an operation  that has brought big, anonymous special interests to the table, where  Justices are selected by virtue of their writing big checks. The  vehicle for this has been the Federalist Society, which has a fine role  on college campuses as a conservative discussion and student group and  which has a relatively fine role in Washington as a think tank--as fine  as think tanks are. Yet it also has this additional role of taking  money from big special interests, not disclosing who they are, and  giving them a seat at the table when the Federalist Society is  selecting Justices, and that is wrong. There is just no doubt about  that being wrong.   Then, once the Justices are selected, guess what. Ad campaigns get  launched in support of them, and checks get written as big as $17  million to support the ad campaigns. Again, the donors are anonymous.  It is very weird. Then, finally, they get on the Court, and these  little flotillas of amici curiae--friends of the court, people who file  briefs--come into the Court by the dozen. They don't disclose it in  their briefs, but if you dig back a little bit, you will find that many  of them have common funding and that the amicus curiae performance  before the Court is an orchestrated performance--again, anonymously  funded.   So what brings that to today is that Senator Merkley has led our  effort with this report: ``What's at Stake: Climate and the  Environment. How Captured Courts Rig the System for Corporate  Polluters.''   I want to express my appreciation to Senator Merkley for his hard  work on this report and to his staff for its report. He has been joined  by me, Tom Udall, Debbie Stabenow, Ed Markey, Dick Blumenthal, Sherrod  Brown, Brian Schatz, and Martin Heinrich. We are proud of this work.  This is one of seven follow-on reports to our original Captured Courts  report.   One of the things that I pointed out when I was discussing this in  the Judiciary Committee was that the Washington Post's investigation  into this scheme, which was a fairly robust investigation; I have to  give it good marks--tallied up the amount of anonymous money that it  could connect to the network of groups that is performing this scheme  at $250 million. This $250 million is a lot of money. A quarter of a  billion dollars is a lot of money. I have people say: No. No. It  couldn't possibly be true that they have spent $250 million on this  effort to capture the Court. Who spends that kind of money?   So I want to walk through an example of how this money gets paid back  after it is spent, and I will use just one example, one case.   Back in the Obama administration, in order to deal with climate  change, the Environmental Protection Agency created a Clean Power Plan  to allow different States to set targets for themselves and try to meet  those emissions reductions targets. That was challenged in court.   The case went to the Supreme Court, where 5 to 4, with what I call  the Roberts Five--no Democrat but the Republican appointees who are  actively engaged in this process--did something very unusual. They  granted what is called an interlocutory stay. Interlocutory stays are  virtually unheard of. In fact, I believe this was actually the first.   So objecting States--primarily States with fossil fuel industries-- went to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. They objected to this and  asked for a stay, and the DC Circuit said: No. You can appeal the rule,  but go through the ordinary process. We are not going to stay it.   They then went running up to the Supreme Court, where the five  Republican appointees granted the stay. Again, I don't think that had  ever happened before, an interlocutory stay.   So let's do a little bit of math about just that one decision. Let's  start with the International Monetary Fund, which is not a green  organization by anybody's likes, I don't think, but it is pretty good  at financial analysis, and it has come up with a number. In the United  States alone--just in the United States--the fossil fuel industry  enjoys an annual subsidy of $600 billion with a ``b.'' That is the  IMF's calculation. It is actually a little bit north of that, but I  have rounded it to 600 for these purposes, primarily because the  industry gets away with not paying for what economists call its  negative externalities. They get to pollute for free, and, basically,  that is a violation of every rule of market economics.   I do not care how conservative the economist is that you go to. The  conservative heroes of economics from the Chicago school have said:  Yes, when it is pollution, it should be charged to the polluter and  should be baked into the price of the product; otherwise, the market is  failing, and you have a subsidy.   So a $600 billion subsidy every year, and the Clean Power Plan case  was in 2016. It was in February of 2016. It is now October of 2020, so  more than 4 years have passed. But, again, let me just round it down,  and let's say that it has been 4 years. Four years at $600 billion a  year is $2.4 trillion--$2.4 trillion.   Let's assume that the Clean Power Plan, had it been implemented,  would have reduced the $600 billion annual subsidy. Let's be really,  really, really, really conservative, and let's assume that the effect  the Clean Power Plan would have had on the fossil fuel industry would  have been to reduce that by 1 percent--just 1 percent. So over those 4  years, that $2.4 trillion would have been reduced to one one-hundredth  of that. One one-hundredth of $2.4 trillion is $24 billion. Now, I  think the Clean Power Plan would have had a lot more of an effect on  this calculation, as companies had to clean up their act, than 1  percent, but I am taking a really low number just to make the point.   Six hundred billion is a little bit low, 4 years is a little bit low,  and 1 percent is probably very low, but when you put it together, the  mathematics gets you to $24 billion that the industry saved by being  able to go to this court and have it do the unusual thing--the  unprecedented thing--of putting a stay on the Environmental Protection  Agency.   So if you are comparing--remember where we started on this was how  shocking it was that somebody might spend $250 million in dark money to  produce a court that would do unprecedented things like stay the  regulation? Well, you do $250 million into $24 billion, it is a 100-to- 1 return on your investment. Put in a penny, get back dollar. Put in a  dollar, get back 100 bucks. Put in $250 million, get back $24 billion.   That is assuming this is the only case in which this mattered. As I  have pointed out from this desk over and over again, we are now up to  80 cases in which, on a 5-to-4 basis, with a partisan makeup to the 5- to-4 and with a big Republican donor interest at stake, the court has  ruled for the big Republican donor interest 80 times. The score is 80  to 0, to be clear. So this is just one of those 80--a big one, mind  you. A big one. These are big bucks that are involved but just 1 of  those 80.   So don't be surprised when the Washington Post reports that big, big,  big corporate interests are willing to put $250 million into a scheme  to pack the courts with judges who will make the ``right'' decision for  the big corporate interests--not once, not twice, not 10 times, but 80  times--because just that one decision alone paid back the whole $250  million 99 times more. That is what we are up against, and that is why  I am so determined to get to the bottom of what is going on, because  everybody going into that Supreme Court has a right to an honest  decision. Everybody has a right to a court that is deciding cases on  their true merits and not because of ``conservative activists'  [[Page S6317]]  behind-the-scenes campaign to remake the nation's courts in a way that  makes people who give $250 million in dark money the big winners.''   Madam President, at this point, I yield to my wonderful colleague  Senator Merkley, and thank him for his leadership on the ``What's at  Stake: Climate and the Environment'' report that we are speaking about  today.    Go ahead, Senator. I just wanted to see if we are  going into the vote now, and, if so, whatever procedural steps you  needed to take us into the vote, but I yield to the Senator from Maine.    Mr. President, I had the chance to hear Chairman  Inhofe's remarks. I speak for many of us when I offer my appreciation  for his chairmanship of the Armed Services Committee, for his  commitment to our troops, and, in my case, particularly, for the great  way he works with my senior Senator, Jack Reed, who is the ranking  member on that committee, in order to get all of this work done. While  he may have bragging rights over airbases in Oklahoma, Rhode Island has  bragging rights on submarine construction, and it is very important to  us. So I offer my appreciation to the chairman for all of his support  for the submarine program that has meant so much to our Nation's  security and to Rhode Island.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   