 Mr. Speaker, let me take this opportunity to thank Mr.  Engel for his incredible service, not only to this Nation, but to the  world.   Mr. Engel has been a champion for human rights, for diplomacy, and  for all things good. This institution is a better place because he has  served here. There are countless people around the world who are safe  because of his advocacy on their behalf when they have been unjustly  imprisoned or targeted unjustly. I want him to know how much I admire  him and how much I appreciate his service.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 189, introduced by  my good friend and colleague, Congressman Roger Marshall, and me, in  support of U.S. leadership and USAID's commitment to advancing global  maternal and child nutrition.   I am very proud that this bill has 154 cosponsors, which is a strong  statement of support for continuing U.S. leadership.   I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate  Congressman Marshall on moving on to the Senate next year. I hope we  will continue our bipartisan partnership to ending hunger here at home  and around the world. He has been a valuable member of the House Hunger  Caucus. In case he doesn't already know it, there is a similar caucus  over in the Senate.   Mr. Speaker, the world has made impressive progress on improving  nutrition in the past decade, thanks in part to strong U.S. leadership  and a bipartisan commitment here in Congress to address these issues.  The COVID-19 pandemic threatens to reverse all of the world's hard-won  nutrition gains and leave an entire generation in danger of being  seriously mentally, emotionally, and physically impaired.   In a world where we produce enough food to feed everyone, 821 million  people, 1 in 9, still go to bed on an empty stomach each night. Even  more, one in three, suffer from some form of malnutrition. Based on  current trends, this number is set to rise to one in every two by 2025.   Eradicating hunger and malnutrition is surely one of the great  challenges of our time. Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the world  risks backsliding even more on nutrition.   In July, The Lancet published an article with estimates showing that  wasting among malnourished children could rise by 14.3 percent if we do  not act now. This would translate to an estimated additional 6.7  million wasted children during the first 12 months of the pandemic and  more than 10,000 additional child deaths per month during this same  period.   According to the World Health Organization, 52 percent of the world's  nations have reported disruptions in health and nutrition services for  sick and malnourished children.   But there is always hope, Mr. Speaker, to change the course of these  trends.   We are in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic and the U.N. Decade of  Action on Nutrition, 2016 to 2025. This gives us a historic opportunity  to adapt, reimagine, and invest more in the fight against child and  maternal malnutrition.   H. Res. 189 recognizes the importance of these challenges and the  need for continued U.S. leadership. The resolution urges USAID to fully  implement the multi-sectoral nutrition strategy to improve global  nutrition.   I am sure that I speak for all of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle that we all support strengthening U.S. efforts to protect women  and children from malnutrition and related deaths.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H. Res. 189 on  global nutrition.   