 Madam President, the Senate today meets for a rare New  Year's Eve session for one reason and one reason only: The Republican  leader has refused to allow us to vote on legislation to provide the  American people $2,000 checks. He has twice objected to my requests to  set a time for a vote on the measure, claiming yesterday that direct  stimulus checks were ``poorly targeted,'' bemoaning the idea that some  of these checks might go into ``the hands of Democrats' rich friends  who don't need the help.'' Senator Toomey said much the same thing.   Well, funny, I don't remember the Republican leader and Senator  Toomey complaining about how a $2 trillion across-the-board corporate  tax cut was ``poorly targeted'' because some large companies didn't  need the help. No, when corporations get a blanket tax break, that is  fine by the Republican majority. When the average American gets a  little help from their government, it is ``poorly targeted.''   I hope that every American heard the objections by these Republican  Senators. I hope every American who has their water or heat or  electricity shut off or had eviction notices stapled on top of one  another to their door or had to choose which meal to skip on a given  day--I hope they all heard the reason they will not receive $2,000  checks is because Leader McConnell thinks it could wind up in the hands  of ``Democrats' rich friends.''   Let's be very clear. There is one way and only one way to pass $2,000  checks before the end of the year, and that is to pass the House bill.  It is the only way to get the American people the $2,000 checks they  need and deserve.   The House is gone for the session. Any modification or addition to  the House bill can't become law. Either the Senate takes up and passes  the House bill or struggling Americans will not get $2,000 checks  during the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.   Leader McConnell knows this. So he has said that the Senate can only  vote on a bill that combines the checks with other unrelated partisan  policies: a repeal of section 230 and an investigation into the  President's dishonest and bogus claims of election fraud.   The Republican leader claims that President Trump insists that all  three issues must be addressed in one bill, but, of course, the  President has made no such demand. President Trump couldn't care less  about how the bills are packaged in Congress.   So the Republican leader has invented an excuse to prevent a clean,  up-or-down, yes-or-no vote on $2,000 checks from coming to the floor.  This maneuver to combine all three issues is intended to kill the  possibility of $2,000 checks ever becoming law.   Just to prove it, let me make this offer to the Republican majority.  We are willing to vote on the other issues that President Trump  mentioned--all the issues the Republican leader says must be  addressed--so long as we vote on them separately. That way, $2,000  checks could become law, and we could debate all the President's  supposed concerns.   We can vote on setting up a commission to look at the President's  roundly rejected claims of voter fraud. We would also have the  commission look at voter suppression and gerrymandering. That is  completely unrelated to helping Americans pay their bills, but we are  willing to take a look at the whole picture. Just give us a vote on the  House-passed bill so we can get help now for people who desperately  need it.   Heck, we can also have a vote on repealing 230. We can do it today.  We will use Leader McConnell's exact language. He wouldn't agree to  that because he knows his caucus wouldn't actually support such an act.  Unlike the President, some Members of this body understand what 230  means. They understand that section 230, which certainly needs change,  actually enables the President to spew his lies.   We all know the 117th Congress will have to take a close look at the  relationship between liability and reckless speech on the internet. But  if Leader McConnell wants a vote on these issues, we are here for it.  Just give us a vote on the House-passed bill, and we can vote on  whatever rightwing conspiracy theory you would like.   We can even vote to set up a special blue-ribbon commission to  determine whether Georgia's secretary of State has a brother named Ron,  if that would make our Republican friends happy.   Just don't let these conspiracy theories and Presidential fantasies  get in the way of helping actual people--people whose livelihoods have  been torn apart by this pandemic, people whose lives have been torn  apart by the administration's mismanagement of this pandemic, people  who need just a little direct assistance.   The President's term, thankfully, will end in 20 days. It is a term  that has been marked by hate and division and turmoil. He has so far  used his term to enrich himself and the wealthy.   Let's close out the term on a good note. For once, he wants to help  regular people, to give Americans a leg up. Let's allow him to do that.   We have a chance at the end of this painful year to give Americans a  reason to have some hope in 2021. The only  [[Page S7987]]  thing standing in the way is the Republican Senate majority. In a  moment, I will, once again, ask consent that the Senate set a time for  a vote on the House bill to provide $2,000 checks to the American  people. Remember, the Democrats are willing to vote on all of the other  issues that the Republicans say the President supposedly cares about.  Just let us vote on a clean bill with the $2,000 checks.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 645, H.R. 9051, a bill to  increase the recovery rebate amounts to $2,000 for individuals; that  the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage; and that  if passed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate.   