 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Foreign Relations be discharged from further consideration and the  Senate now proceed to S. Res. 579.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Lee-Durbin  substitute amendment to the resolution be considered and agreed to;  that the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; that the Lee-Durbin  amendment to the preamble be considered and agreed to; that the  preamble, as amended, be agreed to; that the Lee-Durbin amendment to  the title be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I am going to just take a quick moment  here to thank both my colleague from Missouri and my colleague from  Maryland for their leadership on this extremely important issue.   In the interest of time, I will not reiterate the many very, very  compelling reasons that we are here on the floor right now. The Senator  from Missouri has done an outstanding job eloquently and passionately  explaining why it is our responsibility to stand up for the freedom of  a freedom-loving people whose freedom is seriously eroded,  systematically being damaged, and that is, of course, the people of  Hong Kong.   I had the great experience of living in Hong Kong for a year,  learning so much about that society, that culture. The vibrancy of Hong  Kong is just absolutely stunning. And it is all possible--let's be  clear--because freedom has prevailed in Hong Kong--or at least it used  to--freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, freedom to practice their  faith as they see fit, an independent judiciary, and the rule of law.  All of that is very, very seriously threatened right now by the Chinese  Communist Party because their greatest fear is that the people on the  mainland will observe the freedoms in Hong Kong and decide maybe they  would like some of those freedoms too. That is the risk that the  Chinese Communist leadership cannot tolerate.   I want to commend my colleague from Missouri for putting a spotlight  on this, bringing our action, and calling on the Senate to defend the  people who seek only their freedom.   I really want to thank very much my colleague from Maryland. As he  pointed out, we have been partners on legislation in the past. Nobody  works harder to get their objective accomplished than my colleague from  Maryland.   Our legislation, which I think is about to pass jointly with the  resolution--I think we are going to have a unanimous consent agreement  whereby both measures pass simultaneously. I think that is the optimal  outcome here.   I want to thank the folks at the Department of the Treasury, with  whom we worked extensively to get to the point where they are in  agreement with this legislation.   I certainly hope that, after this big step of passage here on the  Senate floor today, this legislation--both pieces: the resolution and  the sanctions legislation--will soon be on its way to the President's  desk for his signature.   With that, I yield back to the gentleman from Maryland.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I think  it is worth reminding my colleagues exactly what the Ex-Im Bank is all  about. What this is, then, is a Bank by which taxpayers are required to  subsidize big corporations. That is what Ex-Im Bank is.   The precise way that it works, though, is to provide the subsidy  directly to foreign entities--often state-owned entities, often Chinese  state-owned entities--when they buy an American product, when they buy  an American export. The Ex-Im Bank is in the business of forcing  taxpayers to subsidize foreign, often state-owned, entities buying  American products. I object to that activity and so do many of my  Republican colleagues.   This is a controversial entity. It is a controversial idea that we  would expand the population on the Board because doing so diminishes  the likelihood that they might be at a point, at some point in the  future, where they would not have a quorum.   My own view is that what we ought to be doing is having a mutual  negotiation with our trading partners to phase out all of these export  subsidy banks all around the world. And, unfortunately, neither this  administration nor the previous administration has had any interest in  pursuing that.   In the meantime, I have asked for improvements in the operations of  the Export-Import Bank--operations such as transparency and controlling  taxpayer risk and the extent to which it crowds out private financing  and other areas. I will say that I appreciate Ex-Im Bank President  Reed's efforts in these areas, but there is a long way to go. It  doesn't solve the fundamental problem, which is the mission of the  Bank.   The defenders of Ex-Im will sometimes argue that Ex-Im Bank--the  subsidy that taxpayers are required to provide to foreign purchasers-- is essential for our exports, that we need it and jobs depend on it. It  is interesting because we have a controlled experiment that addresses  that question directly. From 2015 through the early part of 2019, the  Ex-Im Bank didn't have a quorum, so it could not legally engage in  large-scale transactions. It couldn't do anything, and they didn't.   You have a period of about 4 years, and during that time, the volume  of financing--the volume of transactions that Ex-Im Bank was doing-- dropped by about 80 percent. That is huge. The Ex-Im Bank for several  years was a shadow of its former self.   What happened to American exports during the time when the Ex-Im Bank  was basically out of business? I will tell you what happened. American  exports grew and hit an all-time record high in 2018. That is what  happened. The fact is, Americans make great products, and we can sell  them overseas without having to subsidize the buyer. Buyers and sellers  arranged private financing. There are lots of banks and institutions  that are in the business of providing this financing. Taxpayers  shouldn't have to subsidize it. The proof is in the pudding. When Ex-Im  Bank was effectively closed, American exports grew and hit an alltime  record high.    It is also a fact that when the Ex-Im Bank gets into the business of  subsidizing some, it inevitably does damage to others. There was a case  wherein the Ex-Im subsidies created a competitive advantage for Air  India that cost  [[Page S3293]]  jobs at Delta Air Lines because the two competed directly on routes.  The Air India route was subsidized by virtue of the Ex-Im subsidy, of  its acquisition of planes, and Delta didn't get that subsidy. According  to the CEO, who testified before the House, just that one deal cost  1,000 jobs at Delta.   I have a substantive objection here. I have an objection to this  institution's mission, and growing its Board is part of advancing that  mission. I have to say that this is in contrast to the obstruction that  we are seeing from our Democratic colleagues with respect to nominees  about whom they often have no objection at all.   The fact is, there has been a mission on the part of many of my  Democratic colleagues to just block President Trump's nominees just  because they are President Trump's. In fact, President Trump's nominees  have had to undergo the delaying tactic of the cloture vote--a  procedural vote that is designed to just chew up time and prevent us  from functioning.   In the first year of his Presidency, there were over 300. That is  more than the cumulative number of these delaying tactics for the first  terms of his four predecessors, and it continues. In fact, earlier this  year alone, we had our Democratic colleagues force this delaying  tactic--this cloture vote--on judges, and then they voted for them,  some of whom were confirmed unanimously. District Judge Silvia Carreno- Coll was forced to go through the delaying tactic and was then  confirmed 96 to 0. There was a cloture vote--a delaying vote--on Robert  Anthony Molloy to be a U.S. district judge, who was then confirmed 97  to 0.   There were still 68 reported nominees on the Executive Calendar as of  yesterday. There are 13 of these nominations that are over 12 months  old, and many of them are nominees about whom there is no objection.   With this case, there is an objection. It is a substantive objection  to providing a cushion to a quorum of a bank with whose mission I  disagree. If people want to go through the process of bringing this to  the floor and filing cloture, it can be processed, but this isn't the  way to do it.   So I object.   