 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy  in permitting me to speak on this, as I applaud his leadership.   Under his leadership, the Ways and Means Committee has been in the  middle of the recovery efforts. There are many of these elements that  we are proud of, but none is more significant than what we are doing  here today to strengthen the opportunities for childcare.   I hear my friends on the other side of the aisle lament the fact that  they feel, well, this is not going to go anywhere; they would like to  work with us. Well, work with us. The Senate is moving in our  direction, as they have with the major package. If you would come work  with us, move this forward, we would be able to accomplish it.  [[Page H3919]]    Putting at risk half our childcare slots is unacceptable. This is  essential if we are going to recover, protect our families, move  forward. Childcare is an essential service for workers today, for  families tomorrow, for children for generations to come.   I am proud to lend my support. I appreciate what our Ways and Means  Committee has done, and I anticipate we have got more in store.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for convening our  Committee on Ways and Means' family.   It was a bittersweet moment this morning as we gathered outside the  Capitol saying good-bye to John. His visits to Portland touched  thousands of people, and I heard so much about them. He was not just a  civil rights icon and a tremendous human being and an inspiration, he  was a moral compass of our Committee on Ways and Means. He was the  living, breathing manifestation of policy that impacts every family in  America, not just merely numbers and dry policy, but things that  matter.   Too seldom does the consideration of everyday citizens--especially  the poor, the weak, and the disadvantaged--get the same attention as  the rich and powerful and well-connected. Well, that is not the fault  of John Lewis. And I would hope that all of us here who are celebrating  his life, would be inspired by his deeds, by his life's work.   As John would say, ``not just our words, but our deeds.'' And I hope  our moral compass of the Committee on Ways and Means will guide us as  we move forward to give the American people the policies that John  would have expected.   