 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his leadership on this very important topic.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 823, which condemns  the Iranian Government's persecution of the Baha'i minority. As an  original cosponsor of this measure myself, I thank Mr. Deutch and Mr.  Wilson for their work to bring it to the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, as a former chairman of the Subcommittee on the Middle  East, North Africa and International Terrorism myself, I have long  observed how the Iranian Government has repressed its own people,  stifled their voices and their freedoms, and systematically abused  human rights. Nowhere is this more evident than in the mullahs'  persecution of members of the Baha'i faith.   Mr. Speaker, since the Iranian Revolution, Iran has executed hundreds  of Baha'is, while 10,000 Baha'is have been dismissed from their jobs,  and a number of their holy sites have been desecrated. Baha'is also  have seen their homes and businesses raided, their children prohibited  from attending college, and their property confiscated. This cruel  persecution comes despite the fact that Iran has nothing to fear from  the Baha'i. The Baha'i faith espouses the values of peace and unity,  cooperation, education, interfaith harmony, and an end to prejudice.  Wherever Baha'is live, they strive to be good citizens, devoted to  service and universal respect for all people.   Mr. Speaker, this includes here in the United States. Since arriving  over 120 years ago, members of the Baha'i faith  [[Page H6869]]  have established themselves as patriotic and productive citizens in all  50 States. I want to specifically honor the Baha'i community in my  community in Cincinnati. One of their churches is about a mile down the  street from my home, and I have had the opportunity to meet their  representatives several times and come to learn how they have enriched  our city of Cincinnati back home.   With these values and contributions in mind, the Iranian persecution  of the Baha'i is clearly barbaric and shows the true nature of that  wicked regime in Iran.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me and join others on both  sides of the aisle in condemning the persecution by supporting this  resolution.   