 Mr. Speaker, as a Member from the heart of  America's transportation network, Chicago, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 2, the Moving Forward Act, and I thank our chairman for a great  job.   This bill produces needed investment in our Nation's infrastructure,  from housing to broadband to transportation.   As a founding member of the Future of Transportation Caucus, I am  fighting to ensure that we make bold reforms to the status quo and  ensure that we recognize transportation policy as the social justice  issue that it is.   For too long, we have starved Black and Latino communities from  opportunities and segregated communities with train tracks, boulevards,  and highways. This bill promotes equity by  [[Page H2931]]  adopting sustainable technologies, prioritizing maintenance and repair,  and investing in transit, pedestrian, and bike access.    This bill includes my top priorities. It makes transit-oriented  development more equitable. It improves access to jobs and services and  increases training for our frontline transit workers.   Congress must pass H.R. 2 and give Americans the 21st century  infrastructure that we need.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman DeFazio for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of amendment 293, which ensures that  we study the safety of automated vehicles and that we also study their  environmental effects.   H.R. 2 requires us to study transformative technology--in this case,  autonomous vehicles--to make sure that it is implemented safely and  that we understand its impact on jobs.   My amendment makes sure that we study air quality and climate and  energy consumption effects from automated vehicles, because any  equitable investment in transportation requires protecting air quality  and advancing climate solutions for all communities.   I thank my cosponsor, Representative Schakowsky, and supporting  organizations like the Environmental Law and Policy Center, the Natural  Resources Defense Council, and the League of Conservation Voters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Lipinski for  yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of amendment No. 274, which protects  transportation workers during the COVID pandemic, including the many  who worked in Chicago. I thank my cosponsors: Carbajal, Lynch,  Pressley, Ocasio-Cortez, and Jayapal.   Mr. Speaker, voluntary adoption of CDC guidelines just won't cut it.  Reports we have and continue to receive from workers in the  transportation sector make this clear: Frontline workers, many Black  and Brown, are getting sick at alarming rates.   My amendment expands protections to more frontline employees,  including maritime, freight rail, motorcoach, and longshore workers. It  also requires passengers on all modes to wear a mask to protect  themselves, employees, and the traveling public. Finally, it would hold  employers accountable for failing to provide proper protective gear for  transport workers.   This amendment is supported by our friends in labor, including AFL- CIO's Transportation Trades Department, the Teamsters, our pilots,  Electrical Workers, Transportation Workers Union, train workers, Sheet  Metal Workers, and many others.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill.   