 I thank the gentleman for yielding, Madam Speaker.   Madam Speaker, the Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP as many of us  refer to it, has been shut down now for over 50 days. That is nearly 2  months that small businesses have been unable to access approximately  $137 billion that still remains in the program that was supposed to go  for their relief.   Small businesses and their workers need our help. Small businesses  employ nearly half of the workers in this Nation, one out of two. Think  of that. One out of every two people employed in this Nation works for  one of America's small businesses. Not only do they represent millions  of workers, but they also are the Nation's job creators. They create  approximately two out of every three new jobs in America.   Of course, these aren't just statistics. One example of an  outstanding small business owner is Lacie Sims. Recently, I had the  opportunity to visit Lacie's business, the Village Family Restaurant,  in Waynesville, Ohio, back in my district.   Lacie spoke with me about how she used the Paycheck Protection  Program to keep her 25 workers employed so that they could continue to  serve the community and, most importantly, continue to support their  families. Lacie went on to tell me about how she quickly adapted her  business to accommodate pickup, delivery, and safe indoor dining.   Like Lacie, many small business owners have adapted and persevered  through the pandemic. Unfortunately, COVID-19 continues to challenge  their very existence.   Now is the time for us to act, and we have an option before us here  today. If we defeat today's previous question, we can move directly to  my legislation to reopen the Paycheck Protection Program, the PPP  program. H.R. 8265 would provide targeted assistance to small  businesses that truly need the Federal Government's help.   This legislation gives small businesses the opportunity to receive a  second PPP if they can demonstrate a significant revenue reduction or a  first-round loan if they didn't get one the first time. Additionally,  it adds more flexibility in how the PPP dollars can be spent and still  be eligible for loan forgiveness.   Many small businesses are still struggling across this country. We  need to act now to help these small businesses, the people that they  employ, and the families that they, in turn, support.   Let's defeat the previous question and restart the Paycheck  Protection Program. The Nation's economy is at stake. We still have  $137 billion sitting there that was intended to go to these small  businesses. We don't have to allocate any more funding. The funding is  there.   Now, my Democratic colleagues have said that they are for small  business. This is the time not just to talk the talk but to walk the  walk. You get two opportunities, Madam Speaker, you can vote against  this previous question or you can sign the discharge petition. Either  one of them gives us another vote.   Let's save these small businesses.   