 Mr. Speaker, for lawmakers to encourage and enable  innovative advancements that can improve the security and reliability  of our Nation's energy grid, we must work on a bipartisan basis, as the  bills under consideration show.   Fortunately, the modernization and innovation of our Nation's energy  infrastructure is already under way. What was once a one-way delivery  system has evolved into a dynamic network where information and energy  flow both ways.   Technological advancements are also born from the need to secure the  energy grid against potential physical and cyber threats. For example,  the technology allowing for the rerouting of power and quick response  in the event of attacks is being deployed across the grid.   The cooperation among Federal, State, and local governments is  essential to protecting Americans and our  [[Page H4969]]  Nation's infrastructure. Given today's cyber environment, it is more  important than ever that Congress pursue policies that continue to  foster these exciting developments and support our grid infrastructure.   This bill, the Cyber Sense Act of 2019, makes important headway in  protecting our critical grid infrastructure. The Cyber Sense Act would  create a voluntary program through the Department of Energy to identify  cyber-secure products intended for use in the bulk-power grid through a  testing and verification program.   The bill also establishes a testing process for products, along with  a reporting process for cyber vulnerabilities. It would require the  Secretary of Energy to keep a related database on the products which  will aid electric utilities that are evaluating products and their  potential to cause harm to the electric grid.   The bulk-power system supports American industry and provides all the  benefits of reliable electric power to the American people. However,  the increasing frequency of cyberattacks on industrial control systems  of critical infrastructure importance continues to be a concern to the  electric power sector.   As the grid is modernized and the digital advantages afforded by  internet connectivity are adopted, it is essential that we ensure these  systems are as secure as possible. Any vulnerable component in the grid  is a threat to our security, and this bill will go a long way to  strengthening our system.   I thank my colleague, Mr. Latta, for his partnership in our efforts  as co-chairs of the Grid Innovation Caucus, and I look forward to  continuing to work with him and others to ensure a more secure and  resilient grid.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   In today's cyber environment, it is more important than ever that  Congress pursue policies that continue to support our grid  infrastructure and secure it against potential physical and cyber  threats.   This is an issue I feel very passionate about, as the grid is the  backbone of our economy and touches every aspect of our lives.   Any vulnerable component is a threat to our physical and national  security, as well as our clean energy future, making it imperative that  we invest in grid modernization and security.    That is why I am proud to co-chair the bipartisan Grid Innovation  Caucus along with my good friend from across the aisle, Mr. Latta from  Ohio.   Together, we are focused on providing a forum for discussing  solutions to the many challenges facing the grid and to educate Members  of Congress and staff about the importance of the electric grid with  relation to the economy, energy security, and advanced technologies  being utilized to enhance grid capabilities.   Time is of the essence, as a recent report from the Congressional  Research Service found that our Nation's bulk-power system faces new  and evolving cybersecurity threats on a daily basis.   These cyberattacks can take multiple forms, such as a direct attack  aimed at the electric grid itself or an indirect attack aimed at other  critical infrastructure, which in turn could impact the operation of  the security of the grid.   Recent cyber threats to the electric grid, such as the Triton and  BlackEnergy attacks, have come in the form of deposits of malware on  grid industrial control system networks, which possess the capability  to damage or take over certain aspects of system control or  functionality.   In addition to this, future cyber threats to the grid are expected to  result from attacks directed via the Internet of Things devices  connected to networks. As the CRS report noted, an example of such an  IoT-based attack on residential or commercial thermostats could result  in false power demand readings, causing a utility to ramp up power  production unnecessarily.   Without proactive management of cyber threats facing the grid,  utilities across the Nation will continue to be highly vulnerable to  potentially significant attacks.   My bill, which I introduced along with Mr. Latta, assists us in this  effort to bolster America's electrical infrastructure by encouraging  coordination between the Department of Energy and electric utilities.   It accomplishes this by creating a program to enhance the physical  and cybersecurity of electric utilities through assessing security  vulnerabilities, increasing cybersecurity training, and data  collection.   My bill would also require the Interruption Cost Estimate  Calculator--which is used to calculate the return on investment on  utility investments--to be updated at least every 2 years to ensure  accurate calculations.   By encouraging partnerships among the DOE, State regulatory  authorities, industry stakeholders, and other Federal agencies to  promote and advance physical security and cybersecurity for electric  utilities, we can best position ourselves to keep the Nation's lights  on and to insulate our economy against future cyber threats.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Pallone,  for moving this bill forward, and I thank the ranking member of the  full committee for helping move this forward.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow colleagues to support this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1289, the  PHONE Act.   As we stand here today, two new, fast-moving wildfires, the Glass and  the Zogg fires, are blazing through my home State of California.  Thousands of people had to evacuate their homes yesterday as a result  of the fires, some of them in the middle of the night.   Since the beginning of this year, there have been over 8,100  wildfires that have burned well over 3.7 million acres in California  alone. Nearly every part of the State has been ravaged by wildfires  this year, and we are now only starting to approach what has  historically been the most deadly and destructive part of wildfire  season.   Worrying about deadly wildfires spreading quickly is the new norm  that my constituents now live in, and worrying about whether they will  have to evacuate their homes is part of this new norm.   Because of this legislation that we are considering today, the PHONE  Act, which I am proud to cosponsor, my constituents, Californians, and  Americans across the country who are impacted all too frequently now by  natural disasters due to climate change will have to worry about one  less thing when they are forced to evacuate their homes, and that is  the ability to keep their phone numbers.   Under this legislation, communications providers will be prohibited  from reassigning phone numbers of customers in areas covered by major  natural disasters and declared disasters for the duration of the  declaration, and that period may be extended.   The bill would also prohibit providers from assessing early  termination fees to cancel service or connection fees to resubscribe at  a new address for subscribers whose residence is inaccessible or  uninhabitable due to a major disaster.   There is so much that wildfire victims have to worry about. We need  to move quickly to ensure that the PHONE Act is signed into law, so  there is one less thing on their plate.   It may not seem like a big deal, but if you lose your home, keeping  the phone number will be an emotionally safe place. Losing your phone  number after a disaster just adds insult to injury.   I want to thank my colleague from California, Mr.   Mike Thompson,  for his work in creating this legislation. I urge my colleagues to  support this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my  legislation, H.R. 8128, the Consumer Safety Technology Act.   H.R. 8128 will encourage the use of emerging technologies,  specifically artificial intelligence and blockchain, to help keep  consumers safe, and it will aid our consumer protection agencies with  carrying out their mission.   H.R. 8128 incorporates the AI for Consumer Product Safety Act,  legislation that I authored with Representative Burgess. The provisions  direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission, CPSC, to establish a  pilot program for the agency to use AI in furtherance of the agency's  work to protect consumers from unsafe products.   For example, CPSC could use AI to more quickly and efficiently  identify consumer product hazards, such as exploding laptops that have  faulty batteries, defective USB chargers, furniture that tips over, and  unsafe infant  [[Page H4990]]  sleep products. Being able to identify these hazards more quickly will  enable the CPSC to also recall the products more quickly and, in turn,  save lives.   We have heard firsthand from the CPSC Commissioners when they  testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee that AI can  benefit the agency's work in serving the American public.   I am pleased that just 2 weeks ago, the House passed my bill, H.R.  2575, the AI in Government Act, which will help the Federal Government  increase AI adoption in a smart and responsible way. H.R. 8128 marks  another critical step in advancing this effort.   H.R. 8128 also incorporates the Blockchain Innovation Act introduced  by Representatives Soto, Guthrie, and Matsui. These provisions will  help ensure that we can use the benefits of blockchain technology to  stop scams and fraud.   Additionally, H.R. 8128 incorporates the Digital Taxonomy Act from  Representatives Soto and Davidson. These provisions will help ensure  that scammers and fraudsters don't get ahead of consumers and law  enforcement in the realm of blockchain and digital tokens.   I want to thank Representatives Burgess, Soto, Guthrie, Matsui, and  Davidson for their work on H.R. 8128 and Chairman Pallone and Ranking  Member Walden for moving this legislation through the committee.   I urge my colleagues to support it.    Madam Speaker, I thank the whip for the opportunity to  say some words here.   Madam Speaker, my first impression of John was pretty scary. It was  my first day on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and John was in the  top dais, and I was down in front, a little freshman. John looked down  on us and said: Your policies in the Democratic Party are going to cost  you your seat.   I looked back. ``Oh, geez, I hope he is not looking at me.'' He was,  but we got over it.   It is funny, when the climate change issue came up, John had a  standard practice. He would bring out this big picture of his coal mine  workers, and say: You guys, climate policy is going to cost these  people their jobs.   That is a hard argument to fight against. That is a hard argument  because you know he is fighting for his people. I know there are other  people here who are shaking their heads on that one, but I respected  that. He was fighting for the people he cared about and the people he  represented.   But there were some things John and I had in common. We both played  paddleball, and we were pretty evenly matched, so we got some good  games in there. The great thing about that is that you get to know  people who you wouldn't otherwise get to know, and that was important.  I think that is a tradition that we need to carry on.   We also both went to West Point, so we had that little bit in common,  and it was fun to talk about that.   Eventually, we started talking about policy. One day, I asked Henry  Waxman: What about   John Shimkus?   Henry said: He is a nice guy, Jerry.   Then he frowned, and he said: But he sure is conservative.   That is coming from Henry Waxman, so I don't know if that means  anything or not.   John and I started talking about nuclear waste and policy. He took me  to Yucca Mountain. It is pretty impressive, but it is totally shut  down.  [[Page H5042]]    Sorry to tell you, John, it ain't going to happen, as much as we  would like it to.   I even talked to Dean Heller about it, and Dean Heller said: Oh, John  Shimkus, people in Nevada think of him as Darth Vader.    Later, it was suggested that the Democrats and the Republicans sit  together during the State of the Union, and that is cool. John and I  sat together. I have to tell you, it is weird when the President is in  the other party, and you are sitting with that party. Everyone stands  up and cheers, and you are sitting on your hands.   We got through that. We still play paddleball occasionally.   I think as time went on, we got to be friends, and we talked a lot. I  can tell you, John has made an impression on me. He stands up for what  he believes in. We need more people like that, that have strong  beliefs. They are willing to fight for what they believe in but are  also willing to compromise and work with the other side to make  progress happen.   That is what we need in this institution. I respect John for that.   We will miss having him here, but we will find somebody else.   