 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today in Oklahoma, people are going to  work, people are going to school, people are on their job, people are  in their yard, people are on bikes, people are going for a quiet run in  beautiful weather because tomorrow is Veterans Day. We enjoy freedom  and peace today because of what those veterans have done for a very  long time.   Whatever community you are in in Oklahoma, whether you are in  Oklahoma City or in Tulsa, or in Lawton, whether you are in Guymon, or  Idabel, Altus, or Waukomis--it doesn't matter--you are going to find  drawings; you are going to find displays; you are going to find  military hardware; you are going to find memorials and monuments to  veterans who have served because across our State we remember extremely  well the sacrifice that has been made for the quietness of this day,  the ability to have an election, the ability to send our kids to  school, the ability to work hard, to fight off a virus, the ability to  invent and innovate because 1 percent of our Nation has set aside their  life to be able to guard the rest of the 99 percent of us. We in  Oklahoma could not be more grateful for the service of those women and  men over the years and currently.   As a nation, we pause on Veterans Day and remember, but I think about  veterans who don't just pause once a year to do it. It is part of who  they are. They served our Nation in the military, and they find ways to  continue to serve veterans and to serve the people around them in their  community every single day.   There are people who work at the veterans centers in Oklahoma who are  remarkable people who help veterans literally every week to be able to  work through and navigate the bureaucracy. Our office works with them  to try to get solutions and answers if they have issues with the VA or  they have issues with trying to get their medals or whatever it may be.  But these volunteers are scattered all across our State.   We have staff members today who are working in veterans facilities  scattered all over the State who are taking care of veterans who are  basically in an assisted living-type environment or in a nursing long- term care environment. Those individuals get up every single day and  love on veterans. They look them in the eye, when they are now at their  weakest moment of their life since their infancy, and say: Our Nation  still cares about you.   There are people today in Oklahoma who work on Federal housing  programs designed to help veterans who are homeless on the street to  get care, to find a place to live, and to get established. There are  people in Oklahoma today who are working with Federal programs to help  veterans who have struggled with addiction, some who didn't reacclimate  well. They are helping them right now because our Nation has not  forgotten about them.   While we grieve with those who grieve--because Veterans Day also  brings back the memory, for some families who are Gold Star families,  of the ones they have lost--we remind them again that we have not  forgotten, and we say thank you to those folks who are serving our  veterans every single day.   I also think about folks like Bob Ford, who lives in Okeene, OK. He  is working at Shawnee Milling Company and does a remarkable job just  providing for the people in the community, but he has also kept alive  the memory of fellow Vietnam veterans. In so many ways, he helps not  only the park and other places to remember, but he also makes sure on  Veterans Day that there are speakers in local schools and that someone  is retelling the message. He is the one in the community who is always  making sure there is a patriotic display at some point. You see, he is  a Vietnam veteran himself who is serving and working in the community  but who has also turned around said, though his uniform is not on  anymore, he wants to make sure the next generation knows what honorable  service really looks like.   There are folks like Terry Hill from Kellyville, OK, who enlisted in  the Army in 2013 as an engineer and was commissioned as an officer in  2008. He became a Black Hawk aeromedical research and maintenance test  pilot. He flew 750 combat missions in Afghanistan over multiple  deployments before he came down really, really hard one time and had a  medical discharge.   You see, for Terry, Veterans Day is not a once-a-year thing. He  founded Rapid Application Group in his home. It is an additive  manufacturing company. In fact, his is the only additive manufacturing  company that has a disabled veteran running it in the entire country.  Every Friday, he has a hashtag ``RAG Friday.'' Many of those who work  in his company are also fellow veterans. But every Friday, he reminds  everyone to watch out for fellow veterans, to watch out for issues like  possible suicide senses, to engage with those folks who have made great  sacrifices to serve our Nation, and to continue to check on them  because some of the things they have experienced and some of the  challenges they have faced leave lasting memories for them. As they  stood for our freedom and our country forgets those moments, they never  do because they have lived them firsthand. So his simple way to do RAG  Fridays every Friday and to challenge folks to not forget veterans in  your community is his way of being able to serve folks.   Again, as a nation, we have not forgotten, but we are exceptionally  grateful for those who remind us as a nation not just to remember once  a year but to stay engaged with those veterans who have given so much  and continue to give so much.   Honestly, I don't know a veteran who is not still serving. They find  ways to  [[Page S6633]]  serve each other. They find ways to serve their community because it is  in their heart, and it is deep within their soul. They have served our  Nation, and they will continue to serve our Nation. And while some need  our help, I most often hear from veterans: How can I help?   So let me just say from my heart and from my State: Thank you, again,  for serving the way that you serve. Allow us to say thank you to you  face-to-face today and to tell you once again, we have not forgotten,  and we are grateful for the sacrifice you and your family have made.   For those Gold Star families, we cannot thank you enough because  every day you remember, and you need to hear from us that so do we.   When the Israelites crossed over the Jordan, they went back into that  dry area and gathered stones. And they set those stones on the  embankment for one specific purpose.   The purpose was simple. They said: When your children walk past these  stones in the days ahead and they say ``What are those stones for?''  you are to remind them of the faithfulness of God. They were to be a  permanent reminder.   Allow Veterans Day and the military memorials all over the State  today to be a good teaching moment for our children so that when they  say ``Why is that there?'' we remind them of the freedom that we have  and the cost of that freedom and express our gratitude again to the  veterans who have served us.   I yield the floor.   