 Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Protecting  America's Wilderness Act.   This bill includes a number of worthy initiatives to expand and  protect our national heritage, and I am very pleased and grateful that  the legislation includes the Rim of the Valley Corridor Preservation  Act, a bill I have been working on for nearly 20 years.   The Rim of the Valley Corridor Preservation Act would expand the  Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area to include the lands  known as the Rim of the Valley. This includes Simi Hills, Santa Susana  Mountains, Verdugo Mountains, part of Santa Clarita, San Gabriel  Mountain foothills, the Los Angeles River, and Griffith Park, all  important green spaces in the greater Los Angeles region, one of the  park-poorest regions in the country.   By expanding the national recreation area, the National Park Service  will have the authority to make capital improvements, like repairing  hiking trails and maintaining facilities for public enjoyment, studying  wildlife and its habitats, and participating in cooperative  conservation with local landowners. It will help ensure wildlife  corridors that allow Los Angelinos to experience lions, bears, and  other precious wildlife in their own backyard.   Protecting and embracing our national spaces is very important to me  personally. I come from a hiking family. My wife, Eve, and I love to go  on hiking trips with our friends or when we can steal away during the  summer, evening hikes through Griffith Park. From time to time, I like  to run alone in the Verdugos, with a little extra pace at certain  points, knowing that one of P-22's mountain lion friends might be  watching me from the tall grass.   Last week, I asked my constituents to send some reflections about  what the Rim of the Valley means to them, along with their favorite  pictures of the natural beauty of our region, and you can see just a  sampling of the beautiful vistas that they sent behind me.   I want to say, I think my constituent Donald from Sunland put it best  when he said: ``I appreciate how the calm beauty of undeveloped nature  replenishes my spirits. Everyone, including future generations, should  be able to access unspoiled nature.''   We owe it to ourselves and our children and grandchildren to  safeguard these treasures. The Rim of the Valley Corridor Preservation  Act plays an important role in this effort.   I want to thank Chairman Grijalva and his staff for their work on  this legislation. I want to thank my colleague, Diana DeGette. I urge  all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2546.   