 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of H. Res. 754, expressing the support of the  people of Nicaragua in their peaceful effort to promote democracy and  human rights, authored by the chairman of the Western Hemisphere,  Civilian Security, and Trade Subcommittee, Mr. Sires.   Daniel Ortega and his socialist Sandinista government continue to  hold onto power through corruption, intimidation, and violence against  the people of Nicaragua.   Since his return to power in 2007, Ortega, an ally of Venezuelan  dictator Nicolas Maduro and the Castro regime in Cuba, has dismantled  Nicaragua's democratic institutions and enriched himself and his family  at the expense of the people of one of the poorest countries in the  Western Hemisphere.   In 2018, Nicaraguan security forces directed by Ortega violently  suppressed peaceful protests that led to at least 325 deaths, 2,000  injuries, and the arbitrary detention of more than 800 Nicaraguans.   Since then, Ortega has resisted calls by the international community  to restore respect for human rights in the country and pass reforms to  allow for free and fair elections.   In response, the United States imposed individual sanctions on  Nicaragua's First Lady and two of Ortega's sons. The Treasury  Department also sanctioned one of Nicaragua's main banks and, most  recently, Nicaragua's National Police for continuing to facilitate  corruption and carry out human rights violations on behalf of the  Ortega regime.   This resolution condemns the actions of the Ortega regime and  expresses full support for the freedom-loving people of Nicaragua in  their struggle for democracy and freedom from Ortega's tyranny.   This resolution also recognizes the administration's effort to  promote democracy in Nicaragua and the actions it has taken to hold  corrupt officials and human rights abusers accountable.   The United States remains committed to democracy and respect for  human rights in the Western Hemisphere, and this resolution urges the  international community in joining us in these efforts.   I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of Representative  Bass' resolution, and I want to congratulate her for doing this.   This resolution reaffirms the House's commitment to support our  Korean-American families seeking to reunite with relatives who are  trapped in North Korea. This resolution rightly observes that family  reunification is a humanitarian priority.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues to support  Representative Bass' resolution to stand with Korean Americans seeking  to reunite with family members stranded inside North Korea.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of the Eastern European Security Act,  introduced by the lead Republican of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr.    Michael McCaul. This bipartisan bill supports our NATO allies and  American jobs and is the best way to secure the NATO alliance.   The NATO alliance is essential to our national security, but it is  only as strong as its most vulnerable members. Some newer member  countries with smaller economies want to purchase American military  hardware, but such purchases are often out of reach. As a result, these  partner nations are forced to purchase less expensive and, often, less  reliable military equipment from other allies or even our strategic  competitors, Russia and China. Such purchases threaten America's  security as well as the security of the alliance.  [[Page H1547]]    This bill would give the executive branch the flexibility it needs to  help secure the sale of American military equipment to our NATO allies,  which will not only promote our national security interests but, also,  promote American jobs and bring in revenue to the treasury over the  life of the loan.   This legislation is long overdue, and I ask my colleagues to join me  in supporting this very important bipartisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Divided Families  Reunification Act introduced by Representative Meng.   The sad legacy of the Korean war is with us even today, almost 70  years after the Korean Armistice Agreement was signed. The Korean  Peninsula remains divided between a nation of free people and a nation  that subjects its people to tyranny.   The Kim regime continues to threaten the peace and security of the  region and of the world. Families remain broken, from those still  fighting to bring their loved ones' remains home, to those with family  members trapped in North Korea.   Our vibrant Korean-American community feels this legacy strongly, so  I commend Congresswoman Meng for her bill, which directs the State  Department to consult with South Korea and Korean Americans on  opportunities to reunite families separated by the DMZ.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I yield back  the balance of my time.   