 Mr. President, COVID-19 is a continuing threat to  Americans' physical and financial health, and it is at this  intersection that Congress can make a meaningful impact on the family  budgets of all Americans by passing sensible legislation to lower the  cost of prescription drugs through measures such as the Prescription  Drug Pricing Reduction Act or, as I like to call it, the ``Making  Coronavirus Medications Affordable Act.''   There is an urgent need to lower the cost of prescription drugs. The  high price of drugs is not a new problem, but it is a problem that is  going to be made worse by the coronavirus pandemic. Millions of  households have seen their incomes suffer due to economic lockdowns  aimed at containing the virus.   It is encouraging that job numbers continue to outpace expectations,  but still, millions of fellow Americans are out of work, which affects  their pocketbook and potentially their insurance coverage. Americans do  not need the added burden of expensive drugs, particularly right now.   Congress is providing relief for American families and businesses  through the COVID-19 crisis, and we are considering another round of  support. I think we should include how do we make drugs more  affordable. That way, if folks become ill, they know that they will be  able to afford the cure. I believe the best path forward is the  ``Making Coronavirus Drugs Affordable Act,'' as I call it, or, as  Chairman Grassley calls it, the Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction  Act. I like mine better.   Now, the difficulty in addressing the issue of the price of  medications is that a balance must be struck between making sure the  medication is affordable but also making sure there is still a profit  motive that will incentivize the researchers and pharmaceutical  companies to find these cures that we know we need. Just think about  it. Without innovation, we would not be able to find a vaccine for  coronavirus--a vaccine that will save millions of lives worldwide and  allow us to go back to a normal life.   Let me just praise the pharmaceutical industry. We have seen them  respond to this crisis in many helpful ways. Additionally, they  recently committed a billion dollars to antimicrobial resistance, which  is to say, to find an antibiotic that will work when other antibiotics  no longer do. They have invested in large-scale and rapid treatment  options, and, again, it is only through innovation that we will beat  this virus and end the pandemic.   But we must remember this: If a patient cannot afford the innovation,  the new medicine, it is as if the innovation never occurred. The  ``Making Coronavirus Drugs Affordable Act'' strikes the balance between  lowering costs for families and incentivizing companies to find those  cures.   Let me show you what this bill does. It caps the patient's out-of- pocket expenses. It lets patients pay over time. It protects patients  from price gouging, and it preserves the incentive for companies to  find cures. Let me explain each of these.   First, the bill caps the out-of-pocket expense for those in the  Medicare Part D Program, our senior citizens, and particularly for the  most vulnerable seniors with chronic conditions. Research has shown  that seniors are at the most risk for severe complications and death  from COVID-19. When a treatment or cure is widely available, cost  should never be a barrier for a senior to access the drug that she or  he needs to survive.   Under the current system, this is what a senior citizen pays for  their medicinal benefit under Medicare Part D. They have a deductible  for which the senior pays 100 percent; the initial coverage phase and  the coverage gap phase, for which they pay one-fourth of the expense;  and then in the catastrophic phase, the patient pays 5 percent of the  cost no matter how high that expense goes.   So let's imagine a medication which costs over $1 million. They are  paying 5 percent of that medication cost, and if I could stand up any  higher--but I keep losing my microphone--they will pay 5 percent of  that. Think about a theoretical drug that costs $3 million a year. The  senior would be required to pay 5 percent of whatever that drug costs.  That is under current law. What we are trying to do is fix this. If  this occurs, the senior will not be able to afford lifesaving  medications.   Under the legislation that we are attempting to pass, it would change  the Medicare Part D standard benefit so that there is still the initial  deductible in which the senior pays 100 percent, but after paying 20  percent of the initial coverage phase, there is no longer that 5  percent toward infinity. We make medications affordable for the senior.  If that is all the bill did, we would do something quite remarkable for  the ability of a patient to be able to afford a potentially lifesaving  drug.   By the way, as a physician, I know this is a barrier for patients to  be able to have their drugs. So we address that in this bill.   The second thing we do--you might say: Wait a second. The senior  citizen if he or she has to pay for all this for a very expensive drug  in the month of January, they can't afford that. Under the current  situation, the senior has to pay her deductible and her initial  coverage phase whenever it is due, which might be in the first week of  the year. What we also do in this bill is we give the senior citizen  the opportunity to pay all this lump sum as a series of  [[Page S4394]]  payments over 12 months. So let's imagine that this was $10,000.  Instead of having to pay all of it in January, she could pay $800 every  month over the course of the year. That allows her to budget and to  factor it in with the other sources of income that she has. Not only do  we cap the senior citizen's out-of-pocket expense, but we also allow  her to pay that expense over a set of months so she can factor it into  her budget. That is the second great thing that this bill does.   What is another thing that we do? Senator Braun also referred to  this, but we also have cost transparency. If there is a medication  which has the price being elevated unnecessarily, and if the customer  knew that, she would know: Wait a second. I can get my medications far  less expensively here versus there or, if I accept a substitute, again,  the medication will be more affordable. We mandate that kind of price  transparency that allows the customer to make an informed decision.   Now, I know there are competing ideas on how to lower drug costs.  House Democrats, for example, have introduced legislation that they  claim would lower costs. But, remember, I told you that there is this  tension. How do we preserve the incentive to innovate while still  making sure the innovation is affordable?   House Democrats have put up a bill. Yes, it makes medicine more  affordable, but it kills the desire to innovate. The Congressional  Budget Office has estimated that if the bill the House Democrats have  proposed is passed, there will be 38 fewer cures invented by  pharmaceutical manufacturers--38 fewer cures.   Let me tell you a story. I mentioned that I am a physician. I came of  age in my residency, if you will, when the AIDS epidemic hit. I was 25  years old or 27 years old, and I would see men my age dying of HIV. We  didn't have an antibody then. If you were diagnosed with HIV--again, we  called it AIDS then--you basically were dead because we had no cures.  Since then, we now have medications that--if you are infected with HIV,  you can live until you are 75 years old or 80 years old. We have found  something that doesn't quite cure, but it allows it to be treated as a  chronic condition. What if we didn't have that cure? What if that were  one of the 38 cures we never had?   What if one of the cures we lose out on is a cure for Alzheimer's? My  parents died of Alzheimer's. All of us know somebody affected by  Alzheimer's or dementia. What if the cure we lose is the cure for  Alzheimer's?   You may think you are making medications less expensive, but in terms  of human life, you are making it that much more expensive because  instead of finding that cure for Alzheimer's, you instead have  consigned those people with Alzheimer's to a slow, awful death--awful  for them and awful for their loved ones as they see their parents  decline. I would argue that it is fool's gold to say that the House  Democratic bill saves money. It just shifts it, and it shifts it to the  misery of the family who will never enjoy one of these cures that are  not otherwise developed.   To fix the problem of the high cost of drugs, it will take a  bipartisan coalition. We have that with this bill. It ends government  handouts to pharmaceutical companies, but it doesn't price-fix. It  saves $80 billion for the taxpayer and for the patient, and it  maintains incentives for lifesaving innovations.   Some in this Chamber will be tempted to stop this bill until after  this year's election. To them, I would say: Don't let politics keep us  from delivering drug-pricing relief for American families. Too much is  on the line, especially during this pandemic. To do nothing while  families try to pay medical bills is wrong. Let's work together to pass  this bill to lower the cost of drugs, to protect innovation, and to  save lives.   I yield the floor.   