 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, the American workforce is getting older  and working longer than ever before. In fact, by 2024, the Bureau of  Labor Statistics estimated that 25 percent of the U.S. workforce will  be composed of workers over the age of 55, and a third of those workers  will be older than 65.   At the same time, complaints of age discrimination are on the rise.  According to enforcement statistics, the EEOC received over 20,000  complaints of age discrimination in 2017, accounting for 23 percent of  all discrimination charges filed that year. That is a jump of 4,000  charges of age discrimination since the year 2000 and is likely a  severe underestimate, as cases of age discrimination often go  unreported.   More so, a 2018 study published by the AARP found that more than 60  percent of workers age 45 and older have seen or experienced age  discrimination, and 76 percent say that they consider age  discrimination to be a major obstacle to finding a new job.   The Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act would help  address this problem by making the burden of proof for age  discrimination claims more equitable and more in line with other forms  of discrimination.   This has important implications for older workers. Fewer cases could  be thrown out or settled before trial, meaning long overdue justice for  older Americans. It would also have important implications for the  EEOC, ushering in a significant increase to the number of age  discrimination claims and, therefore, EEOC's workload.   My amendment goes one step further and ensures that Congress has a  full picture of the scope of age discrimination in the American  workforce and a better understanding of existing gaps in the EEOC's  ability to address and prevent workplace age discrimination. This would  allow Congress to better support the EEOC in its work, meaningfully  address age discrimination in the American workforce, and empower  millions of older Americans.   I would like to thank my colleague, Congressman Davis, for his  bipartisan partnership, and I urge support for this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis), my friend.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments by the  ranking member, and I hope we will continue our respect and friendship  even though we are in disagreement on this.   I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   