 Mr. President, I am really honored to follow Senator  Durbin, a staunch and steadfast champion of refugees and immigration  reform who, year after year, has shown the courage to stand up on this  issue.   And to emphasize a point that he has made, there is an urgency to our  acting. There is a sense that time is not on our side for the lives at  stake here. The world has watched in horror as China has cracked down  on the incipient democracy movement in Hong Kong. We have seen the  yellow umbrellas. We have seen the marchers in the streets and the  brutality and the cruelty of the Chinese Communist Party and Chinese  authorities, using clubs and guns with the kind of thuggishness that  has come to characterize the Chinese anti-democracy movement there and  around the world. We have an opportunity to take a stand and speak out  and do something in defense of the brave protesters who are risking  their lives.   We have seen this kind of democracy movement before. We know it is in  the great tradition of our country to stand with those protestors and  those marchers who are saying to the Chinese Government: We will not  let you break the agreement that you did in 1984 with the United  Kingdom to preserve these freedoms and to make Hong Kong an outpost of  democracy in the repressive regime of China. We will not let you chip  away at our rights or extradite our people to China. That law was the  spark that ignited these protests. We will not let you mock our demand  for freedom and democracy.   The Hong Kong People's Freedom and Choice Act of 2020 was passed  unanimously in the House of Representatives with overwhelming  bipartisan support, and it would very simply give those protesters  protective status in this country, the greatest Nation in the history  of the world, saying to them: We will give you a safe harbor. We will  give you a place where you can be protected.   And remember, what the Chinese are saying is: You can be indicted.  You can be arrested. No matter where you are in the world, if you  violated our law, we will bring you back.   And we would say to those protestors who are simply demanding  fundamental freedoms that often we take for granted here: We will give  you protective status. We will give you temporary protective status  right away. We will make sure that you have that safe harbor.   Now, I know that my colleagues, Senators Rubio and Menendez, have a  bill that is actually called the Hong Kong Safe Harbor Act. We had a  hearing on it the other day in the Judiciary Committee. All of my  colleagues expressed support for the individuals who came to us asking  us to act on that measure.  [[Page S7690]]    The Hong Kong People's Freedom and Choice Act of 2020, in fact, would  go beyond that measure, only to say that you don't have to be formally  charged in China and you don't have to be in specific categories of  protestor. You can be a journalist, and you can get temporary  protective status. It would also say that you don't have to demonstrate  individually a fear of persecution, but you do have to be screened. You  do have to demonstrate that you are not going to be a national security  threat.   My colleague Senator Durbin is absolutely right to make this point.  Nobody wants Chinese spies in this country. There would be a background  check and a screening just as there are for other refugees under this  measure.   The other day, at this hearing, we heard from Samuel Chu and Nathan  Lau and we heard from Joey Su. These activists are fighting for their  freedom. We heard their stories, so powerful and moving. Their faces  and voices should be heard and heeded in this body.   We are far removed here in this sedate setting from the clamor and  the cruelty of those streets in Hong Kong, where men and women have  stood bravely against the physical brutality and force of the Chinese  regime. But we should send a message to the world: We are going to  stand with those refugees who come here heeding the lady who stands in  New York Harbor with a message of hope and freedom. The same lady who  many of our forebears in this Chamber saw when they came to this  country--like my dad, in 1935, at the age of 17, alone, seeking to  escape persecution in Germany, speaking no English, knowing virtually  no one, having not much more than the shirt on his back but believing-- believing--that America would offer him the safety of freedom as a  refugee.   That is our tradition in this country. It goes beyond party,  geography, race, or religion. It is what makes America truly great. We  are a nation of immigrants and refugees, and my hope is, as I stand  here, that we will have the same unanimity in this body as the House  did, despite all the other divisions that persist at this point; that  we will have the respect for the moral imperative to act now and make  sure that we fulfill the message of America now that is more important  than ever before in light of the repressive regimes, even in our own  region, whether it is Venezuela, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, where  we can say to the world: We are going to stand by our principles, and  we are going to do it now because of the urgency of this moment and the  need of these refugees for temporary protective status.   Let us act now.   So, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further  consideration of H.R. 8428, and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I really regret this attack on a bill  that was passed unanimously--Republicans, unanimously, and Democrats,  unanimously--a bipartisan bill by the House of Representatives. If my  colleagues are serious about moving a bill to the desk of the  President, only this bill will do it because only this bill has been  passed by the House of Representatives.   There is an urgency to this cause for the sake of these refugees who  haven't been permitted to leave their country, haven't been sent by  China, haven't simply come into this country as potential espionage  agents. They have come here because they fought for freedom in their  country. So to say that we have discovered that we need to stand up to  China, sorry about that, but it is just preposterous.    I yield to the Senator from Illinois.    The Senator from Illinois is absolutely right, and I  was just going to, as a matter of fact, make that point because I think  it is central to the objection that has been raised.    In fact, the people in danger here are already here. They are in  danger if they are sent back, as they would be without that temporary  protected status. So that point, I think, refutes, essentially, the  argument that has just been made by our colleague from Texas.    To answer the Senator from Illinois very directly, it  is totally antithetical to the principles of democracy in the United  States of America. It is totally abhorrent to the values of our  constitutional Nation, and it is, frankly, absurd.   Here we are, according to my colleague from Texas, standing up and  being tough on China, and we are doing what? We are sending back their  opponents so they can imprison them and kill them? That is the notion  of being tough on China--to enable them to imprison and kill their  political opponents?   I ask my colleague from Texas to rethink the practical implications  of this measure and to consider why the House of Representatives  unanimously passed this. It doesn't lower the standards for political  refugees coming to this country. It doesn't eliminate any security  checks. It takes people, many of them living here already--not spies,  by any means--and sends them back to the meat grinder of the repressive  Chinese Communist Party. It may sound like good rhetoric to oppose this  bill, but my colleague from Texas heard the testimony of these freedom  fighters and why they need temporary protected status and why they  support a safe harbor.   So I continue to insist that this bill, like the Rubio-Menendez bill,  protects essential American values, and I ask him to reconsider his  objection.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I think  we have gone a little bit far afield from the six pro-democracy  activists living abroad.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object on the  SCRIPT Act, which I understand is the only measure so far on which the  Senator from Texas is seeking unanimous consent, very simply, he knows,  I know, we all know that measure will never reach the President's desk.  There is simply no way it can pass both Houses of Congress in the next  few days before the end of this Congress.   The only way we can do something for the freedom fighters and  democracy  [[Page S7693]]  advocates in Communist China is to pass this measure that he has  objected to, which has unanimously passed the House of Representatives.  Only H.R. 8428 offers that opportunity, and frankly, only this measure  that he has objected to does anything for the dissidents or the  democracy advocates or the freedom fighters directly.   He is talking about movies; we are talking about human lives. He can  draw all the kinds of hypothetical connections between the so-called  movie moguls in Hollywood and China, but I think his SCRIPT Act  actually works against the goal that he is advocating.   Censorship in China is a legitimate concern, no question about it,  and I would welcome the opportunity to work with him on a bill that  does something about it. But actually his bill not only takes away the  support for the movies that may be made; it takes away support for  documentaries about the repressive regime in China, and it takes away  classification and other security screening that are necessary for  those kinds of movies to be shown in this country. I think that kind of  obstacle may be inadvertent on his part. But I welcome the chance to  work with him on a bipartisan bill, a truly bipartisan bill that, in  fact, in the next Congress could reach the President's desk. This one  that he is offering, the SCRIPT Act, goes nowhere.   But I just want to bring us back to the reality that really is at  issue here. Just last Wednesday afternoon of this week, two of the  activists among the six pro-democracy fighters living abroad, charged  under China's new national security law, were before our committee. I  am wondering what they are thinking when they hear my colleague from  Texas pounding the table about being tough on China but objecting to a  bill that guarantees them protection. As I say, I am talking about  their lives and tens of thousands of others. I am not talking about  movies. I am not talking about Hollywood moguls.   Let's stand up for the lives of those Chinese Hong Kong freedom  fighters now in this country seeking protection through a bill passed  unanimously by the House of Representatives--the only bill that will go  to the President's desk if we approve it.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    I object.    Mr. President, the only ones happy with the outcome  of today's debate are the Chinese Government. I regret this outcome  because there probably was a time when we would have cooperated in a  bipartisan way on both of these matters.   It may not have been unanimous. There may have been a few contrary  votes in the House, but clearly it came here with bipartisan support,  and I regret that the outcome today is not bipartisan agreement to  protect those freedom fighters who came before the Judiciary Committee  and who have risked their lives.   This issue is not going away. We will be back because, fortunately,  the activists from Hong Kong will persist in their fight, and we ought  to do everything we can to make sure they have a safe haven in this  country and that they are protected here.   So my closing plea to my colleague from Texas is that maybe there  remains time, even in this setting, but, if not, we need to take a  stand as a nation against Chinese censorship, against repression by the  Chinese, and come together and work together. I thank the chairman.   