 Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to  the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act that would permanently  authorize the teleworking program of the U.S. Patent and Trademark  Office.   Since its launch, the program has significantly expanded the agency's  teleworking capacity, while saving millions of taxpayer dollars.   In fiscal 2019 alone, the telework program generated over $123  million in savings, including avoided real estate costs and increased  productivity, which generated $52 million and $49 million in savings,  respectively.   The current coronavirus pandemic has solidified the need to invest in  and support telework opportunities for federal agencies.   This amendment would enable thousands of federal employees to  continue using this program and USPTO to continue saving millions of  taxpayer dollars.   I thank my colleague Mr. Hice who was a co-sponsor with me on this  provision.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to  the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act which would reform and  codify the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP).   This amendment mirrors the bipartisan, House-passed, FedRAMP  Authorization Act (H.R. 3941), which I coauthored with current White  House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows.   FedRAMP standardizes security requirements for the authorization and  ongoing cybersecurity assessments of cloud services for information  systems across the federal government to help agencies more quickly  adopt cloud technologies.   The FedRAMP Authorization Act helps reduce duplication of security  assessments and other obstacles to agency adoption of cloud products by  establishing a ``presumption of adequacy'' for cloud technologies that  have received FedRAMP certification.   This presumption of adequacy means that the cloud service offering  has met baseline security standards established by the program and  should be considered approved for use across the federal government.   The bill would also facilitate agency reuse of cloud technologies  that have already received an authorization-to-operate by requiring  agencies to check a centralized and secure repository and, to the  extent practicable, reuse any existing security assessment before  conducting their own.   The bill requires that GSA work toward automating their processes,  which will lead to more standard security assessments and continuous  monitoring of cloud offerings, and increase the efficiency for  providers and agencies.   The bill establishes a Federal Secure Cloud Advisory Committee to  ensure dialogue among GSA, agency cybersecurity and procurement  officials, and industry for effective and ongoing coordination in  acquisition and adoption of cloud products by the federal government.   Finally, the bill authorizes the program at $20 million annually,  providing sufficient resources to increase the number of secure cloud  technologies available for agency adoption.   We have worked with the Office of Management and Budget, GSA,  industry stakeholders, and our minority counterparts to ensure that the  bill makes needed improvements in the FedRAMP program and gives the  program flexibility to grow and adopt to future changes in cloud  technologies .   In 2019, 13 agencies reported to GAO that they achieved at least $291  billion in savings from increasing their investments in cloud  technologies. I hope we can continue to advance the bipartisan Fed RAMP  Authorization Act to reform and codify a vital program many agencies  rely upon to provide secure cloud computing solutions, a fundamental  component of many IT modernization efforts.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to  the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act that would clarify that  both subcontractors and subgrantees who provide protected disclosures  of federal waste, fraud, and abuse are protected from retaliation.   This provision closes a loophole in federal whistleblower protection  laws.   The amendment is particularly important for agencies that engage in  significant grant activities, like the Department of Education, which  provides grants to state-level agencies who then provide subgrants to  local governments.   Sometimes it's teachers and school administrators who are in the best  position to tell federal leaders where and how federal dollars are  misspent.   This language ensures that those with information on the waste,  fraud, or abuse of federal funding report it--and that those who are  [[Page H3502]]  brave enough to report such wrongdoing are protected from retaliation.   I thank my colleague Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick for cosponsoring this  amendment.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to  the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act which would reaffirm the  United States' commitment to promoting global health security.   This amendment is nearly identical to the text of the bipartisan  Global Health Security Act (H.R. 2166), which passed the House Foreign  Affairs Committee unanimously and was included in the House-passed  HEROES Act (H.R. 6800).   At a time when decisive leadership and robust federal coordination is  sorely needed to combat the global COVID-19 pandemic, this amendment  would reestablish the government-wide lead for pandemic response by  creating a U.S. Coordinator for Global Health Security that should be  located at the National Security Council.   The amendment establishes an Interagency Review Council charged with  implementing U.S. commitments under the Global Health Security Agenda  and sets important metrics for global health security planning.   The amendment also requires a global health security strategy that  helps other countries strengthen their health care systems and detect  and mitigate outbreaks early.   I want to thank my colleagues: Steve Chabot, Rick Larsen, Brian  Fitzpatrick, Ami Bera, and Ann Wagner for cosponsoring this amendment  with me.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer an amendment to  the FY2021 National Defense Authorization Act which would ensure that  no U.S. servicemember with a felony-level domestic violence conviction  is able to legally purchase firearms.   This simple, bipartisan amendment would codify existing Department of  Defense policy which requires DOD to report to the National Instant  Criminal Background Check System (NICS) servicemembers who are  prohibited from purchasing firearms.   The DOD Inspector General found that DOD has failed consistently to  report domestic violence convictions--4 in 5 domestic violence cases  examined (86 percent) were not properly reported to the FBI or NICS.   One of the domestic abusers the DOD failed to report to the FBI was  Devin Kelley, who entered a house of worship in Sutherland Springs, TX  in November 2017, and killed 27 people with the guns he should have  been prohibited from purchasing under current law.   Codifying this reporting requirement gives it more teeth and will  help Congress in its oversight of these important public safety  measures that DOD is failing to implement.   I want to thank my colleagues, Peter King, Mike Turner, and Jennifer  Wexton, for cosponsoring this amendment with me.   