 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I am a  little flabbergasted at this moment, when I find myself in a rare  circumstance of disagreeing with literally every word uttered by my  colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois. He is my friend. He and I  have worked together on a number of issues--criminal justice reform,  protecting the civil liberties of Americans when it comes to domestic  surveillance, all kinds of things on the Judiciary Committee.   I disagree with nearly every single word, every syllable he just  uttered. I find myself wondering whether we experienced alternate  universes in recent months.   I have worked nearly the entire time I have been in the U.S. Senate  on this issue--for years, nearly 9\1/2\ years, on discrete pieces of  legislation, trying to fix immigration. Immigration is a big issue. It  is a contentious issue. It is an issue as to which, to put it mildly,  there is not always bipartisan consensus. It is one of the areas that I  have concluded remains open and possible for bipartisan agreement, is  on taking discrete, individual problem areas within our immigration  code and updating them and modernizing them.   So what we are talking here today about is a bill that I have long  championed, the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act. My sole  purpose for championing that legislation--frankly, at great personal  expense to myself, at great political expense--was to bring some equity  to a system that unduly burdens some immigrants based on their country  of origin and based, specifically, on the arbitrary factor of the  population of the nation of origin of the immigrant in question.   There has been a lot of misinformation at both ends of the political  spectrum, at every point in between, about this legislation. It has  been attacked from the right, from the left, from everywhere else. A  lot of people claim falsely that it would change the total number of  green cards available. It wouldn't, as Senator Durbin just  acknowledged. That is one of the few things that he said just now with  which I think I can agree.   But over the years, we have had a number of Senators objecting to  this for different reasons. Every time we resolve one objection-- sometimes we will resolve two objections, and then one other will pop  up. Then we will resolve that one, and three others will pop up. We  have been doing this for years and years, and I have worked in good  faith with colleagues on both sides of the aisle in order to resolve  those concerns.   Now, most recently, Senator Durbin objected to it. Just as I have  with each objector before him, I worked with Senator Durbin last fall  in order to resolve some of his concerns with the legislation.   In December, as he states, we came to an agreement. We came to an  agreement on a way that we could move forward. We set some objectives,  and he accurately characterized many of those objectives. What I told  Senator Durbin at the time was that I was reluctant to announce that  publicly because we hadn't yet made or received a request or a response  to our request for technical assistance and input from the affected  agencies--most importantly, from the State Department and from USCIS.   At the time, Senator Durbin requested that we go to the floor; that  we introduce it. I, reluctantly, and perhaps against my better  judgment, agreed to do that, in part based on the fact that Senator  Durbin was taking a lot of heat at the time. People were saying that he  was opposed to the idea categorically, and I wanted to work with him in  good faith to do it.   At the time we had that discussion--at the time the Senator and I  made that agreement--I made absolutely abundantly clear we still needed  to get technical input, and we still needed to get the input of  cosponsors of the legislation.   But out of consideration for the Senator and a lot of the political  heat you were taking at the time, I agreed, with that understanding, to  go to the floor and announce that we had reached an agreement in  principle.   I have honored every single piece of that agreement in principle, and  I strongly resent your suggestion to the contrary--every single piece  of it. There is not one substantive piece of this as to which I have  changed--not one of them, not the 50-50 rule, not the 4,600 set-aside,  not the early filing.   The changes that we made were in response to the technical assistance  request that we made to USCIS and a couple from the State Department.  They had almost entirely to do with what was feasible, what was  administratively possible to implement the legislation. After all, we  don't want to enact legislation that cannot be implemented without  compromising the other responsibilities that that agency has.   So after seeking this feedback, we understood that the language, as  written, was, in some respects, technically not feasible for USCIS to  implement as we had written it. But, here again, I told him: We  inevitably will have to make some modifications based on the  feasibility of this.   So I went back to Senator Durbin, and in light of the USCIS comments  and the response to our request for technical assistance from USCIS, we  made some changes. I went back to Senator Durbin. My recollection is  that it was in February. You say March. I believe it was February. But  regardless, I came back to you, and I told you: We are honoring the  agreement. We are going to have to delay the implementation of some of  it so as to make it technically feasible.   Some of these provisions were modified somewhat as to the timing of  their implementation, but we honored the spirit and the letter of our  agreement.   And yet, when we presented these changes to Senator Durbin, he  flatout rejected them, almost without any discussion at all and almost  without any discussion about how these materially departed from the  agreement we had reached in December in good faith that we announced  the existence of on the Senate floor, against my better judgment, out  of the goodness of my heart, given the amount of political pressure  Senator Durbin was getting on this. And he refused, at that point, to  continue negotiations.   This, by the way, was after months and months of trying to get him to  negotiate; months and months of trying to get him to the table that we  reached, finally, in December.   So I find it astounding. If the Senator is, once again, feeling the  political expediency to do so, I am happy to continue these discussions  with him, but  [[Page S4329]]  don't come here and suggest falsely, as he just has, that I have  materially departed from the agreement we reached because I did not.   Now, I hope that he is as willing as I am to allow businesses a  window of time to come into compliance with the new 50-50 rule so that  we don't unnecessarily burden the H1-B workers who are already here.  That is what my changes do, is make it so we don't unduly burden those.   I hope the Senator is as willing as I am to extend the transition  period before the per-country caps are fully lifted to allow immigrants  from around the world the opportunity to ease into the process.    I hope he is willing, as I am, to tackle one major immigration  problem at a time in the hope of improving the condition of immigrants  in our country without insisting on poison pills.   If there is one thing we have learned about immigration reform in  recent years is that if you try to reform everything at once, you will  guarantee the failure of the bill. I hope that is not what you are  trying to do here, but that is the effect it has when you try to add in  other extraneous points.   Never, by the way, was there ever a discussion about increasing the  total number of visas in this. That was never the objective. I never  hinted at that. You acknowledged that in every one of our discussions.   If you are interested in these principles, as I am, we should be able  to find a path forward because all of these changes--all the changes we  made to our agreement--were simply made out of expediency in order to  be able to ensure that the legislation could, in fact, move forward;  that it was feasible to implement; that it could resolve the concerns  that you expressed to me and could do so in a manner to ensure the best  possible outcome.   If Senator Durbin can agree on these changes, we can pass this  legislation. We can pass it not just today, we can pass it right now,  this very moment. I call on him to do so.   If the Senator feels he can work with these changes, I am happy to do  that as well.   As I said in February, my door is open, and I am always willing to  talk about these things with the Senator if he is willing to work with  me.   So I ask that the Senator modify his request to withdraw the  amendment at the desk and include my new amendment, which is at the  desk, the amendment be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended,  be considered read a third time and passed, and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, look, the  hold harmless issue was taken care of with the 3- to 9-year transition.  That is why we made the 3- to 9-year transition, was to take care of  the hold harmless provision.   Now, if the Senator wants to negotiate the terms of that, we can talk  about that right now. We can resolve that right now. But make no  mistake, the Senator is fundamentally changing and altering the terms  of what we agreed to, and he is accusing me of, fundamentally,  materially, changing the terms of the agreement, when all I have done  is what we agreed to in December.   What the Senator is suggesting here is a deviation from what is  possible. I can't agree to what is not possible, to what contravenes  what USCIS has said it is capable of implementing. On that basis, I  object.    I object.    Madam President, I withdraw my objection.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, it should have  been brought forward. We would have loved to have considered it. I  haven't seen it yet. My staff saw it for the first time earlier today.  I would love to have a look at it.   This is something that could have been brought up at any moment in  the last six or seven months, or the last year. I would be happy to  look at it now, but I can't agree to pass something that I have not  seen. So, therefore, I object.    Mr. President, I could not agree more. We should do this. I  could not agree more that we need to eliminate the outdated, outmoded  Elvis Presley era immigration provision that discriminates against  individuals on the basis of their country of origin, on the basis of  the population of the country in which they were born.   There are reasons why immigration policy is a contentious one. There  were reasons why previous efforts have  [[Page S4330]]  failed, and it always has to do with the fact that people tend to pile  on. They get desperate. It is hard for us to reform the immigration  code. When somebody suggests 1 reform, others suggest 10 more, and,  before long, it chokes the horse. You can't move forward with it.   This one is focused on a very simple concept, that regardless of how  many visas we issue, regardless of how many green cards we issue, there  are a lot of ways to allocate the number that we have. Let's start with  the number we have and figure out whatever reasons ought to influence  that decision. Among them should not be the country in which you were  born.   Imagine two hypothetical would-be employment-based green card  recipients who are otherwise eligible. Immigrant A and B are identical  in all respects--in their employment qualifications, their education,  proficiency in English, and every meaningful characteristic except one.  Immigrant A happens to be born in Luxembourg and immigrant B happens to  have been born in India. Because India has a large population and  Luxembourg has a small population, the immigrant from India is going to  be discriminated against.   It is senseless and based on a bygone era in which immigration policy  didn't make sense by today's standards. We ought to be able to get  around that.   I agree with Mr. Durbin that we should pass this right now. There is  no reason not to.   I yield the floor.   