 Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of  Representatives to join me as I rise to support the George Floyd  Justice in Policing Act.    Police brutality in our communities of color has been a national  pandemic for decades. My colleagues and I can recall quite easily an  incident or incidents of police brutality that involve ourselves or our  loved ones. We understand what it feels like to be afraid of the very  men and women who are supposed to protect you. We understand that we  are considered dangerous based on the color of our skin.   Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle don't  seem to understand that. They have shown that our law enforcement  officials, like our President, are above the law.   That's not right. I am proud to vote for a bill that will go a long  way towards healing the rift between our law enforcement agencies and  the minority neighborhoods they serve. It will end racial profiling in  police conduct. It will ban the use of chokeholds, basically the 21st  century's version of lynching. It will eliminate ``no-knock'' warrants  in law enforcement, which means police officers must respect the rights  of every homeowner and renter regardless of race. It will establish  independent prosecutors in cases of excessive force. In addition, it  will establish a national standard of conduct for police officers  nationwide. This national standard will make it easier to train law  enforcement officials across the country to support equal protections  under the law for all American citizens.  [[Page H2488]]     People of all colors, cultures and creeds have taken to streets  across the country to demand action in this cause. They want it  established in federal law that black lives matter and the time of  killing our men and women of color is over. As our citizens tear down  the statutes of racists and bigots across the country, we need to  follow suit and tear down the policies that allow racism to exist in  our law enforcement.   Mr. Speaker, I know my fellow members of the U.S. House of  Representatives agree that the George Floyd Justice in Policing Act  deserves to be recognized at this time because it represents a  milestone in the American commitment to justice and equality for every  citizen. All lives will matter when Black lives matter.   