 Madam Speaker, to this body, I say enough, enough of the  swamp games.   The House needn't wait for the powers that be to meet in a dark room  and come out and tell us what so-called deal has been cut, whether it  is the Speaker, the Treasury Secretary, or anybody else. And I  shouldn't have to learn what is in the bill from K Street on Twitter.   Nor should the House take up a partisan $2 trillion bill with no  chance of becoming law, and you know exactly that is what it is.   This is the people's House. We should act like it. We should debate.  We should vote. We should actually do our job and amend.   To my House Democratic freshman colleagues: Your Speaker is playing  political games with people's lives.   We are used to it. We are used to the Speaker playing games:   With immigrant's lives, shouting: kids in cages, for Obama policies  rather than supporting security;   Refusing to call out antifa, or refusing to come to this floor and  have this body stand with our law enforcement officers--not once;   Supporting Iran over Israel;   Refusing to stand against the extermination of babies born alive;   Seeking to destroy American oil and gas and energy freedom and cheap  energy in favor of radical Green New Deal policies;   Working to take away your private doctors, taking away your private  insurance; and   Killing 6 months of this body's time with partisan impeachment  proceedings.   But this is a whole other level.   In June, the Heroes Act, $3 trillion in partisan hackery with no  chance of passage.   But in June, I, along with freshman Democrats, led by my friend Dean  Phillips, worked together and passed the PPP Flexibility Act. We saved  jobs.    We now know that, according to the S&P, 13.6 million jobs have been  saved nationally; in the district I represent, 90,000 jobs, 18,500  businesses, $633 million.   But small businesses are still struggling. Forty-seven percent of PPP  borrowers say they need additional support to survive.   Right now, we have a bipartisan piece of legislation specifically  designed and ready to help small businesses, but we are not debating or  voting on it. Instead, the Speaker chooses what? Political messaging  resolutions that won't do a darn thing.   Worse yet, the Speaker is again purposely choosing legislation that  is designed to fail: a tax cut that will go exclusively to the wealthy;  banking for marijuana businesses; PPP loans to Planned Parenthood;  billions to bail out State and local governments; environmental justice  grants; weed diversity studies; soil health studies; stimulus checks  for illegal immigrants; bailouts for Amtrak; and bailouts for the  National Endowment for the Arts. And the kicker? Refusing to call out  antifa.   And the one thing cut from the first Heroes Act? Law enforcement  funding: $300 million for COPS grants, $300 million for State and local  law enforcement officers.   Why won't the Speaker--why won't Democrats--stand with our law  enforcement? Why won't they stand for small businesses instead of  playing games on the floor of this House, the people's House? It is an  absolute abomination.   I urge my colleagues to reject the ways of the swamp. Let's unite  together and vote ``no'' on the previous question and work to help  small businesses right now.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R. 8265  to extend the Paycheck Protection Program to keep millions of employees  on the payroll of America's small businesses and continue the benefits  that we have done through bipartisan work previously.   