 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, since the death of George Floyd, the  American people have once again been engaged in a passionate discussion  about racial injustice, which has sadly existed throughout our Nation's  history.   In many ways, the killing of George Floyd was the match in the powder  barrel. It ignited long-overdue conversations about prejudice and  discrimination that still exists in homes, workplaces, and in  particular, institutions charged with keeping us safe.   There is no question that what happened to George Floyd was a failure  of the Minneapolis Police Department. He was killed by police officers  as one applied pressure to his neck and three others stood by and did  nothing. We are going to leave that to the criminal justice system to  make sure that the appropriate people are held accountable, but we are  not off the hook. We have a responsibility, and we have experienced  enough of these tragedies to know that it is not an isolated event.   Black men and women and other minorities across the country have died  in custody for doing things that do not warrant the use of deadly  force. In the case of Breonna Taylor, who was killed in March, she was  asleep in her home when plainclothes officers with a no-knock warrant  used a battering ram to enter her apartment shortly after midnight. She  was asleep in her apartment, and shortly after midnight--no knock--just  a battering ram, and her door is knocked open. Thinking somebody had  broken into her home, which was a reasonable reaction, Breonna's  boyfriend, a licensed gun owner, fired at them. He thought they were  under assault. The officers returned at least 20 shots, killing the 26- year-old emergency room technician.   Unfortunately, as in too many of these cases, the officers who were  responsible were never held responsible, and that needs to change.   We are engaged in a discussion about how we can root out the  injustices that exist in our criminal justice system. One terrible idea  that has been floated is to defund or even disband the police. I can't  even believe we have to talk about it, but we do because it has been  proposed by a majority of the Minneapolis City Council members. Over  the weekend, nine of them said they will begin the process of ending  the Minneapolis Police Department. Well, I am amazed that we have to  say it, but apparently we must. This is an extraordinarily reckless and  dangerous path to go down. I was glad to see a number of our Democratic  colleagues here in the Senate and over in the House reject such a crazy  idea. I don't know how you can call it anything else.   While it is clear that bold action is required, disbanding  institutions charged with keeping us safe would do more harm than good.  You would think that would be self-evident. If you have a leak in your  roof that suddenly causes your ceiling in your kitchen to crash down,  the solution isn't to eliminate your roof. Sure, it would guarantee you  are never going to have a leak again, but it is going to open you up to  a whole new host of problems that would do far more damage. Our job  here is to fix the leak and figure out how to move forward. The process  in this case isn't going to be quite so straightforward.   Nationwide, we have some 18,000 Federal, State, county, and local law  enforcement agencies. Some have 1 officer, while some have more than  30,000, so they are not all the same. The policies and procedures  governing how the officers in each of these agencies interact with  their community vary widely from one department to the next. By and  large, that makes sense.   If you are in Mayberry with Andy Taylor, it may be a two-police- officer town. Obviously, you can handle things a little differently  than you can in a major metropolitan city like New York, Dallas, or  Houston. That is why I believe that a one-size-fits-all approach does  not make sense. We simply don't have the expertise, nor do we have the  skill to try to write legislation that will treat 330 million people  the same way.   Yet there are policies and practices that we can promote as best  practices, and that is actually where I think the Federal Government's  role is irreplaceable. It is very important. We can do that and provide  good guidance to the States and local authorities.   One example is the chokehold. Chokeholds are already banned from a  number of law enforcement agencies across the country but not all. In  the past few weeks, State legislatures and city councils have taken  action to ban this dangerous and controversial practice. I have no  doubt more will follow suit. This is a great example of the type of  action we can and should take in Washington to ensure America's law  enforcement officers are helping, not hurting, the very people they are  sworn to protect.   In the Republican caucus, Senator Tim Scott is leading the charge to  develop a package of bills that will make much needed and long-overdue  reforms to our criminal justice system. We have done this before. We  did it with the FIRST STEP Act, bringing State-proven remedies to  prison reform and rehabilitation and safe reentry into society to the  national scale. So we have done this before.    I have been in close discussions with Senator Scott and Leader  McConnell and a handful of other Senators who are interested in trying  to come up with the most effective ways to create tangible change. This  is not going to be a matter of political grandstanding; this is about  practical problem-solving. It is certainly not going to be an effort  just to serve as a political marker. I think there is actually enough  common  [[Page S2856]]  ground where we can do something constructive on a bipartisan,  bicameral basis and get a Presidential signature on it.   One provision in the list of provisions that Senator Scott is putting  together involves legislation that has already received broad  bipartisan support. This provision, which I recommended, included a  bill that Senator Gary Peters, a Democrat from Michigan, and Senator  Graham of South Carolina, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and I  introduced and passed last year to create a National Criminal Justice  Commission.   I know sometimes people will say ``Well, creating another committee  or another commission doesn't solve the problem,'' but this is not  mutually exclusive. I think this is to supplement the other things we  do here in the near term to come up with a comprehensive view of what  we need to do in our criminal justice system to make it more fair and  to make sure our law enforcement officers receive the best training and  understand the best practices when it comes to community policing.   This is based largely on the same model as the 9/11 Commission. You  recall that after the 9/11 Commission--there were roughly 14 people  appointed by the White House in both political parties here. They  studied the vulnerabilities we had that led to the 9/11 terrorist  attacks and made concrete recommendations to Congress that we took up  and passed. I think that is a sensible way for us to approach the  problems with our criminal justice system writ large. It could include  things like policing reform. That is an obvious one given the concerns  of the day, but it doesn't have to be limited to just that.   We haven't done this sort of top-to-bottom review of our criminal  justice system in America since 1965. This is the legislative version  of finding the leak in your roof. This is the critical first step to  figuring out the full range of problems that exist so we can begin the  repair process.   A similar version of this bill passed the Senate unanimously late in  2018. I hope it can be a part of the conversation we have in the coming  days and weeks about how to respond.   I know minorities across America are hurting right now, and there is  a deficit of trust between many of their communities and the police  departments. That is because too many families had to bury their sons  or daughters who were killed without justification. While we can't turn  time back, we can take action to prevent history from repeating itself.   A couple of days ago, I had the honor of talking to George Floyd's  family as they were preparing for his funeral yesterday in Houston. I  told them that at times like these, I know how inadequate words can be,  but if there was some comfort that I could offer, it is that his death  is not in vain, that something good will come out of this. I think that  is true.   This repair process isn't going to be quick or easy. It is not  something we can turn to next week and take off our plate and forget  about it. This has been a long march since America was founded when we  committed the original sin of treating part of our population--our  African-American population--as something less than fully human. We  fought a civil war over slavery, and in the 1960s, we had pretty  controversial and chaotic times, which led to legislative work that  protected the vote of minorities and protected civil rights writ large.   This is going to require a long-term, bipartisan commitment, not just  from us in Washington but folks in the State capitals, city halls, and  police departments across the country.   Because ultimately it is the local officials who have the  responsibility to hire and fire the police chief, to make sure that bad  police officers are removed from the force, and that is where the near- term responsibility needs to lie because we don't have that capability  here.   But we do believe--I do believe there are concrete steps we can take  right now to address the racial injustices that were exposed once again  with the death of Mr. Floyd. I appreciate Senator Scott and Leader  McConnell for responding to this crisis with the urgency that it  deserves, and I am proud to be part of this effort in the Senate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   