 Madam President, I have come to the floor today to talk  for a while about the nomination of Paul Ray to serve as Administrator  of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs. I will do that,  but first I want to take a few minutes to set the record straight on  what we just heard.   Tom Friedman, who writes for the New York Times, is a famous author,  lecturer, and a brilliant guy. Among the things he has mentioned in his  writings over the last 3 years is something called the Trump doctrine.  The Trump doctrine goes something like this: Barack built it. I, Trump,  broke it. You fix it.   There are any number of examples where that has happened: Paris  accords on reducing emissions of carbon dioxide on our planet and the  Trans-Pacific Partnership, where the United States would lead 11 other  nations in a trade agreement around the world. Those 12 nations would  be responsible for 40 percent of the world's trade. Under that  agreement negotiated in the last administration, the Trans-Pacific  Partnership, we would lead that 12-nation group in 40 percent of the  world's trade. China was on the outside looking in. This administration  walked away from that.   The greatest source of carbon emissions in our planet and the  greatest threat to the future of the planet for  [[Page S112]]  these young pages--whom I am looking at now--is way, way too much  carbon dioxide in our atmosphere. It is getting worse, not getting  better. The greatest source of carbon emissions on our planet are  emissions from our cars, trucks, and vans.   The last administration negotiated a 50-State deal, which would have  reduced emissions from mobile sources dramatically in the years to  come. This administration broke away from it. They walked away from it.  The last administration negotiated a rule regulation to dramatically  reduce emissions from the second greatest source of carbon emissions in  this country and from our utilities: coal-fired utilities, primarily.  If you add together the reduction in carbon dioxide emissions going  forward from our mobile sources negotiated by the last administration  and negotiated in a regulation called the Clean Power Plan, they would  provide almost half of the emission reductions by 2050 that we need-- almost half. This administration walked away from both.   The last administration argued that rather than always be threatening  war with Iran and doing these proxy wars with Iran, maybe what we  should focus on is the main thing. A friend used to advise me. He said:  Tom, the main thing is keep the main thing the main thing. The reason  why we negotiated the JCPOA deal with Iran was to deter Iran from  developing and having nuclear weapons that could create a nuclear arms  race in the Middle East and put them and, I think, the rest of our  planet, literally, at risk. Under the agreement negotiated with Iran  and six other nations--including the United States, the Brits, the  French, the Germans, the Russians, the Chinese--under the agreement,  the Iranians had to agree to stand down, to slow down much of their  nuclear enrichment that could actually lead to nuclear weapons. They  had to agree to intrusive inspections by the IAEA, the international  watchdog for atomic energy. In return for their willingness to do those  things, we would reduce the very harsh sanctions that had been put in  place by the last administration--very harsh economic sanctions.   The Iranians did what they agreed to do. They stood down their  development. They opened up their facilities to intrusive inspections  by the IAEA for the last 4 years. There were almost 20 different rounds  of inspections, each of which came to the same conclusion: Iran,  whether we like it or not, whether we like their leaders or not, kept  their word. Some of us remember what Ronald Reagan used to talk about.  He used to say that in terms of doing nuclear deals with the Russians-- the Soviets--he used to say: ``Trust but verify.''   Well, what we did with the Iran deal was mistrust or distrust. We  didn't trust them, but we would verify that they were keeping their  word. Whether we like it or not, surprisingly, they did, until this  administration came along and walked away from that agreement, which  was working. It imposed even harsher sanctions on Iran and led us to,  really, where we are today.   Again, Tom Friedman, who gave us the Trump doctrine: Barack built it.  I, Trump broke it. You fix it. This is just another example of that  happening. We shouldn't be surprised by the events of the past week. It  didn't have to be that way. It didn't have to be that way.   I think in the country of Iran, half of the people are under the age  of 25. They were never born when the original Ayatollah was in charge,  and they had the Iranian revolution. The younger people there would  like a better relationship with us. They have elections there, too,  where people can actually show up and vote--men and women--vote for  municipal elections, for mayors, city councils, and so forth, for  Parliament--their Congress is called the Parliament--for their  President. I think the last time they voted was 3 years ago. You know  which forces gained votes? They don't have Democrats or Republicans  over there. They have hard-liners, and they have moderates. The  moderates gained election victories in mayoral elections across the  country and city council elections across the country. The moderates  picked up a lot of votes in the Parliament. The hard-liners lost votes.   The actions of this administration over the last 3 years have pushed  Iranian voters, including a lot of young people, away from supporting  the moderates in their Nation and pushed them into the arms of the  radical extremists, the hard-liners. It didn't have to be that way. It  didn't have to be that way.   I don't know how we put this mess back together again, but we need  to. I am not sure. I don't have a lot of confidence that this  administration is going to be able to do that, given their track record  over the last 3 years--at least on this issue.    Will the Senator yield?    Mr. President, before Senator Blackburn arrived on the  floor, I talked about Iran, as many of us have. I mentioned the  opposition that some folks in Iran had--that the Revolutionary Guard  Corps Quds Force had--to actually entering into negotiations with the  United States and five other nations to get the Iran deal, the JCPOA.  As far as I can tell, nobody was a stronger opponent to Iran's  negotiating with us and five other nations--nobody, as best I can tell,  was a stronger opponent for Iran's doing that, for sitting down and  trying to work things out--than Soleimani.   We are not going to miss that guy, but he was one of the strongest  opponents who had actually taken what, I think, was a reasonable  course. Sadly, this administration walked away from it.   I thank my colleague for yielding.   