 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 51  and its affront to the Constitution.   The Founding Fathers did not intend for Washington, D.C., to be a  State. Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United States  Constitution provides Congress with exclusive jurisdiction over the  District of Columbia. The enclave clause was included for specific  reasons, notably the fact that the operation of the seat of the Federal  Government of the United States, whose laws now affect approximately  330 million Americans, should not be impeded by local ordinances,  actions, or taxation.   The Framers of the Constitution had good reason for this concern,  having witnessed the reluctance of local authorities to police  disorderly conduct by protesters in June of 1783, conduct that forced  the adjournment of Congress and the flight of its Members to  neighboring States. We see similar situations playing out in the  streets today, right here in Washington, D.C.   Passage of this vote today violates the Constitution in two different  ways: first, withdrawing specifically enumerated powers granting  Congress control of the Federal district; and, two, ignoring the  constitutional amendment process the Framers outlined to make changes  to our founding charter.   Yesterday, I testified on my amendment to the Rules Committee, which  reaffirmed and enhanced congressional leadership over the District  provided in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. Unfortunately, my  colleagues did not accept this amendment, which was crafted in the  spirit of the Constitution, pushing this legislation and the legal  thought behind it even further away from our founding tradition.   The last few months have been very difficult times in this country,  with unrest spanning throughout our Nation, including right here inside  Washington, D.C., itself. In the face of willful disregard for the rule  of law, it is irresponsible for this body to follow in these footsteps  by blatantly taking action against our Constitution.   The democratic and legal wisdom of our Founders is unprecedented, and  their calls for a legal charter, which granted and preserved individual  liberties and good governance, stand true today. Going against their  intentions now is neither prudent nor in the best interest of the  country.   I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 51.   