 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, everywhere you look, there are signs  the country needs emergency Federal relief before the end of the year.  Cases, hospitalizations, and deaths are rising. COVID restrictions are  snapping back into place in cities and States around the country.  Economists are warning of a double-dip recession if Congress fails to  pass another round of fiscal stimulus.   The situation is really quite simple. There are flaring needs in the  country, and we need to work across party lines to pass legislation to  meet those needs. Let me say it again. We need both parties to sit down  and compromise on legislation to help the American people. That is the  only way to get legislation passed. But observers of this process seem  to have lost track of this simple truth. The Republican leader seems to  have forgotten about it entirely.   Amazingly, it has been over 8 months since Congress came together to  pass the CARES Act, and the leader's position has not budged. The  majority leader continues to insist that the Senate accept one of his  partisan Republican proposals, each one of which has been sorely  inadequate and each of which has contained poison pills designed to  ensure the bill's failure.   The most conspicuous of these poison pills is the so-called ``red  line'' the majority leader has tried to draw on the issue of corporate  immunity. Contrary to the majority leader's dire predictions, there has  been no flood of COVID lawsuits--in fact, quite the opposite. Almost a  year into this pandemic, with nearly 15 million Americans infected and  280,000 lives lost to COVID-19, there have only been 111 COVID-related  lawsuits filed regarding conditions of employment, 23 suits for  personal injury for exposure to the coronavirus in a public place, and  11 COVID-related medical malpractice suits.   Far from a pandemic of lawsuits, there has barely been a trickle. Yet  the Republican leader continues to prevent Americans from getting the  aid they so desperately need and deserve until he gets this piece of  partisan, ideological legislation. Again, yesterday, while the leader  was busy accusing Democrats of blocking ``bipartisan'' legislation that  ``everyone agrees on''--his words--other Members of the Republican  leadership were making it clear that Leader McConnell continues to  insist on this particular poison pill. The Republican whip said that  any relief must have corporate immunity provisions that ``satisfy  Senator McConnell.''   Imagine holding emergency aid hostage--help for the unemployed, help  for small businesses, help to pay the salaries of police and  firefighters, help for individual Americans, funding to deliver a  vaccine--in order to give corporations legal immunity. But that has  been the Republican position for the past 8 months, and it is the  leader's position today.   For the sake of bipartisan negotiations, Republican leadership should  forsake these hard-line positions. You can't claim to want  bipartisanship while actively demanding the Senate accept partisan  legislation. ``Bipartisan'' does not mean Democrats must agree to  whatever the Republican leader wants on whatever issue he picks.  ``Bipartisan'' means both sides--both sides--sitting down and finding  agreement to meet the needs of the country and make a law. That process  is happening with the Gang of 8. It should continue until we get a  solution   