 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the amendment today will do exactly the opposite of what  we are trying to accomplish. This bill is not going to be able to  strengthen the national defense. My colleague's amendment would  directly threaten the high altitude military training aviation site  that is critical to the readiness of our armed services and to the  national security of the U.S.   Additionally, it would make the United States even more reliant on  China for critical strategic minerals.   Our goals should be to enact policies that will support readiness and  a sustainable and secure supply chain for critical minerals. This  amendment is in direct conflict to those goals.   My district is home to the national-level asset, the High Altitude  Army National Guard Aviation Training Site, or HAATS. The life-saving  training acquired at HAATS is vital to the military's success and  readiness of our Nation.   My good friend from Colorado's amendment seeks to establish five  wilderness areas within the HAATS training area either immediately or  in the future through a new, unprecedented land designation mechanism  that the sponsor is calling ``potential wilderness.''   When this legislation was debated before the committee, no one from  DOD or the National Guard Bureau, let alone the Colorado National  Guard, was given the chance to testify on the legislation's potential  effects on readiness. Therefore, it would be completely unacceptable to  include this legislation in the 2021 National Defense Authorization.   In addition, this amendment further deepens our Nation's concerning  dependence on Communist China for critical minerals. The U.S. is 100  percent import reliant on 14 minerals on the critical minerals list and  75 percent import reliant on an additional 10.   This map prepared by U.S. Geological Survey shows the critical  mineral deposit occurrences in Colorado. The area identified as  Colorado Mineral Belt, which spans from Boulder down through Gunnison  County and all the way into the Four Corners area, contains minerals on  which the U.S. is import reliant.   I urge opposition to this bill and inclusion into the NDAA.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my colleague, for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose the amendment from my good friend from  Colorado.   Like amendments that have come before this, this amendment will do  the exact opposite of what we are trying to be able to accomplish here  today, which is develop a bill to support and strengthen the national  defense.   My colleague's amendment has the potential to threaten high-altitude  military aviation training that is critical to the readiness of our  armed services and to the national security interests of the U.S.  Additionally, it would make the United States even more reliant on  China for critical and strategic minerals.   Our goal is to be able to enact policies that support readiness and  sustainable and secure supply chains for critical minerals. This  amendment is in direct conflict with those goals.   High-altitude military aviation training is critical to the readiness  of our armed services and to the national security of the United  States.   My colleagues have stated that they want to be able to safeguard  HAATS. In my conversations with DOD, it said it would look forward to  DOD flight guidance with regards to how to operate under the language.  And while I appreciate DOD's guidance, we all know too well that  regulatory changes do not provide certainty. That is why I have  submitted an amendment to codify the safe transit exception for  military aircraft flying over the wilderness areas and mountain  regions. Unfortunately, my friends in the majority did not rule that  amendment in order, and we will not have the opportunity to be able to  vote on safe transit.   We need to be focusing on the security of the United States not only  in terms of critical minerals, but also making sure that our military  has the appropriate tools to be able to carry out their missions safely  in terms of the guidance that we are providing. This amendment does not  achieve that goal. It will not help support the NDAA.   