 Mr. President, as our Nation's war against the  coronavirus wages on, negotiations on the next relief package seem to  remain at a standstill.   The bolstered unemployment benefits provided by the CARES Act have  expired. Principals and teachers--and parents, I might add--are  preparing to begin the school year without adequate funding for the  protective measures they need, and additional investments into vaccines  and treatments are desperately needed.   I believe the Senate should stay in session until we are able to pass  another coronavirus relief bill, but Speaker Pelosi and Senate Minority  Leader Schumer seem to have zero sense of urgency in delivering the  support those in our country need, including their own constituents,  and they have zero interest, apparently--at least so far--in a  bipartisan compromise.   Despite the less-than-enthusiastic interest from their own Members  and a flatout veto threat from the White House, they continue to push  the more than $3 trillion Heroes Act as a solution to the crisis.   Remember, this is legislation that was so unpopular among Democrats  that it barely managed to pass the House earlier this summer, and it  includes extraneous items, like tax breaks for millionaires and  billionaires who live in blue States and diversity studies for the  marijuana industry.   It doesn't take a policy expert to see that these portions of the  bill have absolutely nothing to do with the crisis at hand, and they  demonstrate how unserious Speaker Pelosi and Democrats in the House  have been and, unfortunately, now joined by some of our colleagues here  in the Senate--how unserious they are about actually solving this  problem to the best of our ability.   They even go so far as to call that particular piece of legislation,  the Heroes Act, a messaging document. Well, that messaging document  helps absolutely zero people. It is a wish list, a pipedream, and it is  an effort to try to appease the most radical Members of the Democratic  caucus.   Though Speaker Pelosi says the title of this legislation is a tribute  to our healthcare workers, it is really a cruel joke. The bill itself  does nothing to protect them from one of the biggest threats lurking  around the corner.   We are already beginning to see evidence that the coronavirus  pandemic is moving from hospitals to courtrooms, as lawyers have filed  lawsuits against our essential healthcare workers and any institution  that has kept its doors open throughout this crisis.   This is something that has come up in my conversations with many of  my constituents in Texas over the last several months--healthcare  workers, educators, nonprofits, restaurant workers, child daycare  centers, retailers--the list goes on and on.  [[Page S4904]]    They are worried about the carpet-bombing of opportunistic  litigation. After all, these are some of the very same people we have  said must show up for work, must continue to provide essential goods  and services to their communities during this crisis. Now they are  worried that we are going to throw them under the bus and make them  subject to lawsuits for doing the best they could under very difficult  circumstances.   Well, we can already see the commercials on TV or the billboards  soliciting these lawsuits. The trial bar is prepared to file lawsuits  against doctors, nurses, teachers, small business owners--anyone and  everyone who might be able to pay a judgment or, more likely, who has  an insurance policy.   According to the law firm Hunton Andrews Kurth, nearly 4,000 claims  have already been filed--more than 275 in Texas--but we are also  talking about circumstances under which the statute of limitations is 2  years. So 2 years from the claimed incident, you could file a lawsuit.  So this is just the tip of the iceberg.   As our economy begins to reopen, so will the floodgates, and we need  to take action now to prevent this tidal wave of litigation from wiping  out the very workers, businesses, and institutions we have been  fighting to keep afloat.   Leader McConnell and I have introduced the SAFE TO WORK Act to  address this issue and to prevent this trial lawyer bonanza from  bringing even more harm to our country and to our economy.   Unlike the unserious Heroes Act, this would give our healthcare  workers exactly the kind of support they need, but I want to make clear  what this legislation does and does not do.   First, it is not a blanket shield from liability. It will not prevent  bad actors from being held accountable. It will not prevent people from  filing coronavirus lawsuits, and it will not give anyone a ``get out of  jail free'' card.   In cases of gross negligence or willful misconduct, where applicable  public health guidelines were ignored, the person bringing the claim  has every right to sue and to be made whole, and we are not suggesting  any change to that.   What we do need to do, though, is put some safeguards in place to  help those who were operating in good faith under uncertain  circumstances, under sometimes changing guidance and direction, even  though they were trying to follow all of the relevant guidelines.   That includes protections for nonprofits that have gone above and  beyond to support their communities, as the demand for their services  has skyrocketed. It includes the schools, the colleges, the  universities that are preparing to take every conceivable precaution to  keep students and teachers safe this fall. It includes the hospitals  that have been on the frontlines and have fought significant headwinds  to keep their staff, their patients, and their communities safe. And,  of course, it includes protections for our incredible healthcare  workers who have been on the frontlines of this crisis for months.   Amid rapidly changing guidelines, staffing shortages, and scarce  supplies of personal protective equipment, they continued to adapt and  deliver the best possible care to their patients.   Just to give you one example of how rapidly the guidelines are  changing, in March, the Texas Health and Human Services Commission  provided a manual to nursing homes with guidance on managing and  preventing a COVID-19 outbreak. The manual was 28 pages long. Since  then, it has nearly tripled in length.   As we have learned more about this virus, guidelines have evolved, as  you would hope they would, to ensure that our healthcare workers know  the most effective ways to quarantine, test, and treat patients. That  is an unequivocally good thing. It is strengthening our response, it is  helping us slow the spread of the virus, and it is savings lives.   But it has also created a host of challenges for the healthcare  workers who are the very ones complying with these rapidly changing  guidelines, doing the best they can under difficult circumstances   I learned about an elderly patient who arrived at a hospital  emergency room during the early stages of the pandemic with a fever but  no other COVID-19 symptoms.   At that point, testing supplies were constrained, and the applicable  CDC protocol was to limit testing only to patients who met the strict  criteria, who had symptoms. And with only a fever, this patient did not  meet those criteria so he was not tested.   The healthcare workers identified an infection site that could have  been causing his fever, so they treated him and discharged him with  instructions to return if his condition worsened.   Several days later, unfortunately, his condition did worsen, and he  went to a different hospital where he was given a COVID-19 test. The  result came back positive, and ultimately he was admitted to the  intensive care unit.   Then, several days later, he tragically passed away from coronavirus- related symptoms.   For the man's family, I know this raises questions of how things  might have been different today if he had been tested on that initial  visit in the emergency room. They have said they may file a lawsuit  against the physician and the hospital for not performing a test and  admitting the man to the hospital on the first visit.   But the doctors there were simply following the best advice they had  at the time and were constrained by the number of tests available--only  to test patients when they had symptoms of the virus and,  unfortunately, this man's symptoms did not qualify.   If the doctor and the hospital did the best they could following  those guidelines, they should not be subjected to these types of  litigation.   Now, as I have said, the legislation would not provide blanket  immunity. Nobody is arguing for that, but we do need clear guardrails  to ensure that the dedicated healthcare workers and other essential  workers who were acting in good faith will not be drained dry by the  trial bar.   This legislation sets a willful misconduct or gross negligence  standard to ensure that only bona fide, legitimate claims are brought  against these healthcare workers.   The patients subjected to that type of treatment have every right to  sue and to be made whole, and this will preserve that basic right. But  it will also make sure that the hard-working doctors, nurses, emergency  medical technicians, and other medical professionals who have acted in  good faith are not pulled into litigation that could send them into  bankruptcy.   Over the past several months, our healthcare workers have navigated  the dark, treacherous, and rapidly changing waters of this storm to  save as many lives as possible.   I should point out that I think about 30 States have, at the State  level, provided the kind of protection to healthcare workers I am  talking about.   So we need to throw them a lifeline, not feed them to the sharks.  Instead of naming a bill in honor of our healthcare heroes that does  absolutely nothing to help them, as the House has done, let's pass a  bill that will honor them.   If our friends across the aisle want to help our healthcare workers  and thank them for their immeasurable sacrifices they have made,  liability protection would do exactly that.   So I hope our colleagues are prepared to acknowledge the widely known  truth--that the Heroes Act is an unserious piece of legislation that  has zero chance of becoming law. It is time to stop playing games and  get serious about what our country needs at this critical moment.   As negotiations on the next relief package continue, I would ask our  colleagues to set aside the completely unrelated priorities in the  Heroes Act and focus on the changes that need to be made to keep our  healthcare and other essential workers safe but also to protect them  from frivolous litigation.   