 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the War  Powers Resolution introduced by my colleague from Michigan,  Congresswoman Elissa Slotkin.   Soleimani was an evil man, a terrorist, a war criminal. No one should  mourn his demise. But that doesn't change the question of who has the  authority to take our Nation into war. It is Congress and only Congress  that is endowed with the most solemn duty to decide if, when, and where  to commit our Nation to war.   At the same time, as Commander in Chief, it is incumbent upon our  President to ensure that the fine men and women who serve in our  military are only sent into harm's way after careful deliberation and  tasked with missions that protect and further America's interests and  reflect the values and high moral standing of our Nation.   Our country's Founders in their foresight provided us a robust and  constitutional Republic and representative government. They wisely  understood that taking a nation to war should not be a unilateral  decision by a single person, but a considered decision by the people's  elected Representatives.   This administration does not have congressional authorization for use  of military force or a declaration of war against Iran. Ultimately, any  sustained action against Iran requires congressional approval.   Today's resolution reflects the intentions of our Founders. It makes  clear the President must seek authorization from Congress for any  extended military engagement with Iran without restricting his ability  to protect the Nation from imminent threat.   I have the honor of representing Naval Station Great Lakes where  every enlisted sailor receives his or her basic training. I am the  proud father of a son serving in our Navy. We owe it to these  Americans, each one a volunteer answering the call to serve our  country, to protect this Constitution and live up to the expectations  of our Founders.   The American people do not want an unnecessary war with Iran. Today's  resolution prevents President Trump from unilaterally or impulsively  starting one. I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   