 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, each of us receives a report almost on an  hourly basis from our home States. At the end of the day, my State of  Illinois sends a report on the latest situation involving this COVID-19  virus. There were 163 new infections announced yesterday--that is the  biggest 1-day jump we have had--and 1 additional death.   Governor Pritzker has issued a stay-at-home order for the State of  Illinois today beginning Saturday, today, at 5 p.m. until April 7. The  city of Chicago is closing its parks and libraries, as well, starting  today.   The Veterans' Administration has reported one confirmed veteran's  case with the virus in the Chicago area. That person is now under home  quarantine.   We had an exceptional situation at Midway Airport where two FAA tower  employees tested positive for the virus several days ago, and we, of  course, have to have an abundance of care and caution for the remaining  employees there. The FAA, together with the city of Chicago, has been  involved with screening the other employees and also determining  whether the workplace has been cleaned properly before anyone goes back  to work. The net result of it has been that Southwest Airlines  announced suspending its flights in the Midway Airport because of this  tower situation. When I spoke to the head of the Federal Aviation  Administration, he told me there was a similar challenge at another  major airport.   I am afraid we haven't heard the last of it. It is an indication of  what happens when someone tests positive in a work atmosphere that is a  critical part of our economy and the safety of our Nation. Our hope  is--fingers crossed--that this tower may resume its activities the  early part of next week, but we want to make sure that when we do, all  the employees are going to be safe in their workplace.   We are also laboring in Illinois, as many States are, with the  problem of not having adequate testing. We just don't know the extent  of the infection. I mentioned the numbers that were reported yesterday,  but that is based on the very small sample of tests that are being  taken. We still have not received the test kits, and those that we  have, some of them cannot be used because they don't have the necessary  reagent or chemical that is part of the collection process. It turns  out we are dependent on a foreign source for that chemical. In ordinary  times, it was never a problem, but in extraordinary times, it is.   I joined with Senator Alexander, Senator Blunt, and Senator Murray  asking the National Academy of Sciences, in the midst of this crisis,  to step back, get to altitude, and look down on the dependence of the  United States on foreign-made medicines, medical equipment, and medical  devices, and determine whether we need to reassess that dependence.   In the ordinary course of business, there is no problem with things  traveling back and forth between the United States and foreign  countries, but in this situation, where there is a public health crisis  that has interrupted ordinary trade patterns, or in the future, if we  anticipate a similar challenge because of terrorism, we have to think  ahead.   I hope the National Academy of Sciences will give us their analysis  of this situation as it currently exists and some guidance on how to  look to these issues in the future. It is critical that we do.   We also know that we have problems relating to our hospitals. One of  the things we have urged Senator McConnell to consider--and Senator  Schumer used the term ``Marshall Plan'' for our hospitals--I think it  is absolutely essential.   Yesterday, I had a conference call with 30 or 40--maybe more-- hospital administrators in the State of Illinois. I wanted to share  some of the thoughts they gave me yesterday in the course of that  conversation. This is through the Illinois Hospital Association. They  said: What we need is a direct and immediate infusion of funds. We need  access to critical supplies. We need a surge capacity.   There are 300,000 hospital workers in Illinois. At this point, they  need protective equipment that is lacking in so many areas. It turns  out that our Federal stockpile--whatever it is worth--was either not  large enough or cannot be distributed fast enough to meet the needs of  these hospitals.   One of the hospital administrators--I am not going to name the  individual hospital, but one of the hospital administrators of a major  hospital in Chicago said: We are worried about a shortage of  ventilators. I heard that over and over again.   They also want to let us know that these hospitals are taking huge  financial hits today. We know about the restaurant industry because we  see the closed restaurants, and we can imagine all the workers not  reporting to work and trying to make things work for their families  under the circumstances, but we don't appreciate the fact that because  of this COVID-19, many of our hospitals have seen a significant  reduction in their revenue streams.   One of the hospital administrators said: Our outpatient clinic work  is down to a minimum, and elective surgeries are being put off for  obvious reasons. That is 50 percent of our revenue at the hospital, and  so we have revenue issues going into this.   They urged me to, through Medicare and Medicaid, increase  reimbursements, and based on preliminary bipartisan discussions  yesterday, I believe that is being considered. Both Medicaid and  Medicare would increase the DRGs, for example, which is the  reimbursement mechanism for those treating COVID-19 patients.   They are concerned--and they told me this over and over again--that  at a moment when we need our hospitals more than ever, many of the  hospitals are facing closure because they just don't have the funds  necessary to keep the doors open. The ordinary sources of revenue and  profit have been pushed back and reduced. There are a variety of  proposals that came to us in terms of making these Federal funds  available, but they urged me over and over again to do this as quickly  as possible and not to establish some long, involved bureaucratic  process for applying for these funds.    We also talked about the money flowing directly to the hospitals  rather than through State governments or through some Federal agencies.  I know this is risky business when it comes to accounting, but at a  time of a national economic and public health crisis, I personally  agree with them. I think we have no choice.   I went through the hospitals, and they talked about their liquidity  and cash problems. They said we need to treat this like a FEMA  emergency. There are responses that use hospitals in those emergencies,  that cut through the redtape and get the money to the places needed as  quickly as possible. We have to do exactly the same thing.   They talked about the number of infections growing exponentially, and  they also talked to me about one rural hospital that literally said  they were within days of closing. I can tell you, in that area of the  State--a rural part of the State of Illinois--it means patients facing  any medical challenges will have long distances to travel to find a  place to be treated. We can't let that happen if it is at all possible  to save these hospitals.   They understand the overseas supplies are coming in. Many of them are  desperately needed. They asked if there is any way to expedite that by  the use of cargo air that may not be utilized in the ordinary course of  business. We are looking into that because of our economic situation.  [[Page S1883]]    I could give more information, but I won't. It is pretty obvious. The  first line of defense for us in this public health crisis will be our  hospitals. We are hoping that patients, through telemedicine, can be at  least counseled and diagnosed and we can avoid people coming to  emergency rooms unless it really is necessary.   I understand the impulse we all have. If someone we love feels sick  and appears to have the symptoms, we want them tested immediately and  treated immediately. We have to take care and heed the advice even when  it is hard. Telehealth is a way for us to have a better diagnosis of  those in long distances and perhaps counsel them that an immediate trip  to the emergency room is not necessary. I hope we can reach that point.   We are also concerned about extension of facilities. Currently, the  major hospitals in my State are looking to the expansion through  tents--the kinds of emergency shelters that might be available so that  people can be separated from one another.   Yesterday, I spoke to the Secretary of the Army, Mr. McCarthy, about  the availability of Department of Defense expertise. The Department of  Defense can step into a situation and very quickly convert hotels into  hospital-type arrangements. They can take closed hospitals and put them  up and running in very quick order. I think that expertise is  desperately needed.   I encouraged the Secretary of the Army and Secretary of the Defense  to make that expertise available. We are connecting them right now,  between our State and the experts at the Department of Defense. These  are men and women who do this. They are prepared to do it at a moment's  notice if our military men and women are in peril. I would say at this  point, America is in danger because of this, and we should turn to  their responses and help as quickly as possible.   I want to say one thing about a statement made earlier today by both  Senator Schumer and Senator McConnell. We have before us an  opportunity--and I hope we seize it--to show we can continue the  bipartisanship that leads us to this moment.   The first two bills that addressed this COVID-19 or coronavirus virus  threat to America were handled in an extraordinary way--perhaps to the  surprise of many Americans. They were done on a bipartisan basis and on  a timely basis.   We have only had the Republican proposal for a little over 24 hours.  Yet I can tell you that as soon as it was received, active negotiations  were undertaken at all levels. I sat through many of them yesterday.  They were done in good faith. There are differences, clearly, in  policy. We are really writing these bills as we travel down this path-- this dangerous path. It is important that we do it in a timely way but  also exercise good judgment.   My concern now is that we get this done and done this weekend because  if we can finish this bill in a satisfactory way to both Republicans  and Democrats and report it to the House when they return next week,  they will be able to take it up and move on it quickly.   There are so many Americans who are desperately waiting for word from  Washington as to what their future will be--first in terms of medical  care but second in terms of keeping their families together in  difficult times. I am not opposed, nor have I heard anyone opposed to  providing financial assistance to individuals and families who really  need it. We want to do that. I know the Presiding Officer has been a  leader on this issue as well. But we also were hoping that we can  include in this some guarantee that it won't be one-and-done, that it  isn't just a matter of providing this one check, stepping back, and  waiting for the consequences. We know many people are facing long-term  challenges and need an immediate and long-term commitment from us to  make sure their families can stay together during this difficult time.  I believe we can and should.   Let me close by saying this is an exceptional time. We are isolated  in one respect but closer in another. I think we all have come together  in ways unanticipated. I have been on two--FaceTime and Zoom--apps this  morning with members of my family, and we are doing this now almost on  a daily basis. I feel more connected now in one respect than usually is  the case. It is because we all care for one another. It goes beyond  families; I believe that sentiment is shared across America. We have to  keep it alive despite our political differences, despite all the things  that separate us. There is so much more that brings us together and so  much more that unites this country. We have to depend on that strength  now more than ever.   This is a challenge the likes of which we have never seen in our  modern history. We can rise to this challenge, as we have so often in  the past. I know we can do it in a unified way, bringing this Nation  together.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to clarify a statement I made  earlier. I said that, because of problems at the control tower at  Midway, Southwest Airlines had suspended its flights. It turns out it  has substantially curtailed its flights, but it has not suspended all  of its flights.   I want to put that on the record because, in this moment of great  national challenge, we should all take care that our remarks are  accurate. The earlier press report has been amended by the newspapers,  and I wanted to make my statement on the floor clear.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   