 Mr. President, the coronavirus has now been confirmed in  104 countries. There are more than 110,000 cases worldwide, and nearly  4,000 people have died. In the United States, we have more than 500  cases--including 7 in my home State of Illinois--and at least 20  deaths. With these numbers expected to increase, we must be prepared to  handle the cases that inevitably will follow.   As we consider the next step, it is imperative that we look at the  impact this public health emergency is having in all sectors of our  economy, including schools, hospitals, nursing homes, public health  departments, and small businesses. Last Friday, I held a roundtable  discussion with officials from the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention and the Illinois and Chicago Departments of Public Health,  as well as other local health officials. It was held in the medical  district in the city of Chicago. Experts updated us with the latest  information on the coronavirus and what is being done at the State and  local levels to prevent and address the outbreak. I am grateful for the  work these officials are doing to keep Illinois safe and healthy in our  homes, schools, and communities.   This is a serious public health challenge, and we are working  diligently to protect Americans from the virus. The seriousness of this  situation was evident by how quickly the House and Senate here in  Washington came together on a bipartisan basis to provide needed  emergency funding to help combat the virus. Last week, Congress  rejected President Trump's original funding request of $2.5 billion  and, instead, we secured $7.8 billion to address the virus in the  United States. This funding will reimburse State and local governments  for the millions of dollars they have already spent in containing the  spread of this virus.   The bill also included important measures for patient monitoring, lab  testing, acquisition of test kits, protective equipment, and research  for vaccine and therapeutics. Democrats successfully fought to include  a provision in the bill that will hopefully ensure  [[Page S1617]]  that any forthcoming coronavirus vaccine is accessible and affordable  for all Americans in need.   As we look forward to the next steps to respond to this public health  emergency, it is critical that Congress prioritize the health and  safety of workers and their families. Our public health experts are  rightfully telling people to stay home if they are sick. Yet for many  Americans, staying home means losing a paycheck that helps them pay  their rent, pay for food, medication, and childcare. For many American  families, losing a paycheck--even one--would be devastating. Nearly 40  percent of American adults do not have enough savings to cover a $400  emergency expense. I am proud to have helped introduce legislation last  week that would immediately provide 14 days of paid sick leave to  workers in light of coronavirus. It also is important that we ensure  workers have access to unemployment insurance benefits during this  uncertain time.   We passed a robust funding bill last week, but our work is far from  done. There will be far-reaching impacts of this outbreak. It is  imperative that we look forward to developing a comprehensive response  that benefits everyone, including America's working families and small  businesses, not just large corporations.   It is also important that we recognize the good work being done  around the country to combat this virus. The Argonne National  Laboratory in my State of Illinois is helping to address the threat  with the Advanced Photon Source. Researchers are using this high- powered x ray to study the virus. In fact, it was just announced last  week that potential drug targets have been identified for this  coronavirus by a team, including the University of Chicago,  Northwestern University, and the University of California, Riverside.  The scientists said their findings suggest drugs previously in  development to treat SARS could now be developed as an effective drug  against this coronavirus outbreak. This work by Argonne highlights how  we need to work with researchers from different subject areas and  expertise to address this pandemic and the importance of supporting  scientific research funding in places like the National Institutes of  Health.   It is coincidental that the Presiding Officer, the Senator from  Missouri, and I have worked together with Senator Alexander of  Tennessee and Senator Murray of Washington over the last several years  to consistently increase, year after year, the amount of money we  invest in the National Institutes of Health, our premier medical  research laboratory in the world.   If I am not mistaken, over this period of time--a matter of only 4  years--we have increased the expenditures for the National Institutes  of Health from $30 billion to more than $39 billion--a more than 5- percent-added increase over inflation every single year. During the  same period, I believe the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  has increased by about 16 percent, which is a good number but not good  enough. If anything, this pandemic that we face has reminded us of the  absolutely essential role that is played by the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention in protecting American families from the threat  of disease and the epidemic that we now may face with the coronavirus.  We need to make this investment every year, without fail, in our  medical research and medical prevention efforts in the United States.   I commend the Senator from Missouri, who is presiding, for his  leadership on this issue, and I want to continue to work with him on a  bipartisan basis to make sure this is done.   Discoveries like those at the Argonne National Laboratory are  fighting to give us a reason to increase the funding as well in our  basic Laboratories across the board. The Office of Science in the  Department of Energy is a very critical partner to our medical research  efforts, and we are learning that today as we face the coronavirus  threat. We have successfully increased this funding at the Laboratory  since fiscal year 2016. I am going to continue to work for more  increases in the future, and I hope my colleagues will join me on a  bipartisan basis.   It is important that we all remember to follow everyday precautions  and educate ourselves with the CDC's prevention guidelines. I have  probably washed my hands more this last weekend than during any weekend  of my life, but I believe now this has to be routine and normal for all  of us to default to washing our hands as frequently as possible and to  do it in a very serious and not haphazard way. Avoiding close contact  with those who are sick, staying home when you are sick, covering your  nose and mouth, and cleaning your hands often are the basics that even  the most accomplished of physicians tell us must be followed by  everyone.   Now that we have secured funding to help address the coronavirus in  an even more serious way in this country, we must look to this outbreak  and how it will affect our daily lives and our economy. We have to look  at the issues of paid sick leave for American workers, enhanced  unemployment insurance, transportation, food security, educational  plans, affordable treatment, and widespread and free coronavirus  testing. We know we are probably a year to a year and a half away from  the development of a vaccine, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't  redouble our efforts now to do it and to do it in the right way.   The health and safety of all Americans is the highest priority of our  U.S. Congress and our government. I stand ready to work with my  colleagues to provide the Federal resources that are necessary to  support and assist us in our progress against this threatening virus.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from  Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and  the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from  Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and  the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.   