 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 6535 would amend the Indian Health Care  Improvement Act to extend Federal Tort Claims Act coverage to urban  Indian  [[Page H7246]]  organizations, or UIOs. It would do so by deeming the UIOs and their  employees part of the Public Health Service.   Currently, urban Indian health organizations need to purchase  liability insurance with resources that could be better utilized to  expand services to Native Americans. The rising costs of liability  insurance and the general cost of providing healthcare services  adversely impact the ability of UIOs to provide needed services. As a  result, services are often substantially reduced or certain types of  staff are eliminated.   The Indian Health Service deems UIOs an integral part of the Indian  healthcare system. They provide high-quality, culturally relevant  healthcare and are often the only healthcare providers readily  accessible to urban American Indian and Alaska Native patients.   While there is general agreement and support that Federal Tort Claims  Act protections should be extended to UIO health facilities, I am  disappointed that the majority failed to consider technical amendments  provided by the Department of Health and Human Services.   Requests to address these legitimate concerns were dismissed shortly  after Chairman Grijalva of the Natural Resources Committee agreed to  keep working on the legislation before it would be considered on the  House floor. These technical changes would improve the legislation,  which may now face an uncertain future in the Senate. That  shortsightedness only hurts the very Native Americans that this bill is  trying to help.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 3250 would require the Secretary of the Interior  to conduct a special resource study of the sites associated with the  legacy of Julius Rosenwald, with special focus on the Rosenwald  Schools.   Julius Rosenwald was born in 1862, while Abraham Lincoln was  President, in a house just a block away from Lincoln in Springfield,  Illinois. He would eventually play his own major role in helping to  elevate our Nation's African-American citizenry.   A child of German immigrants, Rosenwald dropped out of high school  after two years to apprentice with his uncles, who were major clothing  manufacturers in New York City. He was active in the wholesale clothing  business from 1879, until he joined Sears and Roebuck in 1895.  Rosenwald became vice president and part owner of the company. Sears  was the Amazon of its day, and Rosenwald went to extraordinary lengths  to keep up with its growth.   After stepping down as president of Sears in 1924, Mr. Rosenwald  devoted most of his time to philanthropy. Over the course of his life,  he donated millions of dollars to public schools, colleges and  universities, museums, Jewish charities, and African-American  institutions.   Of all of his philanthropic efforts, Rosenwald was most famous for  the more than 5,000 Rosenwald Schools he established throughout the  South for poor, rural African-American youth, and the 4,000 libraries  he added to existing schools. These schools were cooperatively built  with the assistance from the local African-American communities.  Donations of land and labor by the local community were matched by  financial contributions of the Rosenwald Fund.   In fact, the great legacy is the number of leaders in the African- American community that would come back and  [[Page H7248]]  actually teach in the Rosenwald Schools. It was this effort, along with  Julius Rosenwald, that highlighted the disparities in the United States  educational system and highlighted the objectionable nature of separate  but equal tenets that predominated the school system under the law.   In fact, it was these efforts that helped Thurgood Marshall, when he  argued the case in 1954 before the Supreme Court, Brown v. Board of  Education, to successfully overturn these separate but equal tenets of  U.S. law at the time and found that separate but equal was indeed  unconstitutional.   It was the efforts of Julius Rosenwald, plus the tireless efforts of  African-American communities across the United States, that finally got  to a place that said, No, this is not the way our school system should  operate; we should, in fact, take up the cause of African-American  communities; they should, indeed, have equal school systems that are  not separate but that have all the assets and all the efforts and all  the focus that other schools had at the time.   This was the foundation of that.   Rosenwald, through his funding of these schools, actually was able to  elevate that issue to national prominence. I believe, and many others  believe, too, that it was one of the underlying principles and  arguments that Thurgood Marshall made before the Supreme Court in 1954.   In recent years, the National Trust for Historic Preservation, in  several State historic offices, have initiated programs to survey the  surviving Rosenwald Schools. In fact, in the First Congressional  District of Virginia, there are a number of remaining Rosenwald School  buildings that are, incredibly, in very good shape.    In fact, many of the community organizations have purchased the  buildings, have raised money to renovate the buildings, and put them  back into their original condition so that people can actually see how  education took place at that time.   They highlight, too, leaders in the African-American community who  actually went there and taught at those schools. Remember, these  teachers did everything. They came in, they stoked the fires in the  stove, and they prepared lunches for the students. They did everything  to keep these schools running. This is a tremendous story that needs to  continue to be told across the Nation.   As I said, these are indispensable parts of our community. This bill  would authorize a study to evaluate the national significance of  selected Rosenwald School sites and determine the suitability and  feasibility of designating these sites as a unit of the National Park  System.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 7460, the Peace Corps Commemorative Work  Extension Act, extends through January 24, 2028, the authority of the  Peace Corps Commemorative Foundation to establish a commemorative work  on Federal land in the District of Columbia or its environs to honor  and commemorate the mission and ideals of the Peace Corps.   Since President John F. Kennedy established the Peace Corps in 1961,  over 235,000 Americans have served as grassroots volunteers in villages  and towns in 141 countries worldwide. Peace Corps volunteers seek to  promote world peace and friendship by improving the lives of those they  serve by helping others understand American culture and by bringing  their experience back home to America.   It is fitting that this bill to extend the Commemorative Works Act  authorization for a Peace Corps Memorial is sponsored by President John  F. Kennedy's grandnephew, Representative  Joe Kennedy III.   I am grateful to the thousands of Americans who have served our  Nation honorably in the Peace Corps.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 5472 redesignates the Jimmy Carter National  Historic Site as Jimmy Carter National Historical Park. This site  includes President Carter's resident and boyhood home. Plains High  School serves as the site's visitor center. And the railroad depot,  which served as campaign headquarters during the 1976 Presidential  election, and also houses additional exhibits. Redesignation of the  site does not affect the laws or policies that govern the area, and the  primary impact of the passage of this legislation would be changing  signs, maps, and handouts.   Redesignation of the Jimmy Carter National Historic Site as a  national historical park does not affect the laws or policies that  govern the area, and I urge adoption of this measure.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   H.R. 5852 would redesignate Weir Farm National Historic Site in  Connecticut as a National Historical Park.   This 68-acre historic site is the only National Park System unit  dedicated to American painting and was established as a unit of the  system in 1990. It preserves the home, studio, and grounds of American  artist Julian Alden Weir.   Weir spent nearly four decades painting, and his artist friends  Childe Hassam, John Twachtman, Emil Carlsen, John Singer Sargent, and  Albert Pinkham Ryder often joined him there. Together, they created  masterpieces of light and color on canvas that came to define American  Impressionism.   Following his death, Weir's daughter, Dorothy Weir Young, an artist  in her own right, and her sculptor husband carried on the artistic  legacy at the farm. They were followed by New England painters Sperry  and Doris Andrews.   Madam Speaker, redesignation of Weir Farm as a national historic park  does not affect the laws or policies that govern the area. I urge  adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   