 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I had to look at my watch today to remind  myself it has been a week since the November 3 general election. I must  say, it seems it has been much longer than that.   Just as we have every 4 years throughout our Nation's history, the  American people voted for our next Commander in Chief. In the months  leading up to election day, we know the atmosphere was tense. The days  of counting that followed it have been, as well, but I have full faith  that our constitutional Republic is working just exactly the way it  should.   A record-setting 150 million people and counting cast a ballot this  election. In my State, there were 10.9 million voters--almost 11  million. The last time I was on the ballot, there were 4.7 million. So  we have seen a huge influx of people and increased participation in the  electoral process, and I think both of those are good things.   The reason people come to Texas is that we are still a land of  opportunity, where people can come and work hard, start out with  little, build something for themselves and their families, provide  value to others so they can come find a job and provide for their  families, which is, to me, the definition of the American dream.   We know that election workers and poll workers have worked across our  country to ensure that every legal vote--whether it was in person or by  mail--will be counted, and that is as it should be. I know major media  outlets have projected that former Vice President Biden has secured  enough electoral votes to be our next President, but there are still  votes to be counted. As my friend the majority leader noted yesterday,  the Constitution gives no role in this process to wealthy media  companies.   Between recounts and legal challenges, it is tough to say exactly  when the election will be certified. But if there are irregularities,  if there are  [[Page S6636]]  questionable practices or wrongdoing, President Trump and his  campaign--like every other candidate and their campaign--are entitled  to seek legal remedies in court. Of course, if they do, they will be  obligated to present evidence, which I understand is in the process of  being marshaled, and to do so, obviously, with dispatch.   But while this process may seem drawn out to us living in the moment,  legal challenges are not unprecedented. For example, back in 2000, we  remember--some of us remember, most of us remember--the example of Al  Gore, the Democratic nominee for President who didn't concede the  election until December 13. During the weeks following the election,  the American people waited patiently as the courts weighed in, and once  they did, we all accepted the result. Acceptance of the result is key.  I had faith in the process that led to that result just as I have faith  in the process and institutions that are working now.   When the Electoral College meets on January 6, 2021, every American  should have confidence in the free and fair elections that led to that  result. Let me say that again. When the Electoral College meets on  January 6, 2021, every American--win or lose--every American, every  candidate should have confidence in the free and fair elections that  led to the result. I think this is perhaps the single most important  reason to let the process that is currently underway run its course. If  one side or the other or, more importantly, the voters who, ultimately,  voted for the candidate who loses feel the process is unfair or has  been jammed through unreasonably, are they likely to accept the result  of the election or will they feel cheated? Well, acceptance of that  result is perhaps the single most important goal we ought to strive to  achieve.   The peaceful transition of power is perhaps the single greatest  feature of our constitutional system. Every 4 or 8 years, the most  powerful person in the world steps aside to allow their successor,  chosen by the people, to take charge. Of course, many wars have been  fought, blood has been shed, and lives have been lost to secure this  right to us as Americans and to ensure that peaceful transition of  power after all the votes are counted.   Yet in America, dating back to 1797, when Washington willingly passed  the torch to Adams, the peaceful transition of power has defined the  office of President. It is a legacy that our forefathers established  and one that generations of Americans have fought hard to protect. So  in 2 months' time, we will see this American constitutional process  play out once again. I have complete confidence in that conclusion.   While the Presidential race has dominated headlines over the last  week, it was only one of the many races on the ballot, as the Presiding  Officer knows from personal experience. From city halls to courthouses,  to State houses, to Congress, Americans cast their votes for leaders at  every level of government. I was honored--as I am sure my colleague  from Louisiana, the Presiding Officer, was--to be reelected by the  people of our State for another term in the U.S. Senate.   During the campaign, I had a chance to present my record of service,  and I was happy to do that to demonstrate that I have consistently  fought to protect the rights of Texans and create more opportunities  for every family to achieve their American dream.   Collectively, here in Washington, we have brought down taxes for  American families. We have empowered job creators. We have strengthened  our criminal background check system for gun purchases, and we have  reformed our criminal justice system, just to name a few things.   But we have also worked hard to make healthcare more affordable by  presenting more choices for consumers. We have supported quality  education, and we have tried to make sure that safe communities are a  reality for folks across the country and across the economic spectrum.   In Texas, we have provided funding to rebuild following hurricanes  and tornados and other natural disasters, like many other States.   And throughout the COVID-19 crisis, we have provided unprecedented  funding to help our frontline healthcare heroes, our small businesses,  and our families stay afloat amid so much uncertainty.   I am grateful for the opportunity to continue to fight for a bright  future for every family in Texas and to work with my colleagues to make  sure that same promise is a reality for all Americans, and that is true  regardless of who they voted for. That is exactly what I plan to do. I  don't just represent the people who voted for me in this election; I  represent all 29 million--and growing--Texans. I am honored to do it.   We have added a few new faces to the Texas delegation in the House,  and I am eager to work with these men and women and my friend Senator  Cruz as Team Texas as we continue our record of delivering for our  State. This is perhaps one of the most important lessons of Senator  Hutchinson, whom I served with here in the Senate and who is now our  Ambassador to NATO. She would always make this point to Republicans and  Democrats in the Texas delegation. She said: We may be Members of the  House or Members of the Senate. We may be Republicans or Democrats. But  we are Team Texas.   I have been proud to continue that spirit and that effort. I am proud  of the fact that in this election we increased the number of women  elected to Congress. At least 134 women will serve in the next  Congress, with a record number of Republican women in the House of  Representatives. For young women like my own daughters and younger  girls, in particular, this representation is long overdue--just like  Amy Coney Barrett, who was recently confirmed to the U.S. Supreme  Court. What a wonderful example and role model for young women and  maybe not so young women--for all women--and for all of us. It is  something we should celebrate.   While we are still waiting to know which party will hold the majority  here in the Senate--that will be determined on January 5 of 2021--it is  clear that there was no blue wave that swept the country.   My Republican colleagues and I in the Senate will continue to fight  against ideological policies from the left, or so-called progressives,  that were resoundingly rejected in this election. We are not going to  allow the Federal Government to tax Texas energy workers out of a job  by imposing a carbon tax. We are not going to let them hamstring our  police with unrealistic funding cuts or one-size-fits-all policies. And  we are not going to allow them to pack the U.S. Supreme Court with  political Justices intent on delivering results that couldn't be  achieved through the legislative process. And we are not going to let  them reverse the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, increase taxes, which will only  make it harder for working families to put food on their tables.   Now, the Presiding Officer and I both participated in an organization  called No Labels, and I am proud of the work I have done, regardless of  the fact I am a Republican and he is a Republican. We both know--we all  know--that you can't get things done here in Congress by just working  with people in your own political party. You have to work together.  Indeed, I think that is the genius of our system. It forces us to work  together if we want to get things done.   I am proud of being consistently ranked as one of the most bipartisan  Members of the Senate because I literally am willing to work with  anyone, Republican or Democrat, who wants to make progress on the  challenges that confront our Nation.   This came up in a recent conversation we had during a hearing just a  few minutes ago, talking about the lessons we have learned from the  coronavirus in terms of the vulnerability of our supply chains, whether  it is personal protective equipment that was overwhelmingly made in  China, which was threatened by the delay in reporting from China and  the hoarding and, literally, the global rush to hoard PPE for their own  countries and their own people.   But another example of that that we have worked on in a bipartisan  way--most recently, in the National Defense Authorization bill--was to  build more high-end semiconductors here in the United States. In 2019,  only 1 foundry was being built in the United States and 16 of them in  China, and you can imagine, if we are dependent for our economy, for  our national defense on a sophisticated semiconductor manufactured in  Taiwan, for example, that supply chain could be easily disrupted. So  [[Page S6637]]  I am proud of the fact that we did pass, in the Defense Authorization  bill, an amendment 96 to 4 to begin the effort to reduce the  vulnerability in our supply chain. That is an example of the kind of  thing that I think we need to do more of and which I am proud to be a  part of.   Well, I know Republicans have a long list of priorities, just as our  Democratic colleagues do, but we still have a couple of months before  the end of this Congress, and we need to find a way to work together in  the best interest of the American people. The lights don't go out on  the 116th Congress until January 3, which means we still have some  time.   I believe that over the last 2 years--notwithstanding what you hear  in the media, which tends to focus on those narrow areas where we  disagree the most and does not focus on the areas where we worked  cooperatively together because they, by definition, don't make news--we  have actually accomplished a lot for the country, and I will have more  to say about that in the coming days.   For now, I want to talk about the biggest remaining item on our to-do  list and, that is an additional coronavirus relief package.   Texas has just hit the unenviable milestone of 1 million confirmed  COVID-19 tests. More than 19,000 Texans have lost their lives due to  this virus, and our healthcare providers in some parts of the State are  still struggling to keep up with the cases that end up going into the  hospital. As we head into the winter months, experts are telling us  that things will get worse before they get better. It is part of the  seasonal impact of a virus like this.   While we will continue to do our duty as individuals--wash our hands,  mask when we can't socially distance, and the things we have learned to  do, such as to stay home if you are sick--it is clear we are not  through with this virus yet, even though we were delighted to hear some  of the prospects for a vaccine in the not-too-distant future.   In the meantime, we still need to make sure that the assistance that  we started in the first four bipartisan bills we passed, that we  continue that assistance both on the healthcare front and on the  economic front until we fully recover.   The researchers and scientists who have been developing a vaccine  over the last months have been making tremendous progress, and we need  to invest in their continued success. Once the vaccine is actually  approved as safe and effective by the FDA, the logistics of getting it  distributed across the country, prioritizing, I hope, the most  vulnerable Americans--those in nursing homes and assisted living  facilities and those with underlying chronic illnesses--that is an  enormous logistical challenge, and it is going to cost money.    At the same time, we need to make sure that our economic recovery  continues and that means we need to continue to safely reopen our  economy, just as our school children and our college students have  transitioned from a virtual educational experience back into the  classroom slowly but surely.   The unemployment rate in October dipped at 6.9 percent. Now, that is  still a far cry from the 3.5 percent unemployment we had before the  virus hit, but it is the lowest we have seen since the pandemic began,  and we need to make sure we don't backslide into the double digits.   Well, we know with the pendency of the election, after we passed the  CARES Act in late March, we tried, I think it was, four times to pass a  more targeted bill. We spent roughly $3.8 trillion in the first four  pieces of legislation, and many of us--me included--felt like we needed  to do more but on a targeted basis. The Speaker said, well, $3 trillion  was her pricetag. We offered a half a trillion dollars in additional  targeted relief, to which she replied, ``Nothing is better than  something,'' which made me do a double take. I always thought that  something was better than nothing, not ``nothing was better than  something.''   Regardless of that, now that the election, by and large--at least,  certainly, for Congress--is behind us, we need to address those people  who still need help. I hope our Democratic colleagues will join us and  not force the country to wait 2 more months. There is too much on the  line.   So I want to conclude by thanking the people of my State for the  opportunity to continue to fight for them here in the U.S. Senate, and  now I am happy to get back to work with all of my colleagues to deal  with this unfinished business.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   