 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are on the cusp of a historic bill  today--a bipartisan bill--that we took a different approach on, thanks  to Republican leadership. We asked the leaders of each of the  committees, both Democrats and Republicans, to focus on their portion  of the needs behind this COVID-19 crisis.   Before I get into my remarks today, though, I want to remind my  colleagues here today that we have sponsored a resolution recognizing  and thanking all the people in America who are stepping up and, as  others have said, putting their own health and their families' health  at risk to make sure that their neighbors and friends and patients and  business partners are taken care of. I am talking about supply chain  people, healthcare workers, transportation workers, ag industry--all  the people in the country who are keeping the essential needs of our  population going.   While restaurants are closed, they have takeout services, even here  in Washington, DC. That is not an easy thing to do for those folks. It  is a loss. They are losing money right now.   I want to make sure that we recognize, in the midst of this crisis,  how Americans are responding. Americans always respond to crisis in a  better way than anybody else in the history of the world, in my  opinion. Sometimes we are not always the quickest to recognize that we  are in a crisis, but, right now, we are responding to this one right  here before us.   As a matter of fact, I believe we have two crises today. One is  obviously the medical crisis--the healthcare crisis that we now are  characterizing as the COVID-19 virus. We know how it originated, and we  know now what other countries that were ahead of us in the cycle are  learning from that. But because of that, we have a connecting economic  crisis that we are trying to deal with in this piece of legislation  today.   I hope we can get this done tonight. I don't see any reason why we  can't. We have a deal. There are some questions here in the last hour,  but I think we will get those done and hopefully get this vote going  tonight.   As we deal with these two crises, it is my suggestion that we look at  how we address dealing with this crisis in three phases. One is we are  in the middle of the first phase right now, and I would characterize it  as mobilization, where we are identifying the severity of the disease;  we are identifying who is the most vulnerable; we are identifying what  we need to do to deal with it; and we are mobilizing behind it.   We have seen a dramatic increase in the number of tests, thanks to  Vice President Pence. We still have shortages of testing kits, swabs,  and reagents, and even testing machines. But we have things, like in my  State, where one of our major hospitals, Emory University Hospital, has  their own testing. They can do it in a number of hours versus days, and  they are making that available to other hospitals in the State. This is  all hands on deck. And they will probably lose money doing that, but  they are willing to do that.    We have an apparel company in Georgia that has now shut down their  business in apparel. They have good orders, profitable orders. They are  putting those aside to make masks to try to help fill the need there  and those shortages.   But the mobilization phase is where we are today. Based on the  experiences of other countries, we are identifying what we might expect  here. We have hot spots in our country, just like other countries have  had. We saw what happened in Wuhan and Hubei Province in China. I have  been there. It is a very old population--older population. They were  late getting to the identification, treatment, and isolation, and we  see the repercussions of that. But what we can learn from them is that  they are ahead of us in the cycle. However they dealt with that in the  early days, we see now how they have dealt with that crisis and what is  happening with the numbers, and we can learn from that. I will talk  about that in a second.   The second phase, though, is transition. This is one that I am not  sure we are in it yet, but we are about to go into it partly because of  this package; that is, to make sure that we protect the parts of the  economy that we can so that when we do start to come out of this, just  like every other country ahead of us in the cycle has done and is doing  right now, we will have our businesses in a position to reconnect with  the employees they have worked so hard to develop.   Of course, the third phase is full-on recovery; that is, to do the  things to get the economy back on its strong footing and to make sure  we address the shortages that we found in our current preparation for  this. For example, we didn't have a strategic stockpile of some of the  essential medical supplies we needed for the identification, testing,  and treatment of this particular virus.   That recovery will take some time, but at the same time, as America  always responds to these sorts of things, I believe we can respond very  quickly if we get the transition phase correct, and that is what I want  to talk about today.   As we look at the medical crisis, though, we understand now, through  a lot of data outside of the United States--and I will caveat this by  saying that each country's experience is just a little bit different. I  would also comment that there is a lot of noise in the data that I see  around the world right now. The medical community is doing a great job  of trying to aggregate this data to see how it applies to our needs  here at home.   I give our doctors and nurses and caregivers the highest thank-you I  can for what they are doing here and all over the world, for that  matter. But the experience in Italy might not be the same as it is  here. The experience in South Korea might not be the same as it is  here. So we have to look at those and be very careful that we don't try  to extrapolate either the severity or lack of severity as being  applicable here.   Before I get to the bill, what we do know, though, is that just this  week, the World Health Organization published an update to their  numbers. They are characterizing this disease this way--and every  country has a little bit different infection rate and a little  different mortality rate. I believe in the United States, because we  haven't tested as broadly as some of the other countries have--like  South Korea--we don't know what the denominator is yet, so we really  don't know what the mortality rate is, or the infection rate, for that  matter.   But just to put this into perspective, this is from the World Health  Organization: About 80 percent of the people infected with this COVID- 19 virus will probably have a mild--that is the way they characterize  it--experience with this disease. Fifteen percent will be serious  enough to go to a hospital, and then of that, 5 percent will be  critical patients, typically generally toward the more vulnerable  patients--the elderly, people with respiratory preexisting diseases or  who have potentially immune deficiencies.   As we deal with that medical crisis--and we poured a lot of resources  toward that in the first two phases of help, in addition to what the  President did with his $50 billion allocation earlier--in this bill,  almost $2 trillion of aid, as we see it, goes toward businesses and  communities and States to make sure that we can weather this storm.   Let's be very clear about this. This is not about companies. This is  about employees. This is about the people who work for employers,  either in their own business or in somebody else's business. This is  all about employees. It is merely a financial bridge to get through  this period of time, to get into that recovery phase that I was trying  [[Page S2038]]  to describe here a little earlier. It is about the employer-employee  relationship and to make sure we keep that relationship intact.   In the last 3 years, we created 7.5 million new jobs. Prior to this  coronavirus crisis, we had an economy that was just booming. It created  7.5 million new jobs. We had 7.5 million job openings, as a matter of  fact, and only 5 million people looking for work. So we had a situation  where we had the economy moving in the right direction, and then this  hits. We want to make sure we don't lose any of those jobs, and for  that reason, we focused on the employer-employee relationship.   Yes, we plussed up unemployment benefits for the States so that they  are not overwhelmed, but we made sure the employer had the liquidity to  keep these people employed. In that vein, we did not want to have a  liquidity crisis, which we could very well have right now because of  shutting down these businesses. We didn't want that liquidity crisis to  turn into an insolvency crisis. We can deal with a liquidity issue. It  is very difficult to come back and deal with companies that have gone  insolvent and are now in bankruptcy proceedings. That is a very long  and difficult process. It is difficult to come back from. We do not  want to do that. And that was the primary purpose of most of the facets  of this bill--some $2 trillion.   I will say this about that. There are two major components to do  that. One is a small business contingency. A little over 50 percent of  the people who work in America work for companies that have 500  employees or fewer. That is a new learning for me. That has changed  dramatically. But it is the engine--this is not new news--this is the  engine of new job growth in the last 3 years. We know that.   Well, we have $350 billion directly targeted toward those small  businesses, which could then, by the way, go to their existing local  banker and get this contingency, a government-backed loan guarantee.   In addition to that, there is $454 billion directed at other  businesses, plus another $58 billion toward strategically important  industries, like our airline industry and so forth. Again, most of this  money is in the form of loan guarantees to provide liquidity to keep  the employees employed with their employers. It is no more difficult  than that.   But there is one other thing that is not being discussed, and I want  to highlight this, and that is, $454 billion is historic. That is a lot  of money. But it has the ability--through the Treasury, they can  actually lever that up in terms of the way the money goes out to banks.  It can be levered up to $3 or $4 trillion. So what we are talking about  here is the potential of up to $5 trillion of liquidity into our  economy. This is historic, and it should be enough to shock the system  to say: OK, there is going to be liquidity here. There may be some  growing pains in the early days, but the liquidity is going to be there  to weather this storm, to bridge this crisis.   I want to look at what is next. I will talk about this transition  phase and maybe even the recovery phase for a second   The first thing we have to do is we have to really learn from other  countries that are ahead of us in the cycle. For example, it took about  6 to 8 weeks for China, even with their mistakes, to go from zero to  their maximum number. We know the disease has a life cycle. If somebody  is infected with it, if they survive, they come on the back side. So  far, there are over 70,000 people who have had the disease in China and  are healthy now.   We know from anecdotal evidence on the ground that about 80 percent  of the employed workers in China are beginning to go back to work in  almost 90 percent of the factories. This is outside of Wuhan and Hubei  Province. They are going back to work.   In South Korea, the learning there is testing, testing, testing, but  more than that, they also track contacts. There are 50 million people  in South Korea. We have 330 million. It is a little different here. But  in certain cities and States, they can certainly look at doing that.   So we have to learn from countries like South Korea, Japan,  Singapore, Hong Kong, Australia, and even China because they are ahead  of us in this cycle.   In the first few weeks of this cycle, we should be going from zero to  whatever our maximum number is. But it is the number of active cases  that is the most important, not the number of total cases.   The mortality rate is yet to be determined because we don't really  know the denominator. But I believe, if we can test more--and according  to Vice President Pence, the acceleration curve for that is underway  right now, and we will have the ability to do that.   Contact tracking is another, and then isolation is another one we  have to think about, unfortunately. We have hot spots. With the Ebola  crisis in Africa, what we learned from the medical community was that  if they could put a full court press on the areas of flaring, where  they had the disease flare up, and isolate it so they didn't have  people traveling outside of those areas--isolation by geography and  demography are unfortunately called for if we are going to do  everything we have to do to control this disease in the timeframe that  we should.   The third thing I will highlight briefly is that I believe right now  this shows that we were behind in terms of our preparation for a  pandemic like this--there is no question about it--in the country and  the world. We can point fingers and blame. That is not my purpose  today. What I want to say about this is that in America, if we can  bring the world's resources of data--this is the big thing. We have  limited data in the United States. Other countries have a lot of data.  I believe that if we aggregate that data and create a Manhattan  Project-type effort to go toward vaccines and treatments, we can  absolutely be ready for flu season next year if, in fact, this  particular COVID-19 virus has a seasonality. We don't know that yet.   In conclusion, there is no question that this is a moment of  challenge in America. I will say this: President Trump, for all his  distractors, early on stepped up and was a strong leader. I said this  several years ago--he reminded me of Winston Churchill: irascible but  effective in getting results. That is what we had early on.   Right now, we need a steady hand to make sure we don't kill the  economy while we kill this disease. And my only point is that in this  transition period--and nobody has all the answers yet--we need to start  asking the question of what we can do in this transition period to find  a balance between protecting life and protecting the economy long term  so that when people get well, they will have a job to go back to and  will have an economy that can help the world prepare for the next  pandemic that we are talking about here.   The American people have the best spirit, I believe, in the history  of the world when it comes to dealing with this crisis. I have talked  about a couple of examples in my State.   The airlines right now are another one. I know that Delta is one of  the primary airline carriers we have in the country. They are keeping  some flights on. I know I have a reservation on a commercial flight  later this week, and I asked my assistant: Are you sure I can get a  seat on that plane?   She said: Yes. There are only five people who have booked seats on  that plane.   So it shows that people are trying to do their part here--neighbors,  people going to their grocery stores for their neighbors, taking care  of picking up the mail, doing anything they can to protect the people  who are at risk. In small communities, we know how to do that. In major  cities, it is difficult, but it is even possible there.   I will conclude with this: There is a day coming--and it is not that  far off--that we will be behind the top end of this curve in America.  We will have lost some lives. That is unfortunate. We all regret that.  But what we have to do now is to make sure we prepare ourselves for  this transition phase, that while we are still dealing with people who  are getting the disease, the disease is on the wane, and the economy  needs to be brought back so that we can make sure that we can prepare  this country for the next round that we may or may not see in the  future.   With that, I yield the floor.   