 Mr. President, I heard a lot about Doug Jones before  he got here from another courageous former U.S. attorney, Hal Hardin  from Nashville. I was not disappointed when he arrived.   Doug Jones reminds me of another former Democrat who was very  effective in the Senate, Ted Kennedy. Ted Kennedy would come on the  floor and make the most--well, no one could ever say he abandoned his  principles, based upon his speeches. He would stand back there in the  back, and the things he would say would rally any Republican Lincoln  Day Dinner. In fact, all I had to do back in Tennessee to stir up the  Republican crowd was to mention Ted Kennedy. I did that on a regular  basis.   However, when I made my maiden address, without my knowing it, Ted  Kennedy went around and got 20 cosponsors for the legislation I  introduced that day, and I got a good dose of what it means to be an  effective U.S. Senator, somebody who sticks to his or her opinions but,  at the same time, who knows we are here to try to work on some sticky  issues and get a result that most of us can vote for and that the  country can accept.   In his time here, Doug Jones did that. I got to watch him because he  was a member of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.  Senator Kennedy used to chair that committee, working with Senator  Enzi, Senator Gregg, Senator Hatch, and others to produce a lot of  legislation. He used to say that committee has one-third of all the  jurisdiction in the Senate. Maybe that is about right.   Doug Jones was one of the newest Senators. We have 23 members. He was  way down at the end of the line, but I noticed he always came and he  always asked questions and he always listened. He seemed to me to be  trying to say what he believed but learn from the witnesses how to get  a result.   Let me just mention one contribution he made that I think will stick  with him and with the people of Alabama and this country for a long  time. That was the work we did in 2019. Senator Murray and I, Doug  Jones, Senator Tim Scott, Senator Bennet of Colorado were on it from  the beginning to do two things at once that helped low-income Americans  who wanted to go to college.   The first was to simplify the dreaded FAFSA, the Federal Aid  application form that 20 million Americans fill out every year that is  108 questions long. About 90 of them are unnecessary; everybody agrees.  For years, we have been working on that to try to simplify it. Finally,  we got a significant part of that done.   Doug Jones played a major role in that because what that legislation  did was to say to the low-income family in Alabama or Tennessee or  Arkansas or Illinois--wherever--you don't have to send your tax  information into the Federal Government twice and let them then see if  they can catch you making a mistake and hold up your Pell grant for 2  months while you figure that out. All you have to do is check a box,  and the Internal Revenue Service will fill out the tax questions on  your Pell grant application for you so that there is no chance of  making a mistake. That made a big difference. And at the very same  time, we agreed--Republicans and Democrats--to permanently fund  historically Black colleges. It was a goal that had been there for a  long time.    So I would say to my friend from Alabama that I hope he puts that on  his wall somewhere because that helps a few hundred thousand low-income  families in Alabama alone. There is some work still to be done on that  to finish the job, to finish the FAFSA simplification, and there may be  some other support for historically Black colleges that we might even  be able to get done while you and I are still here.   Yet I wanted to acknowledge a Senator who arrived, went to work,  stuck to his principles, worked across the aisle, and got results. You  can't have a much better scorecard than that.   I yield the floor.   