 Madam President, the best part of any debate is when you  see people twisting themselves in knots, going against their own  alleged principles to get their desired result. Today, the subject is  war powers. The hawks and the neocons somehow want you to believe, in  contrast to all logic, that the President of the United States has the  unitary power to go to war anytime he wants, anywhere, free from  interference from Congress. That is their stated position anytime war  comes up. Yet, today, in the NDAA, they say they now want a President  that cannot leave a war without their permission.   How absurd is that? They believe that a President has the power go to  war anywhere, anytime, but when a President tries to remove troops they  say: Oh, no, no. What we really want are 535 generals in Congress to  tell him he can't leave a war. How absurd is that?   It is exactly the opposite of what both the Constitution and logic  would dictate. When Congress tried to impose time limits on troop  engagements during the Iraq war, the neocons squawked that it would be  a mistake to have 535 generals. They said the execution of the war was  a prerogative of the President--until a President decided he wanted to  leave a war.   During the Bush administration, Dick Cheney and a team of legal  apologists argued for something they call the unitary executive theory.  Professor Edelson at American University describes this theory of an  all-powerful Commander-in-Chief concept: This unitary executive theory  claimed to justify, effectively, unchecked Presidential power over the  use of military force, the detention and interrogation of prisoners,  extraordinary rendition, and intelligence gathering.   According to the unitary executive theory, since the Constitution  assigns the President all of the executive power, he can set aside laws  that attempt to limit this power over national security. This is an  enormous power. Critics say that it effectively puts the President  above the law. But this is the belief of the neocons. They say: ``The  President is all-powerful,'' until they say, ``Well, unless the  President is trying to stop a war, then we must shackle the President  with rules and regulations and make sure that he cannot leave a war  unless Congress says so.'' That is what the NDAA will do this year.   These same people who advocated for virtually unlimited Commander-in- Chief powers have put forth limits in this bill to restrain a President  from removing troops from a country. Effectively, these neocons put  forth a belief that the Commander in Chief has virtually unlimited  power to initiate war, but they are just fine with hamstringing and  preventing the Commander in Chief from ending a war.   Hypocrisy, anyone? Without a shred of embarrassment, these neocons  happily constrain a President from leaving a war theater while they  also simultaneously argue for a President who can  [[Page S7393]]  start war anytime, anywhere across the globe without congressional  authorization. Our Founding Fathers would be appalled.   Primary among our Founders' concerns was that the power to initiate  war not be in the hands of one person. As Madison wrote in the  Federalist Papers, the executive is the branch of government most prone  to war. Therefore, the Constitution, with studied care, vested the war- making powers in the legislature.   To our Founders, initiation of war was the sole prerogative of  Congress. But a great deal of discretion was given to the President in  article II to execute the war. The neocons forever believed in this  discretion. They said the war shouldn't be fought by 535 generals in  Congress; we should give the President the freedom and power to execute  the war. And, largely, they are correct--until they pop their heads up  today and say, unless the President wants to stop a war, then we take  it all back. What we really want is a President who can't execute a war  or execute the end of a war without the permission of Congress.   Likely, our Founders would have agreed with the common complaint that  we don't need 535 generals in Congress. In other words, success in war  requires most decisions on executing the war to be in the hands of one  person--the President. Even I, who have been opposed to most of the  recent overseas activities and wars--even I believe that once Congress  initiates it, most of the decisions should be made by the President.   The decision to go to war requires the consensus, the initiation--the  beginning of war requires the consensus of 535 Members of Congress  under the Constitution. It is very clear. They debated it over and  over, and they said: Initiation, declaration of war, should be done by  Congress. But the execution of the war would largely be left up to the  President. Many, many current and former Members of Congress have  agreed.   Representative Liz Cheney has argued that the nature of military and  foreign policy demands the unity of the singular executive and that the  Founders certainly did not intend, nor does history substantiate, the  idea that Congress should legislate specific limits on the President's  powers in wartime.   Liz Cheney, who is also, ironically, the author of this amendment to  the NDAA, said we shouldn't limit the President's powers in times of  war and then she authors a limitation on the President removing troops  from war. So which is it? I guess she is only for this unitary power-- she is only for this all-powerful Commander in Chief when they fight  war. But if a President wants to end a war, oh, no, Congress has to  stop them at all costs from ending a war.   I think what comes out of this is that the neoconservative philosophy  isn't so much about a unitary executive, isn't so much about an all- powerful Commander in Chief, the philosophy of these people is about  war and substantiating war and making sure that it becomes and is  perpetual war.   Senator Graham said the one thing he has been consistent on is that  ``there is 1 Commander in Chief, not 535'' these are his words ``and I  believe this Commander in Chief and all future Commanders in Chief are  unique in our Constitution and have an indispensable role to play when  it comes to protecting the homeland. If we have 535 commanders in  chief, then we are going to be less safe.''   I guess, except for this bill, which actually creates 535 generals in  Congress to tell the President, not just this President--and some of it  is anger. It is partisan anger. People don't like President Trump--but  this will bind all future Presidents. This isn't just about this  President.   When Lindsey Graham says we don't want 535 Commanders in Chief, if  this is his belief, he should vote against this bill because this bill  creates 535 Commanders in Chief.   The late Senator McCain said: ``It would be a very serious situation  where we now have 535 commanders in chief . . . the President of the  United States is the only commander.''   Senator Inhofe, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, has  said: ``We don't need the 535 generals in Congress telling our troops  how to win this fight,'' except for we are going to pass a bill that I  assume all of these folks will vote for that actually creates 535  generals in Congress to say to the President--to this one or any  President--that he can't leave the theater in Afghanistan without their  permission. It is a tragedy; it is hypocrisy; and it is a terrible  bill.   Of course, there is also former Vice President Dick Cheney, who was  adamant that the War Powers Resolution, which requires the President to  simply report to Congress on matters of war, was unconstitutional as  ``an infringement of the president's authority as the commander in  chief.''   Senator Alexander also said ``there is a reason why we don't have 535  commanders in chief or 100 commanding generals each saying charge down  this street or over that hill.''   I tend to agree, except for it seems to be one-sided. These people  seem to believe that we shouldn't have 535 generals in Congress when it  is about initiating war. But when it comes to removing troops from the  battle, when it comes to finally coming home after America's longest  war in Afghanistan, they all say: Oh, no, no, no. You are wrong. We are  not going to let you come home. We are going to restrict and restrain  the powers of the Commander in Chief because we don't want to end the  Afghan war.   It seems as if the only thing you can conclude is they really don't  care about their theory of an all-powerful Commander in Chief; they  care more about perpetuating the Afghan war.   Until recently, this chorus of voices sang of nothing but the  almighty, endless powers that Presidents have as Commander in  Chief. That is, until a President arrived on the scene who wanted to  reduce overseas troop levels and end America's longest war in  Afghanistan. Then the promoters of a strong Commander in Chief suddenly  jumped ship and began advocating the opposite. They began advocating  that 535 Members of Congress should, indeed, become generals and should  limit the President's ability to remove troops from Afghanistan.    Which is it? Are you for this unlimited power of the President to  commence and execute war or are you only for it when they are  initiating war, when they are continuing war, and against Presidential  prerogative if the President chooses to end a war?   Shouldn't we call out this hypocrisy? Shouldn't someone stand up and  express and expose this rank demagoguery? Shouldn't someone cry foul  that the advocates of unlimited Presidential power want it only to  apply when that President advocates for war? But the moment a President  advocates to end a war or lessen overseas troops and these deployments,  he or she must be shackled by 535 generals.   This Defense authorization bill could more aptly be called ``A Bill  to Prevent the President from Ending the Afghan War.'' We never  actually give the real titles to the bill, but that would be an  accurate title: ``A Bill to Prevent the President from Ending the  Afghan War.''   As such, any serious advocate for ending the Afghan war should vote  against this monstrosity. The neocon advocates for Presidential war  powers should own up to their hypocrisy and admit that their love of  perpetual war trumps their oft-stated unitary executive theory.   In reality, the neocons are enamored of their theory of unbounded  Presidential power only when that power is used to foment war. The  minute a President decides to end war, the neocons' true stripes are  exposed as they beat their chest and proclaim--as 535 generals might-- that the President will not be allowed to remove troops without  congressional permission.   This bill sets a very dangerous precedent for limiting a President's  power to end war and should be vigorously opposed.   