 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time.   Madam Speaker, today's rule contains a resolution that will really  fundamentally change the proceedings of this House of Representatives.  Once that passes--and it will, because this House is ruled by the  majority--we will then take up a $3 trillion assistance bill.   It is not the first time this week that the majority Democrats have  trampled on the rights of the Republican minority. Allowing multiple  Members to vote by proxy does not seem like representative government.  I, for one, will not give away the vote of the people of the 26th  District to someone they did not elect. Governing is difficult, but we  sought the jobs and we need to get back to work.   Far too many American lives have been lost to the pandemic. This  novel coronavirus continues to wreak havoc on our healthcare, as well  as our economy. There are plenty of things we could have done in the  House on the Committee on Energy and Commerce during the last several  months which were undone.   We passed a bill called the Pandemic All-Hazards Preparedness Act.  This was a good bill, and it was signed into law in June of 2019, 6  months before the pandemic started.   We could have had a realtime oversight of this bill that we had just  passed in the month of February ask the questions: Is it doing what we  thought? Are we achieving what we attempted to achieve with that bill?   Here is a realtime test, a stress test, but we chose not to do it. We  had hearings on flavored tobacco and horse racing instead.   In an effort to show what we should be working on, I wrote a series  of hearing request letters this week to the Committee on Energy and  Commerce Health Subcommittee chair, including work on the Strategic  National Stockpile, mental health, racial disparities, provider relief,  and testing. We should be working through authorizing committees to  improve our Nation's public health response to this pandemic.   State testing capacity has gotten substantially better, but we must  reflect on what went wrong so we make sure that it does not happen  again in the future.   I, frankly, do not understand what happened at the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention in the month of February of this year.  We have never really asked the question at the committee level. We  should have.   If we don't understand what went wrong, how do we prevent it from  happening again if the virus makes a resurgence, if some other virus  makes an appearance?   Congress, recognizing the importance of widespread diagnostic  testing, did take action to encourage the development of testing  strategies, and billions of dollars have been directed towards testing  in our four previous response bills. But now we are poised to push $3  trillion of taxpayer money out the door, and we should evaluate, we  should have the evaluation of what is the current state of our response  and our recovery, including our testing strategy.  [[Page H2012]]    Madam Speaker, we have to get this right for the American people.   