 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, colleagues, we are in the middle of a  whole bunch of really important debates right now about the National  Defense Authorization Act, trying to avoid a shutdown by the end of the  day, and, of course, trying to find a path forward to authorize funding  to continue to combat this pandemic.   But it is worth noting today that an effort to overturn the 2020  election continues and, in many ways, is picking up steam, and we need  to talk about the consequences for the Nation.  [[Page S7438]]    Democracies are really fragile things. Ours only continues because we  make choices so that it can remain. Our government really isn't a piece  of paper upon which the Constitution is written. Our government--where  voters, citizens, not kings or monarchs or oligarchs, decide who  governs--is made possible by a series of decisions that we make every  single day to put the rule of law ahead of our own political power or  the position of our political party. That is the history of America-- our decision that democracy comes first, not the perpetuation of our  own political power.   Right now, the most serious attempt to overthrow our democracy in the  history of this country is underway. Those who are pushing to make  Donald Trump President for a second term, no matter the outcome of the  election, are engaged in a treachery against their Nation.   You cannot, at the same time, love America and hate democracy. But as  we speak, a whole lot of flag-waving Republicans are nakedly trying to  invalidate millions of legal votes because that is the only way they  can make Donald Trump President again.   It is the only way they can make Donald Trump President again because  he didn't win. Our democracy, the citizens of this country, chose Joe  Biden to be President of the United States. He won the popular vote in  a landslide, and he won the electoral college by a substantial margin.   But now, Republicans have decided--not all Republicans--but far too  many have decided that if democracy can't keep Trump in power, then  democracy ceases to have any real purpose because, to Republicans who  are supporting these continued efforts to invalidate the election,  their loyalty is to Donald Trump, not to the Nation or our system of  government. Their No. 1 goal is to keep Trump in power, and if that  means throwing out the election and turning America into something  other than a democracy in which the voters get to choose their leaders,  then so be it.   Here is the latest. This lawsuit is supported by 106 House  Republicans. That is more than half of the Republicans who serve in the  House of Representatives. It is supported, apparently, by many Senate  Republicans as well. This lawsuit is an attempt to overthrow democracy.   Now, you can laugh at it; you can scoff at it; you can suggest that  it has no chance to prevail if it reaches the nine Supreme Court  Justices. But let's be clear about what it argues, and let's be clear  about the consequences for so many elected officials at the highest  level of American Government supporting this lawsuit.   What it argues is that the votes in four States--Pennsylvania,  Georgia, Wisconsin, and Michigan--should be thrown out because Trump  didn't win. It asks for the State legislatures, controlled by  Republicans, to appoint electors instead. Now, there are a bunch of  vague, unsourced claims about voter fraud in this lawsuit, but there is  not a shred of evidence for these claims. All of the individual  lawsuits trying to allege voter fraud, trying to create contests about  how laws were modified regarding voting in these States, have all lost.    Importantly, the lawsuit doesn't ask for another canvass or another  count; it just asks for the votes in these States to be disregarded and  for Republican politicians in these States to make the choice instead.   Already in Pennsylvania, the State legislature's Republican  leadership has expressed support for appointing electors who would  choose Donald Trump. Let me say that again. This lawsuit says that in  Pennsylvania, the State legislature should choose the electors, not the  people. And in Pennsylvania, the leadership of the Republican Party in  the legislature has expressed support for appointing electors who will  choose Donald Trump instead of Joe Biden despite the fact that Joe  Biden won the State of Pennsylvania by 80,000 votes--80,000 votes. This  isn't 500 votes, like Florida in 2000--80,000 votes.   The request of this lawsuit is clear: Throw out the votes in these  four States that Joe Biden won and just give the election to Donald  Trump instead.   Some of my Republican Senate colleagues sent out pretty mealy-mouthed  statements supporting the general right to count every legal vote and  to contest illegal votes, but that is not what this lawsuit is about.  It just asks for the whole vote to be thrown out. It asks for every  vote in these States to be disregarded.   Other Republicans who haven't signed on to this suit suggest that it  won't succeed in the Supreme Court; it is a sideshow, so why really  care? Well, we have to care. The majority of Republican Members of  Congress believe that Donald Trump should be named President again  despite the fact that he lost and lost by a lot. It wasn't close in the  popular vote or in the electoral college. We should care because this  attempt to overthrow democracy won't be successful this time--Joe Biden  is going to be President--but it plainly shows us the direction that  the Republican Party is heading, and they control governments in a lot  of really important States and jurisdictions.   The majority of Republicans in the House of Representatives  apparently believe that if a Democrat wins an election, it is  illegitimate by definition. There is no evidence of fraud or stolen  votes or vote-rigging in the 2020 election. You can be mad about the  fact that States allow for mail-in voting; but Republican and  Democratic States allow for it. You can be angry that the majority of  those votes this year were cast in favor of Joe Biden in many of these  States, but in previous years, the majority of mail-in votes had been  favoring Republicans.   But no matter the lack of evidence about voter fraud, Republicans,  including the President, have just come to the conclusion that  Democrats must have cheated because Democrats are evil, and lots of  people show up to Donald Trump rallies. You know, there is just no way  that all of these people could have voted for Joe Biden because FOX  News and Newsmax and RT--they tell us that Trump is just so popular.   This mindset won't win out this time. Joe Biden is going to be  President. But what about next time? What if the next Presidential  election is closer? What if 2024 comes down to just one State? It is a  lot easier to steal one State. What if these radical anti-Democrats get  control of more secretary of state offices or election boards and there  is a close race for Governor in 2022 or the U.S. Senate, and these same  people who support the Texas lawsuit decide again that there is no way  a Democrat could have won our State, and so by definition it has to be  fraudulent, despite the lack of evidence, so let's just throw out the  result and choose a Republican?   I know this kind of sounds farfetched, but this is exactly what this  lawsuit is asking for. It is asking for the vote to be thrown out in  four States and Donald Trump to be named President regardless of the  fact that he lost, with no evidence of any voter fraud or illegal  behavior.   There is a majority of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican  caucus who supports this, so it stands to reason that this won't all of  a sudden stop being their position 2 years from now and 4 years from  now. If that happens and the voters' will is thrown out--not just in a  Presidential election but in a Governor's race or a U.S. Senate race or  a congressional race--then our country will no longer be a democracy.  If that happens, the American experiment will be done. It will be over.   That is why this moment is so frightening, no matter the fact that it  is not going to be successful in an attempt to keep Donald Trump  barricaded in the White House. That is why more Republicans than just a  handful in this country need to be standing up to this lawsuit and this  claim that the vote should be thrown out, because you have a majority  of Republicans in this country who believe that Joe Biden won the  election fraudulently when there is no evidence that that happened.  That belief, as it festers and it grows--this idea that if Democrats  win, it has to be because of fraud--it does eventually lead to the  voters' will being overturned, and that will be the end of American  democracy.   Don't just assume that this system is going to be around for another  240 years. It is a miracle that we have held this together thus far. It  is just a series of choices that we make. The Constitution itself is  not strong enough, is not durable enough without all of us making a  decision that even if we lose an election, even if that means that  temporarily our political power is lessened,  [[Page S7439]]  that we accept the result because what matters most in this country is  what the voters choose, not how it affects us.   It is not enough to just punt here and say ``Ah, the President has a  right to go to court; let's just see what happens'' because when the  overthrow of democracy is beginning and you are sitting on the  sidelines, you are a collaborator. And there are way too many high- profile Republicans who march around the world giving speeches about  the importance of protecting democracy who are awfully silent when the  attempted overthrow is happening in their own country. Nobody can stay  silent right now.   There are a lot of other important things happening in the Senate  today. I am engaged in those as well. It is true, this effort to  overthrow the 2020 election is not going to bear fruit, and so it is  tempting to just work on the other things and to ignore this lawsuit  and these attempts because this time, it won't be successful. But all  of this effort, supported by so many mainstream Republicans, is setting  a precedent and is creating conditions that could easily overthrow the  next election. If the Republican Party just allows for this assault on  the 2020 election to continue, no matter whether it ultimately is  successful, then by 2022 or 2024, I am telling you, it might be too  late to save our democracy.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   