 Madam President, I would like to associate myself with  the  [[Page S1978]]  remarks of the Republican whip. The time for political games is over.  It is time to get this piece of legislation passed and signed into law.  The American people need it. They want it, and they are watching.   Yesterday, the U.S. Surgeon General warned us. He said: ``This week,  it's going to get bad.'' He was talking about the healthcare aspects of  it.   I was on the phone last night, along with my colleague, Senator Enzi,  in a telephone townhall meeting, talking to people all around Wyoming.   It is not just the healthcare side of it that is going to get bad.  The economic side of it is going to get bad, as people who every day  want to get up and go to work are now, for the first time in a long,  long time, told they can't do so, not by their employer but by the  government.   I have been visiting with doctors. Our healthcare providers are  expecting more patients today and tomorrow and through the week. Some  healthcare systems are being overrun. We need to get this done today.   Americans are doing their part in preventing community spread of the  virus, but the men and women on the frontline taking care of those  patients need resources that would be included in this bill, and we  need to get this passed today.   The private sector mobilized to provide more tests, more masks, more  respirators, and more ventilators. They are doing their job. This  Senate needs to do its job today. The administration has green-lighted  scientific breakthroughs and flexibility for our healthcare system.   The Senate has had a bipartisan process throughout this entire  process, as the Senator from South Dakota has just outlined. Working  groups have been coming up with bipartisan solutions. Together we have  put together the largest economic and healthcare rescue package in the  history of this country. It is time to pass it today.   Today--at least at the end of last night--we were still at a  standstill, being blocked and delayed by, basically, the Speaker of the  House. We are blocked from providing relief for the American people by  the Speaker of the House and the Democrats who are doing her bidding.  They continue to play politics with the lives and livelihoods of the  American people.   It is distressing because, just within the last hour, the Speaker of  the House was on national television. She is talking about what her  options are--her political options--with no sense of urgency at all. I  did not hear a sense of urgency in her voice. I didn't get the sense  that she understood the gravity of the situation when I listened to her  voice talking about this. She talked about a number of things on her  wish list and talked about leveraging opportunities. This isn't about  political leverage. This is about the American people and the needs of  our Nation at this time of healthcare crisis and economic crisis.   She talked about calling the House back in session as one of her  options and then having a House-passed bill and then going to a  conference. We need action in this body today, and we need this bill on  the President's desk tonight.   Today, in this country, we have over 46,000 people who have had the  test for coronavirus and have tested positive. There is a lack of  testing. So even though 46,000 people tested positive, the total  numbers may be beyond that. We have nearly 600 deaths in the United  States from this virus that is raging around the world.   In New York, where the minority leader is from, they are turning the  Javits Center into a field hospital. Men and women in the military know  what a field hospital is all about. Physicians, who have gone through  medical school, understand the history of field hospitals. According to  some estimates, the New York healthcare system could be overrun in a  week.   This bill needs to pass today. When you will look back on this in a  day, in a week, in a month, you will just ask: How many deaths could  have been prevented if this bill had been passed yesterday instead of  today? If one thinks that delaying this even beyond today is an option,  it is not. The bipartisan bill that the Senators have worked on needs  to pass today, be accepted, and moved from the House to the White  House.   It is hard to defend the indefensible, but that is where we find  ourselves with so many Democrats coming to vote against even the motion  to proceed to debate on the bill--an unnecessary delay that blocks the  surge in supplies that our hospitals need; that blocks the access to  healthcare; that blocks the medical innovation; that blocks the support  for our healthcare workers. Every one of those ``no'' votes was a block  to assistance for communities all around the country. The votes to  block the move to the motion to proceed delayed over $240 billion in  emergency funding. That vote to block the motion to proceed blocked  $100 billion for hospitals, $20 billion for veterans' healthcare, $11  billion for vaccines and therapeutics. The list goes on and on.   Why?   It seems to me the Speaker of the House has come back here with her  own bill that we had on the floor yesterday, having just been made  aware of what was in it. We looked at this wish list while the American  people waited and watched and worried. It was a liberal wish list of  things that had nothing to do with the disease or the treatment or the  recovery of the economy. In their liberal wish list, they block the  list of things that would help to save people's lives--resources that,  as a doctor, I know are needed in a healthcare crisis.   Why are they holding this up?   We had a productive, bipartisan process in putting a bill together  that seemed, on Saturday night, to be right on its way to being a  successful, bipartisan effort. Yet, at the direction of the Speaker of  the House, they all voted no. She said she wanted more in it and came  out with her own bill. I will get to that wish list in a moment.   We told the American public and Governors and mayors and hospitals  that we were doing everything we could, and over the weekend, I  believed that as this bipartisan group worked together. Yet to have  seen all of the Democrats come to the floor and vote no has made me  rethink that. We have an opportunity to do something the American  public needs. We could have done it and should have done it yesterday.   The demands we are looking at really have nothing to do with saving  lives and nothing to do with combating the coronavirus. The list that I  have seen in the House bill has everything to do with capitulating to  the extremes of Nancy Pelosi's party--the far left of her party--and in  making good on the deal that she cut so that she could remain as the  Speaker of the House.   Yesterday, she seemed to be more interested--and was more interested  in terms of the press reports--in reliving the passage of ObamaCare 10  years ago than in the crisis that we are facing today. She seemed to be  more interested in reliving a law of 10 years ago instead of in what  law needs to be passed today and should have been passed yesterday.   It is ironic that one of the architects of ObamaCare, Ezekiel  Emanuel--one who celebrated it--wrote a book when ObamaCare was passed.  He wrote in the book that we have too many hospitals in the United  States. He actually wrote that we have 1,000 too many hospitals in the  United States.   Since ObamaCare has passed, 120 hospitals have closed, and many of  those have been rural hospitals. ObamaCare has also blocked the  expansion of physician-owned hospitals. Yet I hear from the same folks  that, today, we need to expand our healthcare capacity--that we don't  have the hospital beds and the facilities to provide for the care that  may be necessary in what the Surgeon General has said will be a week  during which things are going to likely get much worse.   I don't understand why the Senate Democrats have chosen to align  themselves with Speaker Pelosi on this leftist list of all of their  wants that override the needs of the American people. The House bill  that Nancy Pelosi just put out--1,100 pages--is one special interest  giveaway after another.   This came up last night during the telephone townhall meeting that  Senator Enzi and I had with the folks in Wyoming. I said: Really? There  are tax breaks for solar panels? for wind turbines? They are holding up  voting for this emergency bill that will help the American people in  terms of the economy and in terms of our healthcare  [[Page S1979]]  over solar panels, wind turbines, and a Green New Deal about airline  emissions?   In this bill, this emergency rescue package for the American people,  there is a student loan giveaway, a bailout for the U.S. Postal  Service, new same-day voter registration, and early voting  requirements. Those have no place in an emergency rescue package for  the American people. That is why we were astonished on this side of the  aisle when the Democrats--one after another, after another--came to the  floor and voted no for even a motion to proceed to this rescue  legislation.   The American public needs relief--healthcare relief. The American  public needs to know that there is treatment on the way; that there is  research being done for vaccines; and that the things they need for  testing are on the way. That is what the American people need to know.  If they can't get paychecks at work because their workplaces have been  shut down and they can't go to their jobs--whether they are  at restaurants or stores or whatever has been shut down--they need to  know they can pay for food to put food on the tables for their  families.    Instead, what the Speaker is asking for in her bill is to increase  collective bargaining for Big Labor; requirements for racial and gender  diversity for corporate boards; an automatic extension of nonimmigrant  visas; money for Planned Parenthood; and money to maintain the John F.  Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts--the Kennedy Center? These are  all worthy topics for discussion but not on this bill, which is a  rescue bill for the American public.   Let me be clear. This list that came to us from the House is a  special interest wish list. It is not a list for people who are  suffering from the coronavirus. This is why we have 150 million  American workers who are watching and waiting and worrying. If those on  the other side of the aisle thought they could just slip some of these  items that the Speaker of the House wants into this Senate bill in an  emergency, they are wrong. The President said last night that he will  not approve such a list. So they are delaying, and they seem to be  blocking the bill for something that will never become law.   We know what is going on here. The media even understands well what  is going on here because one major outlet, CNN, said the Democrats are  engaging in political gamesmanship. This is about the future of our  country, the future of the people of our country. Yet we are seeing  political gamesmanship being played by the other side of the aisle. The  American people get it as well. They see through it. They know that  valuable days are being lost here.   We need to pass this today with no more delays. The bill has been  written in a bipartisan way in the Senate, and it should pass with  overwhelming numbers. I see no reason we can't vote today. I see no  reason to delay. This is the time to get healthcare capacity online to  deal with this healthcare crisis during a week that, as the Surgeon  General said, is going to get much worse. We need today to prepare our  hospitals and our healthcare systems for the surge of patients that is  coming. They need to be ready.   The men and women who are working in those hospitals are ready. They  are in the fight of their lives. They are the heroes in hometowns all  across America because the coronavirus is in every State and in many,  many communities. So those men and women are there, and they need to  hear that the Senate and the House and the President and this Nation-- the government--are standing behind them and not standing at a  distance. They need to know the government is right there in the fight  with them by providing what they need--the testing, supplies, the  equipment--one thing after another--so they can do what they are  trained to do, which is to save lives, to heal the sick, and to prevent  disease.   That is why people go into medicine. That is why they go into the  profession. Doctors and nurses and therapists and all of those people  who work there go to school to learn to save lives. They learn to treat  disease, to heal the sick, and to prevent disease. That is what this  coronavirus has put them all in a position to do--to do their best  work. We have to make sure they have everything they need.   For that reason, we need to pass this bill today. There is no reason  to delay, no reason to wait another day. The bill provides them with  what they need, and it provides the economy the sort of certainty and  security that the entire country needs.   I appreciate the opportunity to share these thoughts. My final  message is, this bill needs to be passed today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   