 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time.   Mr. Speaker, much of the debate we have heard today has been about  criminal justice and the child safety implications of this bill. But I  would like to focus on the troubling aspect of this bill in the tax  title.   This bill would create a new Federal tax on marijuana, starting at 5  percent in the first year and escalating to 8 percent after 5 years. We  always hear about tax parity in this Chamber, yet the treatment of  these products compared to tobacco are vastly different--vastly  different.   Let me say again, though, that this bill taxes marijuana, which has  the potential to impact society really in unknown ways or at least in  ways that we should all be concerned about, but at less than half the  tax rate of a pack of cigarettes.   Once these taxes are created, rather than treating them as general  revenue where they could actually help defray the costs associated with  the Department of the Treasury's newly created obligation to regulate  marijuana growers, importers, and retailers, the bill would actually  divert tax revenue into four brand-new government programs, including  one to create subsidies for businesses.   This bill creates new criminal penalties for failure to pay the  taxes. So, this isn't criminal justice reform. It is actually creating  different types of penalties and criminalization and would likely lead  to jail for small-time dealers for tax evasion instead of for selling  their product.   Mr. Speaker, I don't support the underlying purposes of this bill,  the legalization itself nationwide, but even if I did, I can't support  the terribly flawed design, in terms of taxation, and the overall form  of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, we have been waiting for months for Democrats to get  serious about COVID relief, focusing on safely reopening our economy  and helping folks who need it the most. Yet, here we are today, talking  about a legalization bill yet again. This is a bad bill at the wrong  time. I urge opposition.   