 Mr. President, I think Mark Twain said, among many other  things, that there is nothing more troubling than a great example. And,  as we have had all of these speeches today, I felt less and less  adequate as the speakers talked about the great things that Lamar has  done, the great things he stands for, the incredible character that  defines his life and his work. It has been wonderful to be here and to  see the appreciation that Senators have for somebody who is proud to be  a Senator.   Not that often do you get to start a last speech in the Senate  referring to somebody else's maiden speech over almost 50 years ago.  But that kind of sense of the Senate, that sense of community, that  split screen that Lamar talked about with educators, where you do have  the one screen where it appears that nobody can get along and get  anything done--and, particularly in the Senate, you have this  relatively small community of people, all of whom got here by figuring  out, normally, how to get along with other people, as one of their  attributes of getting to the Senate. And then you have rules in the  Senate that require you to get along to get anything done. So you have  that other screen that doesn't get nearly the attention. But when you  do look at the accomplishments, even at a time of great frustration,  those accomplishments have been significant, and so many of them have  included Lamar.   I knew Lamar before I came to the Senate, but, particularly, the last  10 years of working with Lamar in the Senate have been great for me,  and the time that Abby and I have been able to spend with him and Honey  have been great.   He says things in passing that really define the opportunity to be  here in such a significant way. We have heard many of them today. There  are others I think of often--one Lamar told me not too long ago, when I  was talking about how well our staffs work together. He said: Well, it  always seemed to me that when the Senators obviously got along, the  staff figures that out and they understand they are supposed to get  along too.   Lamar is blessed with a great staff. It will be interesting to see  the new standard of having that other speech that so significantly  talks about the staff and what the staff means. I have a great staff-- many of us do--but when those staffs work together, as opposed to  looking for reasons they shouldn't work together, things happen.   I remember Lamar told me one day: They always remember the last thing  you do.   And if that turns out to be the case, at least the last Senate year  of Senator Alexander has been extraordinary, as others have been.   But this year I had a chance, as the appropriating chairman of the  committee that Lamar is the authorizing chairman for--and, by the way,  he also sits right beside me on the Appropriations Committee in most of  our hearings when Senator Shelby isn't able to be there, the chairman  of our full committee. But in this last year, particularly from March  on, we have done so many things together.   In March, April, May, June, there was almost never a day when we  didn't have at least one call with somebody who is running a laboratory  or someone at the FDA or someone who understood this investment arm we  had, BARDA, that had been designed about 10 years earlier but never  used as we have used it to bring the private sector and public sector  together in partnership in a way that advances both tests and vaccines.   We would spend sometimes hours a day in a series of 30-minute phone  calls, trying to put the pieces of this puzzle together. I remember one  day we were talking to someone at the White House, and the comment from  his part of the conversation was knowing how many other conversations  we had had that day.   If people had any idea how much the Senate and the two of you--he was  saying at that moment--are committed to get things done, they would be  surprised because that is a story that never gets told.   So much of the story of Lamar--his work here and the good spirit he  brings to that work--isn't told, but it is so very obvious, certainly  for me.   One of the great gifts of my working life has been for Lamar  Alexander to be such an important part of it for the last 10 years. I  am grateful for it; I am grateful for him. I look forward to his  continued friendship and advice.   I think Senator Alexander, like many of us, is more of a next-chapter  guy than a last-chapter guy. He is neither shy nor retiring. I expect  him to continue to have great impact in his State and in our country.  And, in my case, I hope he continues to have great impact in my life.    Mr. President, I feel a little guilty, as the chairman of  the Rules Committee, standing in between the Enzi desire to get the  devices on the floor.   I have watched in recent weeks. If you looked around on the floor,  you would assume that we had adopted that  [[Page S7163]]  rule. It is a pretty hard rule to enforce with all the information that  Senator Enzi always knew was there and needed to be available in ways  that we have not made it available yet.   I just want to stand as a particular friend of Mike Enzi. We came to  the Congress at the same time. I came to the House, and he came to the  Senate. He and Diana and I were together on travel fairly early in that  we had an opportunity to go to Lithuania, as they were desperately  trying to get included in NATO.   And, Mike, you remember walking on that little square where people  had their signs up: We want in NATO. They had been left behind one  time; they didn't want to be left behind another time.   But that is one of the many memories I have with Mike.   Another is just Mike's incredible capacity to listen. I think without  question and by plenty of evidence, Mike is the best listener in the  Senate. In fact, he has listening sessions in his State, where what he  does, shockingly, is listen. His talking is at a minimum at those  sessions. His interest in taking in input from whoever wants to talk-- you can envision Mike at the front of the room with his notepad, taking  notes on what everybody says, and then often the move from one speaker  to the next is ``Thank you'' and ``Let's hear what other people have to  say,'' and he absorbs that in a great way.   There are many times when I have come to Mike in the Senate and said:  Tell me what you are thinking about this. And it is amazing how much  you can learn by listening. Mike so often has a different view, a more  nuanced view than others do because of that.   I also thought, Mike, as you were speaking today--I know that your  driver in the State is usually Diana. And even describing the return  from the Jaycees event back to Gillette, I noticed who was driving,  that you spent so many hours together and miles together in a State  that maybe doesn't have the most people, but it sure has lots of  distance, and I know it was just a challenge to get home to Wyoming  every week and then to get to the place you live in Wyoming, in  Gillette, as often as you can, and that is not often possible.   But what an honor and privilege to serve with you, to spend these 24  years in the Congress together, and for me to get to spend the last 10  years of your Senate time here in the Senate with you. It is a great  honor. It is a great privilege.   I am trying to learn all I can about listening from the master  listener who then takes all that information and actually produces, as  we have heard here today, real results.   