 Mr. President, thank you very much for the recognition.  Reserving the right to object, as a former New Mexico attorney general  and assistant U.S. attorney, I have worked closely with law enforcement  for many years. I have worked hard to prosecute violent crimes in my  career, including crimes where law enforcement officers were the  victims. I have been privileged to work with law enforcement in New  Mexico, and we are all thankful for the tremendous work of the Capitol  Police here in our Nation's Capital.   The Senate is united in our respect for law enforcement. Just 5  months ago, in May, the Senate passed a number of bills and a  bipartisan resolution during National Police Week in support of those  who serve our communities in the face of risk.   We all agree that deadly violence targeting law enforcement is  appalling, and we all have expressed gratitude for the brave men and  women who serve in law enforcement. The recent shooting of two law  sheriff's deputies in California was heinous. Our prayers go out to the  officers and their families, and the perpetrator must be brought to  justice.   Like many of us here on both sides of the aisle, I am also dedicated  to embracing a moment before our Nation where we confront the very real  issues of systemic racial injustice. We have policy disagreements on  how to do that, but I hope that we can all agree the Senate should be a  place for coming together and making progress to respond to this moment  in our country, not fanning the flames of division and anger.   The initial draft of this resolution has some vague but divisive  language that I do not think belongs in a Senate resolution, and a  number of other Members agree. Our side is asking for some reasonable  changes in good faith. To reflect the public safety and trust between  law enforcement and communities is fundamental to the security and  prosperity of our Nation. I hope that the Senator from Florida and his  colleagues are willing to accept those changes, which I will offer in  response to his request. Then the Senate can  [[Page S5642]]  speak with a united voice and set a good example for our Nation at a  time like this.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of my resolution at the desk;  further, that the resolution be agreed to; that the preamble be agreed  to; and that the motions to reconsider be made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Yes, there is. I object.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   