 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Roe for putting on this  opportunity for us to address the American people directly and reassure  them that this Operation Warp Speed is truly an amazing accomplishment  for our country.   Mr. Speaker, if you were born after 1969 you didn't get a chance to  celebrate with us on the original moonshot, those heady days of the  Apollo landing and all the run-up science to get that done.   This is America's new moonshot. This is an amazing program. By  leveraging the private sector and all parts of the private sector, as  well as all of the agencies and all of government effort, we are making  progress on medical science at a rate that has literally never been  seen before. Every living Nobel Prize laureate with a Nobel Prize in  medicine is cooperating with the government and rushing forward. The  science on all these areas is really making a difference and making a  difference very quickly.   The administration put $10 billion with a B--bravo--in supplemental  funding into the Operation Warp Speed and separately another $1.5  billion into developing Shark Tank testing. So we are not only working  on vaccines, we are working on testing for the virus, we are working on  prevention of the virus, and we are working on therapeutics, that is  medicines that are true antivirals.   We already have new protocols so that we are improving the treatment.  The mortality rate for this disease has plummeted.   I mentioned that innovative and creative people are coming out and  working on all facets of this disease. I have a story. This is a mask.  Every one of you has a mask. This is a different kind of a mask. This  is made out of a polyester fiber, and it is impregnated with bionic  silver. It is virucidal. It kills the virus. It kills bacteria as well.  So when you take your mask off, Mr. Speaker, and you put it down on the  table, it sets about sterilizing itself. When I pick it back up, it  will be sterile. That is an amazing accomplishment. That happened just  this year, just since this started.   It is amazing these things can happen. All the science and all the  medical experimenters and all the researchers are running flat out. We  are pushing new frontiers in medicine. We are doing things that we  never thought we would do in my lifetime in medicine. We have broken  the mold, and I am so grateful to all the brilliant innovative men and  women who are pushing out these frontiers and helping everybody.  Medicine will never be the same after this just because of the advances  in this time to this threat. We will be treating all of our diseases  differently in the future.   Before I close I would like to associate myself with the comments  Chairman Roe made earlier about the heroism of the medical care people  and the healthcare people at all levels, including the ambulance  drivers and the police who have to go out and respond to people. It is  heroic for them to go out there and do that and continue to work in  very difficult and challenging circumstances. But I think what this  amounts to is America's shining moment in medicine. I can't think of a  better time I have ever seen American medicine respond.   It has been a pleasure working with Chairman Roe.   