 Madam President, I am tempted to talk about all of the  problems we have had in getting to this point with this legislation,  but I am wondering if now is not the time to talk about why we need to  get this  [[Page S1996]]  done. We have heard a lot about who is wrong and who is right and who  is taking advantage of the moment, but this is a moment at which we  need to do something. This is truly an emergency piece of legislation  that deals with a set of circumstances that nobody has ever seen before  in our country. We have a virus that people are reacting to in a way  that both encourages them and, in some cases, requires them to withdraw  from the normal economic activity of the country.   This is different than 9/11. With 9/11, the American people said: We  are going to show those terrorists that they can't slow us down. In  many cases, people got out even more aggressively into the economy than  they had been before. In 2008 and 2009, we clearly had a huge economic  problem, but that economic problem didn't get dramatically changed by  people's unwillingness to participate, but there was a concern about  participating. Now we have, fundamentally, a very strong economy that  people have been asked to withdraw from or have chosen to withdraw from  or have been advised to withdraw from, and we need to figure out what  to do about that both on the healthcare side and on the economic side.   Our role here is limited. We can't legislate an end to the  coronavirus. If we could, we would. We can't legislate exactly how  people will behave, and if we could, we probably shouldn't. We can't  tell people they have to wash their hands. We can talk a lot about the  washing of hands, but, legislatively, there are a lot of limits there.  There are some things we can do, and now is the time to do the things  we can do.   How do we get the most help to the most people in the quickest way?   I hope we can come together today, in the next few hours, and decide  that the moment is more important than everybody's winning everything  one would like to win, for this is not the moment in which to make the  most of it because it will not come around again. Frankly, in my view,  it is going to come around again pretty quickly. I would say that the  minute we are done with phase 3, we will start talking about phase 4  because all of us know that phase 3 can't include everything that needs  to be included and that it can't look at some of the details that will  become only more available and obvious after we get into phase 3.   What do we have to do right now?   First of all, we have to create a way for people to see immediate  cash assistance coming for expenses they didn't have before--either  healthcare expenses they didn't have before or childcare expenses they  didn't have before or other kinds of expenses. In many cases, we are  going to see many, many more people who will have new or current  expenses but will not have the income they had before.   Under this bill, a typical middle-class family of four would get  somewhere in the neighborhood of $3,000 to $4,000 sometime in the early  days of April. We will immediately begin to talk about whether that  needs to be repeated again as the summer progresses, but that is not  the point right now. The point is, what happens 2 and 3 weeks from now?   This bill will and should provide emergency funds for food and  nutrition programs. It will create a temporary pandemic unemployment  assistance program to give assistance to workers who normally wouldn't  be eligible for unemployment yet or who wouldn't be eligible at a rate  that would sustain their families' expenses. This would include an  additional $600 a week for every recipient of unemployment insurance  for the next 3 weeks. By the time we are done, it might be longer than  3 weeks, but the goal here is to get money into the hands of families  and, more importantly, to let them know that this money is on the way.   We need to help small businesses that are, in many cases, being told  they have to close. Restaurants and other retail businesses have been  told by Governors in several States that they have to close their  businesses--that they can't be in those businesses. If you are in the  restaurant business, you might still be able to open and have a  business, but it will no longer be the business you used to have,  wherein people would come in and sit down and order or would come in  and order and then sit down and the staffing is different. People are  going to the unemployment lines and on the unemployment rolls.   Part of the goal of this legislation is to see that this doesn't  happen. The goal is to make loans available to small businesspeople.  One of the possible ways to satisfy those loans is just to keep your  employees in place as part of your employee structures for as long as  you can. In Missouri, we have 532,000 small businesses. More than 99  percent of our businesses in Missouri would qualify to meet that small  business standard. Now, it is difficult enough to run a small business  in the best of times, but these circumstances certainly don't allow us  to look at this as the best of times.   This legislation would provide money to make sure that workers keep  those jobs. It is easier to bring somebody back to work than it is to  hire somebody for work. It is easier if we can keep those employees and  others in place. In fact, at the Big Business level, I think one of the  criterion for some of the potential programs would be that you would  have to keep your employees in place, as in the case of the airlines,  through sometime in September. Hopefully, by September, businesses will  have recovered to the point at which it will not be a hardship to keep  those employees in place. We would start with small businesses and then  look at all of the businesses, using loans to cover payroll costs,  using loans to cover interest on their mortgages, if they are small  businesspeople, or their rent or utilities--using loans in a way that  they would if they had their normal levels of cashflow but that are not  there now.   Every day we wait makes it harder for a small business or any  business to decide: Can I keep these people on the payroll any longer  or is the only choice I have to put them on the unemployment roll?  Every day we wait, there are more businesses that are making that  decision. Remember, you have no income coming in. All of your money is  going out, and you have nothing but a vague promise that Congress is  trying to do something about this. People are getting let go every  single day. There are more people out of work today than were out of  work on Monday morning. There will be more people out of work tomorrow  than there are today.    We can have a positive impact on that if we will just act in a way  that will help them keep their doors open when there is any business to  be had and to keep their people who work for them on the payrolls.   By the way, with a small business, it is usually not just the people  who work for you but the people who work with you--the small  businessperson who, in many cases, is doing every single job in the  business, at some point, along with somebody else. What can we do to  keep the door open, to keep the people on the payroll, and have them  ready to bounce back the minute the immediate crisis is over?   Then we need to do things in this bill that will support healthcare  workers and healthcare providers. This bill will make sure, I think, to  do that in any form it is taking at this moment. Certainly, in the  healthcare part that I have worked on as the chairman of the  subcommittee, testing for the coronavirus is going to be paid for. It  is going to be paid for by Medicare. It is going to be paid for by  Medicaid. It is going to be paid for by private insurance. Hospitals  will get relief in terms of the payments they are supposed to make. It  will be the regulatory relief they need to have as they are trying to  adapt to a new situation.   Hospitals will have the flexibility with more telehealth services. We  already put that in bill No. 2. We are trying to further refine it here  in this bill, bill No. 3. One thing that particularly has resonance at  this moment is telehealth. If you are telling people, ``Don't go to the  hospital unless your doctor tells you that you have to go to the  hospital'' or ``Don't go to the emergency room as your first place to  go; rather, find a doctor to talk to'' or ``Don't even go to the  doctor; rather, find a doctor to talk to,'' telehealth will allow you  not only to talk to a doctor but also to have that doctor look at you  and have you look at him as you talk to each other.   We need to be sure that doctors have what we are now all calling the  personal protective equipment, the PPEs. It is a term that, 6 months  ago, I am not sure I would have recognized--maybe not 6 weeks ago--but  it is very  [[Page S1997]]  much part of this discussion. As a matter of fact, it is one of the  reasons hospitals are being told not to perform elective surgeries.  Elective surgery is, by definition, elective, which means you don't  have to have it at that moment. Yet, if people had plenty of equipment,  there would be no reason for those surgeries not to happen. Make sure  you have the protective equipment you need when the coronavirus hits  your community.   We need to figure out how to cut down the need for that equipment by  expanding--again--telehealth and by not encouraging people to take the  test who don't need to take the test because every one of those tests  requires one to wear a pair of gloves, a unique mask, and maybe, with  some frequency, different protective equipment. We are trying to figure  out how to do all of that.   We are adding funds for agencies like the National Institutes of  Health and the National Science Foundation so they may move toward both  therapeutics and vaccines as quickly as we can. Therapeutics probably  happen more quickly than vaccines, but we are looking for ways to do  that and ways to encourage their early production.   Community health centers matter. Certified community behavioral  health centers matter. In this bill, we are looking at how we will  extend the legislation to allow those entities to exist, for we will  have reached the end of the authorized period in May. There is no  reason to have that happen in May. This bill should take those  healthcare extension programs out longer than the 22nd of May, and I  believe it will.   There are a lot of competing interests here that we have to balance.  By the time we vote on the bill, no person who will vote on it will  think everything in it is exactly what he would like to have there. We  don't get to legislate that way. I am just hoping that there will not  be so much in it that I won't like that it will create a bigger problem  than I will want to have. I want to vote for this bill. I want to get  it done. I want to get it out there for people to see. It is harder for  me to do that if it includes a lot of extraneous things that will  clearly have nothing to do with this healthcare emergency. I hope that  we will not have to make that decision. I hope we will get focused on  the task.   All of those whom I, the Presiding Officer, and Senator Enzi--sitting  here beside me--have talked to have pretty good cases about how this is  affecting them. Charities call in and say: We just had to cancel our  one, big fundraising event of the year. Charities call in and say: Our  volunteers aren't showing up.   The for-profit people are impacted; the not-for-profit groups are  impacted; travel is impacted; agriculture is impacted. We are about to  get to the season of the year where people have community festivals and  community fairs--the Missouri State Fair, Ozark Empire Fair, the  carnivals that occur in our State. The 6- to 10-month travel  destinations, like Silver Dollar City or Six Flags or Worlds of Fun--if  you lose part of that season, that season is lost, and you are not  going to get that May or that June or that April back. You are not  going to be able to tack it on by saying: Well, we will just be open in  January to make up for the people who would have been at our theme park  in June. That is not going to happen.   We are going to have the Ozark Empire Fair in Springfield, MO, some  different time of the year than August because August is hard this  year.   I noticed today they announced that the Olympics in Tokyo are going  to be postponed by 1 year. You never get that year back. You never get  that fair back. You never get that county fair, that agricultural  opportunity to look at agriculture and horticulture and local industry  back once it is gone, whether it is the midway operations or the part- time workers who make those things work. All those things are getting  away from us, and we have to begin to look--and I think we will do that  more in part 4 than we were able to in part 3: How do we go back in and  make sure that, as much as possible, we protected these businesses and  these not-for-profits so that a year from now they are still around?  How do you miss all or part of this year's activity and still be there  next year?   So we have our work cut out for us. It won't end with the bill we are  working on right now. So if anybody out there, my colleagues, is  waiting until this bill solves every problem we need to solve, we will  wait too long.   Just as we were able to move forward with part 1 and get money out  there quickly for the healthcare providers, the researchers at the  Federal level, part 2 did more of that at the State and local levels,  as well as beginning to think about people staying at work. Part 3 does  all the things I have just talked about and more, but there will be a  part 4. We have to get this done.   People are unemployed today who would not be unemployed if we would  have done this work on Monday. People will be unemployed tomorrow who  would not have been unemployed if we finish this work today.   Let's get our business done. Let's get started on finding out the  gaps that still need to be filled. Let's do what the American people  expect us to do and treat an emergency like it is an emergency, not  like it is an opportunity.   I yield the floor.   