 Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President and colleagues, I will be brief. I want to  give the Senate a sense of where we are with respect to this issue. In  front of us right now is a bipartisan agreement to extend a variety of  provisions to promote clean energy and reduce carbon emissions.   When I talk to colleagues on both sides of the aisle, there is  enormous support for the effort to reduce carbon emissions. Now, I can  look around this Chamber and point out colleagues who have worked with  me on the renewable energy provisions that are part of this bipartisan  agreement, which includes not just the credit for wind but also solar  and other renewable energy. I would submit this is the best approach we  have today, which is to make sure that we don't miss out on critical  investments right now.   For the future, I have a plan to move to a technology-neutral system  that would avoid picking winners and losers, take this mess of a Tax  Code, with more than 40 separate energy provisions, throw it in the  trash, and say we are going to focus on one thing--reducing carbon  emissions. We aren't there today. What is here today is climate change.  That is why it is so important that we pass this bill and reject this  amendment.   With that, I want to thank my colleagues from North Dakota. I  remember enjoying going to North Dakota with the sponsor of this  amendment. I will tell you, if you are over 6 feet tall, make sure to  exercise before you go to North Dakota because you will be in the  smallest airline seat in the history of aviation.   John Hoeven is a very good and caring man. I am looking forward to  working with him on these issues in the future.   And with that, I would object.    I would say to my colleague, I am always interested in  working with him in the future. After we pass this bill, with these  important provisions to meet our immediate needs, let's set as our  lodestar reducing carbon emissions.   When you and I served on the Energy Committee together, that was an  approach that brought together Republicans and Democrats.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    That is correct. COVID-19 has shuttered small businesses  across the Country. This is especially true in Oregon, where small  businesses are the backbone of our economy. Ensuring businesses can  access relief from both the Paycheck Protection Program and the  Employee Retention Tax Credit is critical. The legislation before us  today would allow businesses who took out a PPP loan to access the  retention credit in two instances. First, those businesses that have  had or will have their loan forgiven can claim the credit for any wages  that were not paid for with PPP loan proceeds. Second, a business that  does not have its PPP loan forgiven can claim the credit for any wages.  As this change will be retroactive, does the Chairman agree that it is  equally as critical that these small businesses are able to quickly and  easily claim these past credits they will now be eligible for?    Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Virginia,  the vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, for  his work on the Intelligence Authorization Act, which is now part of  the omnibus appropriations bill. I wish to address a few provisions  that have been removed or modified.   First, the IAA, as reported by the Senate Intelligence Committee in  June, included a provision requiring the DNI to submit a report to the  congressional intelligence committees on the implementation of  Presidential Policy Directive 28. That report covers the classified  annex referenced in section 3 of PPD-28.   This report is extremely important. It will allow the committees to  conduct oversight of signals intelligence collection conducted pursuant  to Executive Order 12333. It will also provide the committee the  ability to understand how the government interprets and implements PPD- 28, which has broad legal, policy, and diplomatic implications. In  response to the outrage from our European allies regarding U.S. signals  intelligence operations revealed by Edward Snowden, President Obama  issued PPD-28 in January 2014. PPD-28 covers topics that are directly  relevant to both Americans and foreigners, such as bulk collection. The  directive, and its classified annex in particular, is designed to  evaluate the benefits and risks of signals intelligence operations. It  was intended to reassure our allies about the scope of U.S. signals  intelligence collection and to serve as a cornerstone for data-sharing  agreements, which are still ongoing. Unlike FISA collection, however,  there is no judicial oversight of collection conducted pursuant to EO  12333 and governed by PPD-28. For all these reasons, therefore, it is  absolutely critical that there be serious congressional oversight of  PPD-28.   The PPD-28 reporting requirement was not merely part of the IAA  reported by the committee. It was in the version of the IAA that was  attached to the National Defense Authorization Act that passed the full  Senate in July. That version was never passed into law, however,  because the IAA fell off the NDAA, which is why the IAA is now part of  the omnibus appropriations bill.   Unfortunately, during the negotiations leading up to this bill, the  House Intelligence Committee minority insisted that this bipartisan,  Senate-passed provision be modified so that the portion of the report  on the classified annex of PPD-28 is submitted to the chairmen and  ranking minority members of the congressional intelligence committee.  To the extent this language could be misinterpreted to limit access by  the full committees, it is unacceptable and unprecedented. Congress  should not be in the position of passing legislation that could be seen  as limiting its ability to fulfill its own oversight responsibilities.    I thank the Senator from Virginia. On another topic, the  vice chairman and I worked together to include in the IAA a number of  critically important provisions protecting whistleblowers. Again, at  the insistence of the House Intelligence Committee minority, those  provisions were taken out. The latest was the removal of a provision  that would help whistleblowers whose security clearances have been  revoked as a form of reprisal. Those provisions need to be passed into  law.    Yes. That language was not intended to limit retroactive  compensation for individuals who were previously advised by a State,  that they were ineligible for PUA, nor was it intended to limit  retroactive compensation for individuals who have a regular  unemployment insurance claim in adjudication and later find out they  need to apply for PUA.   