 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.  [[Page H3509]]    For 53 days, 7\1/2\ weeks, Portland, Oregon, has been burning. Three  weeks ago, we saw the Democrats' response on the House floor. The  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Chairman Nadler, said antifa is  imaginary. Tell that to the people of Portland, who have seen antifa  for 53 days rioting, looting, stealing, destroying property, and  attacking police officers.   This amendment is no good. This amendment limits the authority of the  President under the Insurrection Act when he needs to ``suppress  insurrection, domestic violence, unlawful combination, or conspiracy.''   The Insurrection Act has been used by many Presidents to address  domestic violence and riots, including Presidents Roosevelt,  Eisenhower, and Kennedy. Both parties have used it when necessary, but  now that President Trump mentions using this to address the widespread  violence and destruction across the Nation, the Democrat majority wants  to put restrictions on it.   I tell you what. The police chief in Chicago, where 49 officers were  systematically attacked by the mob Friday night, just said he would  welcome Federal help to deal with what the mob is doing. He knows  antifa is not imaginary. And Andy Ngo, the journalist who was attacked  by antifa, knows it is not imaginary.   This amendment is not what we need to be adopting. This amendment  would mean that the President cannot use non-Federal law enforcement  resources under the law that authorizes him to suppress insurrection.   Why in the world would we want to limit the options of the President  to deal with the situation we find ourselves in?   Under Federal law, it is a crime to incite, assist, or engage in such  conduct against the United States. This amendment, as I said, would  limit the President's available options and resources to address real  threats to our Union.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the defeat of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, before yielding to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Kelly), I would just point out they are Federal law  enforcement officials protecting Federal property in Portland, and they  do identify themselves when they arrest someone, and they have  identification on both shoulders. What else do you want them to do?   If you come in in a marked car, you are going to get a brick through  your window. Holy cow. They are behaving exactly the way anyone with  common sense would and consistent with the rule of law that you would  want them to behave in the situation they find themselves.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr.  Kelly).    Mr. Speaker, I would just add that this is not just about  identification, which the law enforcement do identify themselves with  the insignia and patch on both shoulders. When they are arresting  someone, they tell them what Federal agency they are from. This is also  about limiting the President's ability to use the Insurrection Act.   There are two parts to this amendment. Both are bad; both are wrong.  Therefore, I would urge a ``no'' vote.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   