 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Neal. What  an honor to be here with the Committee on Ways and Means' family.   They said pictures are worth a thousand words, and I am going to try  to go through these as rapidly as I can.   The first picture is my son and daughter, who came--as Mike was just  explaining as part of his family--to the Edmund Pettus Bridge, but they  had to be back in school the next day and so they couldn't actually  march across the bridge that Sunday.   John said: Wait a minute. That won't do. He put them in a car and  drove them out there, and for 20 minutes talked to them about that  experience and what it was. And it was very tense, very graphic, the  violence that he endured and what they went through. And I could see  both my daughter and my son looking at him, and they were taking it all  in.   And my daughter, very innocently--she was 13 at the time--said: Mr.  Lewis, did you ever have any fun?   And John Lewis put his head back and had the broadest grin. He said:  Well, sure, darling, we did. You know, at night we used to go back and  we would pitch our tents, and we would make campfires, and we sat  around and told stories. And we sang and we danced. He said: I can  still see Andy Young in his coveralls doing the jitterbug, and he could  dance. Andy Young in his coveralls doing the jitterbug.   Madam Speaker, I will include in the Record our other items, but this  iconic photo says it all about John Lewis.   Madam Speaker, on the day that we passed the Affordable Care Act, the  day before, he had been spat on. So was Reverend Cleaver, and so were  others who were walking over here to vote on that bill that day. But  John Lewis said: No--we had a caucus that morning with President  Obama--he said: Say nothing of this. Remember that during the movement,  we cast this aside. This is a distraction. Don't be taken in by this  crowd.   We learned about it the next day. And at that caucus I asked him to  get up and address the caucus. And he said: Let's stay calm. Let's stay  together, and let's make sure that we keep our eye on the prize.   He went to walk away from the microphone, and then he stepped back,  and he said: 45 years to the day, we marched from Selma to Montgomery,  he said, and let me tell you, we faced far worse crowds than are out  here today. So let's lock arms. Let's go across that street and pass  that bill. And we did.   