 Mr. President, America is in crisis. Time is of the  essence, and the Senate needs to work on a bipartisan basis to get the  job done and get it done today, without delay.   We see our fellow Americans all across this country uniting at this  time of crisis--neighbors helping neighbors, people helping throughout  their communities. We are watching our healthcare workers on the  frontlines of fighting this virus, true heroes who are putting  themselves at risk every day in order to help patients coming in the  door.   They are facing extreme shortages in personal protective equipment.  We need to rush that out in much greater volumes to protect them. We  still have a huge shortage of tests in this country and got caught way  behind the curve, and we are having to catch up. We are trying to  manufacture ventilators to help those who are sick and those who may  get sick.   In doing that, Americans are coming together. We have seen stories of  notices going out to dentists' offices and others who have important  personal protective equipment like masks but aren't needing them right  now, to try to rush those to local hospitals.   We have seen nurses and doctors and other healthcare workers on the  frontline coming together, and that is exactly what this Senate and  House need to do. We need to do what Americans around the country are  doing, uniting to help one another and help our country.   We did that on rounds 1 and 2. We worked very quickly to put together  an $8.3 billion package for round 1. What did that include? More  resources for our public health infrastructure, more resources to try  to accelerate the development of a vaccine and therapeutics. That was  all good work.   On round 2, what did we do? We said we want to make sure that tests  for the coronavirus are free because we don't want Americans not going  to get tests because they can't afford them. We had to fight for that  on the Democratic  [[Page S1941]]  side, but it became bipartisan in the end. We worked to provide more  paid sick leave because we don't think it is a good idea for workers  who are living paycheck to paycheck to feel like they have got to go to  work when they are sick even if it means they are going to potentially  spread the virus. We want to make sure that they can pay the bills at  home and stay home and not spread the virus.   The provision in round 2 regarding paid sick leave was good. There  are still big gaps in it. So how did rounds 1 and 2 come to pass? I  hear talk over here that this is all a House initiative. Actually, it  was a bipartisan initiative. The White House sat down with Speaker  Pelosi, Secretary Mnuchin with Speaker Pelosi, and they hammered out  rounds 1 and 2 in a bipartisan fashion. They came to the U.S. Senate,  and they were passed with big bipartisan votes.   We need that same bipartisan spirit now. I have been listening in to  some of the conversation on the floor. First of all, I keep hearing  there aren't Democrats on the floor. Well, we are coming.   The other thing I keep hearing is let's blame Speaker Pelosi. I mean,  this is pretty amazing. This bill is in the U.S. Senate. We are having  discussions right now, Democrats and Republicans. We are having  discussions right now, Democratic Senators and Republican Senators and  the White House--again, primarily with Secretary Mnuchin--yet I am  listening to people on the floor blaming Speaker Pelosi.   Well, guess how rounds 1 and 2 actually happened? They happened  because Speaker Pelosi sat down with the Trump administration and they  hammered it out on a bipartisan basis and came over here. This time-- this time--the majority leader, Senator McConnell, wanted to start the  process in the Senate. So let's get it done. Don't go pointing fingers  at Speaker Pelosi. She is not here.   I keep hearing about the House wanting a Green New Deal as part of  this emergency package. That is a total red herring. I even looked at  the list of ideas that the House put out, including Speaker Pelosi's.  There is no Green New Deal on this thing.   So let's get real. So why can't we vote today, again, except for by  unanimous consent? It is not because of the Democrats' vote. It is  because the leader, the Republican leader, chose to bring up that vote.  That was a motion to proceed to the cloture vote. It was a cloture  vote--a motion to proceed to cloture on the motion to proceed. That is  what it was.   So what did the leader know? He knew that we are still engaged in  negotiations. They are going on right now. Hopefully, when all of us on  the floor leave here, we will continue to engage. But the leader knew  that the votes were not there for that motion, that cloture motion. Yet  he burned the one opportunity he would have today on that vote, knowing  it wouldn't succeed.   He could have waited 1 hour. He could have waited 2 hours. He could  have waited 3 hours. He chose to hold that vote knowing it would fail.  That is a self-inflicted wound on the U.S. Senate and on the American  people at this moment.   Because of that decision, we will have the earliest opportunity to  vote again on Wednesday. That was the decision Leader McConnell made  when he decided to hold that vote today, knowing he did not have 60  votes, knowing that the negotiations were going on right now.   So he is right. If we want to have a vote between now and Wednesday,  we have to do it by unanimous consent. I hope we get to that point,  but--make no mistake--the vote that was held earlier could have waited  until later today. It could have waited until we got closer to an  agreement.   And here is the tragedy of it. We are getting pretty close on a lot  of important issues. We are still far away on some, but we are getting  close on some very important issues: unemployment insurance. As we  speak, people are losing their jobs. We know that. Small businesses are  shutting their doors. They started days ago having to shut their doors  in the case of restaurants and bars and many other establishments.   We need to attack that from two angles. One is the unemployment  insurance system, and we have made great progress in these discussions  on that. What do we have to do when it comes to unemployment insurance?  Well, we should work to make sure that somebody who is losing their job  through no fault of their own because of the coronavirus--because they  are working for an establishment like a restaurant that has to shut its  doors--has 100 percent wage replacement for the period of time of this  emergency. We wanted 6 months. Republicans wanted 3 months. I think we  have got right now, in the draft, 4 months. OK. That is a compromise.   We also wanted to make sure UI could cover people who are not part of  the traditional UI system: part-time workers, the self-employed,  independent contractors, gig workers. So we have worked together on a  bipartisan basis to make sure that we try to get those people help  through UI as well, even though they are not part of the traditional  system. We are trying to streamline the process by which they can  demonstrate that they have been making an income so that they can get  help through UI in this emergency moment.   We are pretty close on that. We have worked together on small and  even midsized businesses because they are getting hammered right now  across the country. We are all hearing from them, and they have had to  let off their employees, in many cases, under very painful  circumstances. They don't want to let their employees go, but no  customers in the door means no sales, means no income. You still have  to pay your rent, if you are a small business, or your mortgage. You  have other fixed costs.   So we have come together to work to try to provide a small business  plan that would provide funds to those small businesses so that they  can keep people on their payroll and, if they have already had to let  them go, rehire them and also meet their fixed costs.   And if they spend the money the way it is directed--meaning for  necessary, fixed costs and for employees--then, at the end of the day,  that loan can be forgiven because we don't want small businesses to  have to go through 3 months with no money through the door and just  have a huge pile of bills they can't repay at the end of the day. We  have also tried to expand that to include midsized businesses.    We are making progress on important things. Those conversations are  going on as we speak, but there are some areas where we need to reach  final agreement. One of them is proper oversight and safeguards on the  $500 billion fund to help some of the biggest businesses in the  country.   We need to make sure we don't allow this economy to go into free  fall, but I hope we would all agree that we don't want a major  corporation getting taxpayer dollars and going and doing another stock  buyback or for big employee compensation. There is some language in  there, but then there are waiver provisions.   I hope we would at least put the safeguards in this provision that we  did in TARP, which was the rescue package in 2008. That was much  maligned. For many good reasons, there were not adequate protections to  make sure that moneys were spent in an accountable way.   Don't we want to make sure the $500 billion is spent in an  accountable way? I don't know why it is taking us so long to come to an  agreement on that. I don't think our Republican colleagues would want  to give any administration a blank check to spend $500 billion however  they want, without any clear safeguards or some process for  accountability.   That is what we are talking about now. Maybe we could resolve that in  2 hours; maybe we could resolve it in 3. Then we could have had the  vote. But the majority leader burned that vote. He burned that vote by  having it when he knew the votes weren't there and when he knew  conversations were still going on.   I was in my office listening to this discussion on the floor of the  Senate with the majority leader all upset. He brought that on this body  by holding that vote as negotiations were going on.   What else do we need to work on still? We all got a letter from the  National Governors Association, bipartisan--Republicans and Democrats-- saying: Hey, we are the States; we are on the frontlines of this; we  need some help.  [[Page S1942]]    I don't know if all my colleagues on the floor know it, but just  about 48 hours ago, the position of the Republican Senate leadership  was: No, we are not going to deal with those big issues now. We will do  it another day.   Those are issues pressing right now. We are hearing that from  Republican and Democratic Governors. We are hearing it from mayors. We  heard it from the National League of Cities. Don't you think it is  worth spending a couple of hours so that we can hash all that out  before you call a vote where you know the outcome in advance?   FMAP--these are Republican and Democratic Governors pointing out they  need more Federal help on the healthcare and medical front as more and  more people are coming in the doors. Don't you think we can work that  out in the next couple of hours? Why hold a vote that you know is going  to fail and means you can't hold the next one until Wednesday without  unanimous consent? I hope my Republican colleagues will ask the  majority leader that question.   We have made a lot of progress on some very important parts of this  bill, but we also have a fair distance to go. But a fair distance in  terms of getting to an agreement doesn't mean it has to take all day.  We should be able to come to an agreement on many of these things.   The administration took an appropriate action, saying that they don't  want landlords to be able to foreclosure on certain mortgages. I think  we should all work together to make sure that people don't get thrown  out of their homes through foreclosures--or evicted from their homes if  they are renters--during this period of time if it turns out they don't  have the income to pay those bills. I hope we can work that out too. I  hope there will be agreement on that measure.   Instead of playing political games on the floor of the Senate and  calling a vote where the outcome was predetermined because we are still  negotiating on a bipartisan basis--instead of doing that, let's get  this job done.   To listen to Members of the U.S. Senate who are negotiating this here  try to blame the House of Representatives and Speaker Pelosi--come on,  that is just political rhetoric. The House passed rounds 1 and 2; they  did it on a bipartisan basis, speaking with the administration and  Secretary Mnuchin. They did that. It is the Senate right now that can't  get its job done.   Let's stop playing games--procedural games. Let's hammer this out, as  we have been trying to do. We have made progress. We can close the  distance, and then if we can get all that done, we could actually bring  it up by unanimous consent anytime.   Let's do what the American people are doing: Let's unite at this time  of crisis; let's unite for the good of the country. We did it on rounds  1 and 2. Let's do it to help save our economy and fight the healthcare  fight against the coronavirus. I am confident--I am confident--if we  put our minds to it, we can get the job done for the American people.   Let's go back to work. Let's complete these negotiations, and maybe  we can come back in a couple of hours with a proposal that gets the  consent and support of this entire body.   I yield the floor.   