 Mr. President, I rise today as an unwavering believer  in the system of checks and balances laid out by our Framers in the  Constitution, with three coequal branches of government at times  working with each other and at times working as a check against each  other. It is this system of checks and balances that safeguards our  Republic against tyranny and ensures that our government by the people,  for the people, as Abraham Lincoln said, does not perish from the  Earth.   My colleagues, what the facts of this trial have shown and what every  Member of this body knows is that President Trump did exactly what the  House has accused him of in these two Articles of Impeachment: abusing  his power and obstructing Congress.   These articles strike at the very heart of a republic ruled not by  men but by laws and the very notion of a government elected by and for  the people.   I took my constitutional oath to do impartial justice seriously. I  came to the trial with an open mind. I listened to both sides. I waited  for the facts to persuade me. But in all the many hours I sat through  this trial, not once did I hear the President's team make a compelling  defense. Instead, I heard a damning case from the House managers  detailing how President Trump subverted our national security and  solicited foreign interference in our election for his own personal  political benefit.   The facts show that the President used U.S. security assistance and  an official White House meeting--two of Ukraine's highest priorities-- not to advance our national security but, rather, his own 2020  reelection effort. In so doing, he violated the law known has the  Impoundment Control Act and undermined Congress's constitutional  authority.   As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I  want to make something clear. When a foreign adversary like Russia  interferes in our elections, it is not for the benefit of the United  States; it is for the benefit of Russia.   The United States provides foreign assistance to countries all over  the world because it benefits America's interests. We help Ukraine in  their fight against Russian aggression because it is the right thing to  do for our national security. But when U.S. officials tell Ukraine that  in order to get the Oval Office meeting their President wants and the  security assistance it urgently needs, their government must first  announce investigation into President Trump's political opponents, that  is not advancing our national security. That is corrupting it. That is  forcing a foreign country to choose between their own security and  getting perversely involved in another country's elections.   When we use U.S. foreign assistance as a political pawn, we weaken  our standing and credibility in the world.   Ukraine needed our help. Yet, when it sought our military assistance,  instead of sending it right away, the President of the United States  said: Well, I would like you to do us a favor, though. The damage of  that message cannot be undone. And if we don't hold this President  accountable, then we are saying it is OK to do it again.   I fear the consequences of the President's actions, and I fear the  consequences of our own inaction--not just for today or this year but  for years to come when we have to explain to our allies ``Trust us; we  will be there'' or when we tell the American people ``Trust us; we are  doing this in the name of U.S. national security'' or when we press  other countries about strengthening the rule of law and holding free  and fair elections.   If we do not rein in this conduct, if we do not call it the abuse of  power that it is, then we have failed to live up to the ideals of our  Republic.   I fear we have already let the American people and our Constitution  down by failing to hold a fair trial. There is no American across this  country who would call a trial without witnesses and documents a fair  trial. They would call it a sham. And by refusing witnesses and  documents, the Senate is complicit in the President's obstruction of  Congress--the essence of the House's second Article of Impeachment.   The House had a constitutional prerogative to conduct an impeachment  and oversight investigation. Yet President Trump engaged in  unprecedented obstruction in order to cover up his misconduct by  blocking witnesses with firsthand knowledge, by denying access to any  documents, by publicly disparaging and threatening--threatening--those  with the courage to defy his orders and testify publicly, by casting  aside a coequal branch of government, as if he can really do, as he  himself has said, whatever he wants.   When a President tries to extort a foreign government for his own  political aims and in doing so ignores the law and the Constitution,  the only remedy can be that which our Framers gave us: impeachment and  removal.   The Framers knew this day would come. They knew the threat of an  Executive who welcomed or solicited foreign interference in our  elections is real. What the Framers of our Constitution never could  have imagined is that there would come a day when the U.S. Senate would  shrink in the face of a President who would behave like a King, not out  of principle but out of willful ignorance and blind party loyalty.   Our failure to conduct a fair trial casts doubt on the very verdict  rendered by this body. This is not an exoneration of a President; it is  a coronation of a King.   I believe that the day we fail to remove this President will go down  in history as a day of constitutional infamy. It will be remembered as  a dark  [[Page S829]]  day for our democracy, for our national security, and for our  constitutional order.   I ask my colleagues, what future damage will we enable if this body  says that it is OK for a President to subvert our national security  interests and solicit foreign interference in our elections? What will  be left of our system of checks and balances if there are no  consequences for obstructing investigations, blocking witnesses, and  withholding evidence from Congress? If we do not remove this President,  can we pull ourselves back to a place where the rule of law matters?  How much more shredding of the Constitution as a nation can we possibly  endure?    We already know President Trump thinks he can go to war without  congressional authorization. He believes he can misuse congressionally  appropriated funds for whatever he wants, like taking billions from the  Department of Defense to spend on a border wall that every day proves  to be a colossal waste. And through it all, the compliant and complicit  Republican majority has further emboldened this President by  eliminating the 60-vote threshold for Supreme Court nominations, by  refusing to call witnesses in this trial, by further stripping the  Senate of its David versus Goliath role in which we serve as a check on  vast executive power.   If the Senate is prepared to say that this President and all future  Presidents of either party can misuse congressionally appropriated  funding to extract political favors from a foreign power, can deny all  witnesses, can withhold all relevant documents, can openly threaten  Ambassadors, career public servants, and Members of Congress--if a  President can commit all of these gross abuses of power as if he were  above the law, then the very essence of our democracy is broken, and  what we must ask ourselves is, What is left? What is left of our  Constitution if we are not prepared to defend it? What is left other  than lawlessness?   We need Republicans of conscience and courage to say more than just  ``Yes, the President did it, and it was wrong.'' We need our Republican  colleagues to be intellectually honest. We need them to speak the truth  and say it is impeachable so we can mount a bipartisan defense of the  Constitution and all that America stands for.   I, for one, am prepared to defend our Constitution. I will vote  guilty on the Articles of Impeachment, not because of loyalty to any  party, not because of how it will or won't play in any upcoming  election. I will vote for impeachment and removal not because I hate  this President, because I don't, but because I love our country more.   I took an oath to uphold the Constitution, and with this vote, I  intend to do so.   I yield the floor.   