 I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, if you went across America and just picked  a random person and said ``Did you know the Senate is in session this  weekend?'' they, of course, wouldn't know. You would say to them  ``Well, why do you think the Senate is in this rare 5-day session?''  and they would say, I am sure, ``Well, of course they are in a rare 5- day session. We are in the midst of a deadly pandemic.'' You would  guess that would be the answer of most Americans.   Why would they say that? Well, I know why they would say it in  Illinois--because the coronavirus in Illinois has spiked to a newly  confirmed daily COVID-19 State record as of yesterday, and 63 more  deaths have been reported. Our positivity rate is over 6 percent now,  and the Governor and mayor are taking steps that they didn't want to  take but have no choice. They are closing restaurants and bars and  imposing a curfew on the city of Chicago.   You can imagine how they feel as more and more infections come  rolling in and more and more people are dying. We have had almost 9,600  deaths so far in Illinois and, as we know, nationwide, over 225,000  deaths.   But don't believe for a second that this is a big-city problem  because the New York Times reports this morning in its edition the  names of the 50 counties across America with the worst per capita  outbreaks of COVID virus with fewer than 10,000 people in the county.   Senator Thune was here earlier. His State of South Dakota has really  been devastated when it comes to small counties, these counties--Bon  Homme, Faulk, Harding, Miner, Buffalo, Oglala Lakota, Sully, Campbell,  Brule, Turner, Jackson, Todd. Small counties. Rural areas. Smalltown  America that used to say: It is a big-city problem. But now, sadly, it  is a smalltown problem too.   I am sure the Presiding Officer knows that on this list of 50 is  Izard County--I hope I am pronouncing it correctly--in Arkansas and  Lincoln County as well.   Following me speaking will be a Senator from Colorado, and  unfortunately Sedgwick County is included on this list.   The point I am trying to make is this: This is a pandemic that is the  worst we have seen in a century. More people are getting sick and more  people are dying than we ever imagined. We face this not just in big  cities like Chicago but in small towns and small counties in my State  of Illinois and everywhere.   I pointed out the Senators who have been recently on the floor, but,  trust me, this list includes a lot of other States even with Democratic  Senators. It makes no difference. The virus could care less.   With facing this at this moment in time, the American people would  rightly think that we would be doing everything imaginable, everything  within our power to address this pandemic in this rare 5-day session  leading up to a national election, but they would be wrong. They would  be wrong because that is not our priority in the Senate. The priority  in the Republican-controlled Senate is the filling of a vacancy on the  Supreme Court, and the nominee, Amy Coney Barrett, comes before us for  a vote on confirmation tomorrow after 5 days.   The reason it is controversial, the reason it has to be rushed from  the Republican point of view, the reason they are hell-bent to get this  done before the election is directly related to the pandemic. It seems  like an odd coupling. How did that happen? Well, it came down to this:  The filling of this vacancy in an extraordinary way, since we have  never--underline the word ``never''--in the history of the United  States filled a Supreme Court vacancy this close to an election-- actually, in the midst of an election--it has never been done--the  reason they are breaking all the rules, including the sacred McConnell  rule, which was announced 4 years ago, that lameduck Presidents--by his  definition, Presidents in their last year--should have no authority to  fill a Supreme Court vacancy--the reason they have decided to ignore  that sacred McConnell rule and go forward with this is because of one  day that is coming up: November 10.   You see, on November 10, the Supreme Court of the United States  considers the case of California v. Texas. It is a big deal on the  Republican side. The purpose of that case is for attorneys general in  Republican States and the Attorney General of the United States to  strike down the Affordable Care Act. They want to make sure that Amy  Coney Barrett has black robes on and is sitting in the Supreme Court  when it is argued so she can be there when the critical vote to  eliminate the Affordable Care Act occurs just a few weeks from now. If  they don't get this done by November 3, they are afraid of what might  happen. Something might get complicated and they couldn't get her on  the Bench on time.   If you think I am making this up, we have as a source for that  information none other than the President of the United States of  America--a President who never suffered an unuttered thought; a  President who generates dozens of tweets every day and tells us exactly  what is on his mind every waking moment. He made it clear to us that  when it came to Amy Coney Barrett, she was a priority. He promised long  ago: I won't put a Supreme Court Justice on the Court unless they will  join me in eliminating the Affordable Care Act.    So we knew that as a starter, and then he added as a grace note: And  I want to make sure this Justice is on the Court so if there are any  election contests, I will have nine Justices there.   Not subtle, is it?   That is why I said in the hearing and since that there is an orange  cloud over this nomination--an orange cloud that emanates from the  White House. And that is why we come here today, just hours before the  final vote, understanding what is at stake if the President has his  way, if the Republicans have their way.  [[Page S6456]]    If Amy Coney Barrett is on the Bench by November 10, then she will be  in a position to strike down a law which provides health insurance for  23 million Americans. There is the linkage I mentioned earlier.   In the midst of a pandemic, with 8 million Americans having been  infected; in the midst of a pandemic with over 225,000 American lives  lost; in the midst of a pandemic setting new records as this COVID-19  virus invades our towns and cities and counties and States again; in  the midst of this, the Republican leader, Mitch McConnell, says we have  no time to discuss COVID-19--no, but we have all the time we need to  make sure we have our Supreme Court Justice on the Bench when the  future of the Affordable Care Act is decided.   There have been a lot of questions as to whether Amy Coney Barrett is  qualified. She is impressive in her answers to questions, if she gets  around to answering them. I am sure that she has a head full of law.  You can tell it when she answers, which is rare. You can tell why she  was a law school professor and now a circuit judge.   But the purpose of our hearing was not just to figure out if she was  smart, properly educated, licensed to practice law. All of that aside,  the purpose of the hearing, from my point of view, was to try to  determine not what was in her head but what is in her heart when it  comes down to basic questions, because, you see, at the bottom of all  this is the Affordable Care Act and its fate and the fact that she has  published on more than one occasion her opinion of that law, and, not  surprisingly, it is negative.   I want to tell you in a moment--I want to get personal for a moment  about this Affordable Care Act before I talk about Amy Coney Barrett  and her philosophy.   I want to introduce you to a young man from the State of Illinois.  His name is Alex Echols. He is from Chicago. I met with him recently.  Big smile, right? Well, when he was 9 years old, two of his mother's  best friends were diagnosed with breast cancer and passed away before  they reached the age of 50. As Alex moved into high school, his mother  was diagnosed with breast cancer. Thankfully, she got treatment, and  today, 20 years later, she is still in remission. Later, in high  school, Alex lost his young cousin to leukemia. Shortly after that, his  aunt passed away from lung cancer.   Alex emphasized that all of these Black relatives and friends had  their cancer discovered at a late stage, demonstrating a discrepancy in  early screening for communities of color. The Affordable Care Act  helped to address this disparity by ensuring free preventive  screenings, including in private insurance.   Hear that. Ten years ago, when we passed this law, we ensured that  people could get private screenings--early private screenings for the  detection of a cancer in its earliest stage when it could still be  treated.   As fate would have it, when Alex turned 29, he was diagnosed with  non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. He was uninsured at the time, but thanks to the  Affordable Care Act, he was able to get enrolled and access the care he  needed. He received treatment at several hospitals in Chicago and  ultimately chemotherapy and a lifesaving bone-marrow transplant at the  University of Chicago Hospital. Today he is in complete remission. How  about that. He lives in Chicago with his wife and is active in  leadership training programs and advocacy.   He wrote me a note and he said: Senator, ``if it were not for the  Affordable Care Act and being able to gain access to healthcare at that  time, then I am not sure I would be alive right now to share my  story.''   Why do I tell you that story? Because the future of his healthcare  depends on filling this nomination to the Supreme Court and whether the  person who fills it is going to eliminate this law and protection or  protect it.   Here is another fellow I met. His name is Paul Marshilonus. I  remember meeting Paul because, like me, he has Lithuanian heritage. We  talked about it. I met him during an immigration event.   Due to complications of a knee condition, Paul Marshilonus was no  longer able to work at the Sears store, and he lost his employer-based  insurance when he was in his early sixties   Paul's wife used to worry about relatives who had cancer, and she  said to him: ``I hope that doesn't happen to me, because we can't get  insurance and we have nowhere to go.''   Then Paul received a prostate cancer diagnosis when he was 63-- unfortunately, 2 years too young for Medicaid. Thanks to the Affordable  Care Act, he got enrolled in the Cook County CountyCare Medicaid  expansion coverage.   I am happy to say that because I joined with Toni Preckwinkle, the  president of the Cook County Board, to ask then-President Obama to give  us a waiver so we could extend Medicare coverage early on under the  Affordable Care Act. He gave us the waiver. We covered 120,000 people  with Medicaid protection, and one of them was Paul. He was able to  access the care he needed, including 45 radiation treatments, totaling  an insurance cost of $175,000.   Today, Paul is cancer-free. He still depends on the Affordable Care  Act for preventive screenings under Medicare. He currently takes seven  medications--blood thinners, allergies, blood pressure, metformin. If  the ACA were to be eliminated, he would be charged more for those  prescription drugs.   That is another thing we did with the Affordable Care Act. We reduced  the cost of prescription drugs for people under Medicare. When it is  eliminated, that reduction will disappear.   If Republicans succeed in terminating the Affordable Care Act at the  Supreme Court, Americans like Paul will pay the price.   So you wonder why we are coming to the floor with these speeches late  on a Sunday afternoon. Because these people asked us to. They asked us  to come up and stand up for them and say what they can't say on the  floor of the Senate. That is why we are here in the midst of a  pandemic. That is why we are here--a nation that values healthcare as  much as anything else we have as American citizens.   That is why, when we asked Amy Coney Barrett some basic questions, we  expected to at least get some indication of an answer. She wouldn't  answer basic questions. Senator Leahy was there; he was following it.  What we saw was practiced avoidance of ever telling us the basics.   You know, she styles herself as an originalist, and I will talk about  that in a moment. An originalist supposedly values the Constitution--in  fact, depends on it; finds guidance in it that other people can't see  in the words, they find in the words; really delves into the  Constitution; honors it; swears by it. Yet when we asked about basic  constitutional principles--basics, written in the words of the document  itself--time and again, she would say: I really wish I could answer,  but, you know, a case may come before the Supreme Court someday on  that, and I am just going to have to duck that question. She wouldn't  tell us whether the President of the United States could unilaterally-- unilaterally--delay the Presidential election. How about that?    There are only three separate references in the Constitution to that  deadline and date for a Presidential election, and she couldn't answer  that question: Can the President unilaterally delay an election?   She couldn't tell us whether there should be a peaceful transfer of  power from one President to the next.   Please, Professor, Judge, you know in your heart of hearts that  without a peaceful transfer of power, you don't have democracy.   When it came to the issue of voter intimidation--why did we raise  that? Because there was a call to arms from some of the militia groups  and others in this country to harass voters.   She wouldn't tell us whether she thought voter intimidation was  unlawful. She wouldn't even answer a question I asked her in writing as  to whether President Trump was legally accurate in saying: ``I have an  Article II, where I have the right to do whatever I want as  president.''   ``Whatever I want as president.''   Three separate branches, balance of power--I thought that was in the  Constitution the originalists venerate. It was not enough for Amy Coney  Barrett to answer the question. She just said: It wouldn't be  appropriate. You know, a case may come before us someday--you never  know.   That is troubling. It is not a question of respecting her  prerogatives as a future Justice; it is a question of dodging  [[Page S6457]]  a question over and over and over again.   At one point, Senator Kennedy, who will be speaking here shortly,  asked her about climate change. She said: I really don't have a view on  that. You know, I hadn't really thought about climate change.   She is 48 years old, a lawyer, a law school professor, a circuit  judge, a mother of seven, and it never crossed her mind about climate  change, as to even whether it exists?   Judge Barrett refused to comment on the landmark Supreme Court  decision in Griswold v. Connecticut. That is the case in which the  Supreme Court confirmed that there is a right to marital privacy and  that criminalizing contraception violated that right. It was a  fundamental decision that led ultimately to Roe v. Wade. She wouldn't  even opine as to whether or not that was properly decided.   She wouldn't commit herself--to recuse herself from election disputes  involving President Trump even though his comments at a minimum have  created an appearance of partiality that warrants her recusal under the  judicial recusal statute.   I asked her in the 30 minutes initially that we were given to explain  a 37-page dissent in Kanter v. Barr. This was a case where a fellow  named Rickey Kanter ended up defrauding the Federal Government of  millions of dollars. He was convicted of mail fraud. He ended up  advertising that the cushions he had for shoes had been approved by  Medicare. They had not. He then started selling them in volume across  the United States, and he was caught at it red-handed. He ended up with  a massive, multimillion-dollar civil settlement, with a substantial  fine and penalty and 1 year in Federal prison.   He came out after his year in Federal prison and said: I will tell  you what is unfair. After all I have been through, I can't buy an AK- 47. What is wrong with my Second Amendment rights?   That was the case--Rickey Kanter's Second Amendment rights to buy a  gun.   So he brought this case before a three-judge panel on the Seventh  Circuit, where Amy Coney Barrett was presiding with two other judges,  and said: I want to assert my Second Amendment rights. It is just not  fair, after what I have been convicted of, to say that I should be  denied the right to buy a gun.   Amy Coney Barrett spent 37 pages explaining why he was right, and the  other two judges on the case went the other way in a hurry--both  Republican appointees, I might add. But she stuck to her guns, so to  speak, and said that as far as Rickey Kanter was concerned, it was just  fundamentally unfair, you see, because he was just convicted of a  felony, not a violent felony. Really?   Then she went a step further in the issue of voting rights. She  really got down to the basic question: Could you be denied to buy a gun  if you ``just committed a felony,'' or could you be denied the right to  vote if you just committed a felony--not a violent felony in either  case.   Well, she reached the conclusion that the right to bear arms and the  right to vote were two different kinds of rights; that the right to  bear arms was individual, so Rickey Kanter, even if he committed a  felony, could not be denied a gun. But she went on to say that when it  came to the right to vote, that was a ``civic'' right and that as a  consequence of it, if you committed a felony--not even a violent  felony--you could lose your right to vote. What an amazing conclusion.  That is the originalist's mind at work   I had to remind her that she lives in the State of Indiana. Guns flow  across the border from Indiana into Illinois and the city of Chicago.  We have a violence problem in that city that is serious and deadly  every single darn weekend. Many of those guns--they trace them,  incidentally, the Federal agencies do--20 percent of those guns come  from her State of Indiana and why many of them--criminals go to  Indiana, and many come from gun shows where there are no background  checks. So you know what happens. The gang bangers and thugs drive over  to Indiana to a gun show, fill up the trunk of a car with guns, and  head to the streets of Chicago.   I said to her, she had to know this, living in South Bend, IN, with  her kids growing up there. If she knew that, how could she be on the  side of making it easier for anybody to buy a gun who has been  convicted of a felony? But she did. Her originalism was at work.   I want to say a word about originalism. Originalism is not just some  foreign language you pick up on Babbel. It is a mindset. It is a  mission statement. It is the belief that original text in the  Constitution reveals all the answers to today's challenges.   Now, all of us here have taken an oath to support and defend the  Constitution. I don't take an oath lightly, and I am sure none of my  colleagues do either. But the question is about that document itself.  Does it have in its entirety what we need to know about our rights  today in dealing with the constitutional issues that come before us?   Let me mention to you what the mayor of Chicago said a week ago when  she was asked about originalism.   Lori Lightfoot said: ``Since the Constitution didn't consider me a  person in any way, shape or form because I'm a woman, because I'm  Black, because I'm gay, I am not an originalist.'' Lightfoot said, ``I  believe in the Constitution. I believe that it's a document that the  founders intended to evolve, and what they did was set the framework  for how our country was going to be different than any other, and  whatever was there in the original language. But originalists say that,  `Let's go back to 1776 and whatever was there in the original language,  that's it.' That language excluded, now, over 50 percent of the  country. So, no I'm not an originalist.''   So let's be very honest about that Constitution. Women could not vote  in that original Constitution. African-Americans were not even counted  as whole people; they were three-fifths of a citizen. And the list goes  on.   I still venerate it for creating the democracy we enjoy today, but I  don't believe that the Founding Fathers could possibly intuit where we  are in America at this moment. What is at stake with originalism is  this battle with judicial activism. What is behind this battle with  judicial activism goes back to this moment.   Here are the words of historian Heather Cox Richardson: ``After World  War II, under Chief Justice Earl Warren, a Republican appointed by  President Dwight Eisenhower, and Chief Justice Warren Burger, a  Republican appointed by Richard Nixon, the Supreme Court set out to  make all Americans equal before the law. 1950s, they tried to end  segregation through Brown v. Board of Education, prohibiting racial  segregation in public schools. In 1965, they protected the rights of  married couples to use contraception. In 1967, they legalized  interracial marriage. In 1973, with the Roe v. Wade decision, they  tried to give women control over their own reproduction by legalizing  abortion.   ``The Justices based their decisions on the due process clause of the  14th Amendment, passed by Congress in 1866 and ratified in 1868 in the  wake of the Civil War. Congress developed this after the legislatures  in former Confederate States passed `Black Codes' severely limiting the  rights and protections for formerly enslaved people. Congress intended  for the 14th Amendment to enable the Federal Government to guarantee  that African Americans had the same rights as White Americans, even in  States where legislatures want to keep them in some form of quasi- slavery. Justices in the Warren and Burger Courts used that same  amendment to protect civil rights a century later. They argued that the  14th Amendment required that the bill of rights apply to state  governments as well as the federal government. This is known as the  incorporation doctrine, but the name matters less than the concept:  states cannot abridge the individual rights any more than the federal  government. This doctrine dramatically expanded civil rights.   ``But from the beginning, there was a backlash against New Deal  government by businesses who objected to the idea of federal regulation  and the bureaucracy it would require. As early as 1937, they were  demanding to end the active government--active government--and return  to the world of the 1920s where businessmen could do as they wished,  family and churches managed social welfare and private interests  profited from infrastructure projects. They gained little traction; the  vast majority of Americans liked the new system.  [[Page S6458]]  But the expansion of civil rights under the Warren and Burger Courts  was a whole new kettle of fish.''    What I am sharing with you here is an amazing summary of Heather Cox  Richardson. ``Opponents of the new decisions insisted the court was  engaging in''--hold on tight--``'judicial activism''' in trying to  strike down discrimination and bigotry--``taking away from voters the  right to make the decisions about how society should work.'' They said  Justices were ``legislating from the bench.''   Heard that before?   ``They insisted the Constitution is limited by the views of its  framers, that the government can do nothing not explicitly written in  that 1787 document. Faced with confusion over the exact meaning of the  Constitution, some revised their position in a few ways. One was to  rely on textualism or originalism, the idea that a law says exactly  what it says and nothing else. This is the foundation for today's  `originalists' like [Amy Coney] Barrett.''   When you hear this debate, ``I am just following the Constitution. I  am just following the text. I want to go to the original document. I  don't want to see judges who are activists,'' it had its origin in the  1950s when two Justices on the Supreme Court appointed by Republicans  stepped up and said: It is time for us to be serious about civil rights  in America. Some politicians and those who support them have never  gotten over it, and we are still debating it today.   Let me conclude. I see my colleagues waiting patiently. I am sorry it  took a long time, but this is as serious as it gets, as far as I am  concerned.   Let me conclude by saying this: There are so many issues of critical  importance at risk in what we are about to do. The 6-to-3 conservative  majority in the Supreme Court will challenge not only the future of the  Affordable Care Act but voting rights and the outcome of an election,  the right of privacy and choice, civil rights, environmental  protections, marriage equality, worker protections, the fate of  Dreamers, gun safety laws, and so much more.   We asked Amy Coney Barrett repeatedly, many of us did: Because the  President has said he put you on the Court with a mission, and you are  denying that took place, will you at least promise us that you will  recuse yourself from cases directly relating to these issues? And she  said she might, she might not; there was a process she might follow.   There is something else she could do. You see, if this Senate goes  forward and approves the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett, she has one  last decision before she becomes a Supreme Court Justice. She gets to  choose the day when she is sworn in. I would like to suggest to her,  for the integrity of the Court and to remove any possible cloud over  her nomination created by the President's tweets and promises, I would  like to ask her to pledge to the American people that whatever the  Senate does, she will not take the oath of office until a new President  is sworn in. If it is a reelection of President Trump, so be it. If it  is Joe Biden, so be it. But if she will wait and absent herself from  any election contest or debate on the Affordable Care Act, it will  start to remove this cloud of doubt, this orange cloud of doubt which  is over her nomination.   I am going to stand up for the constituents I have talked about today  and so many others whose futures hang in the balance, and I will vote  no on Judge Amy Coney Barrett.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    Mr. President, we are faced with three basic questions,  and the first question couldn't be more basic: Why are we here?   If you told the American people that the U.S. Senate was in session 5  days in a row and meeting through the weekend and asked them what they  think the order of business was before the Senate, they would say:  Silly question. It is obvious. It has to be the pandemic facing  America. It has to be the fact that 225,150 Americans have died from  the coronavirus, 8.7 million infected, and most certainly because the  United States has recorded more than 85,000 COVID-19 cases just this  last Friday, the highest number of cases recorded within a 24-hour  period since the beginning of the pandemic and Saturday was the same.   So they would guess that the Senate was in session to do something  about this deadly epidemic that is affecting the United States of  America in a more serious way than any country in the world. They would  wonder what we are doing to try to provide more testing, more  protection for people. They certainly would question the statement by  the Chief of Staff of the President of the United States, Mark Meadows,  who said just yesterday that the Trump administration ``is not going to  control the pandemic.'' It would trouble them, I am sure.   They would expect this Congress representing them--up for reelection,  many of us--to be responsive to their needs to protect their families  or they might ask us: Are you doing anything to help the people, the 23  million unemployed in America? Certainly, you must be working on that,  too, because these families were cut off from their Federal  unemployment supplemental on July 31. So for the months of August and  September and now into October, the amount of money coming in to keep  their homes together, their families together has been dramatically  diminished.   If they assumed that, they are wrong, because for the last 5 days  here in the U.S. Senate we have not been consumed with those life-and- death issues of this pandemic at all. Instead we are consumed with a  political mission.   How did we reach this point where we are taking up this Supreme Court  nomination in the midst of a Presidential election for the first time  in the history of the United States, in the midst of an election we are  taking this up? Well, because of the determination of the Republican  majority leader of the Senate, Senator McConnell of Kentucky.   Four years ago, you will remember the Antonin Scalia vacancy.  President Obama decided that he was still President of the United  States in the 8th year of his Presidency, but Senator McConnell said:  No, you are not. You do not have the Presidential authority to fill a  Supreme Court vacancy because it is the last year of your Presidency.  You are a lameduck. There is an election coming. Let the American  people decide who will fill this vacancy. That was the McConnell rule 4  years ago, and the Republican Senators marched in lockstep behind him  with his logic.   Fast forward 4 years, the vacancy with the death of Ruth Bader  Ginsburg and Senator McConnell has changed his story completely and his  troops are still marching obediently behind him. Now, under President  Trump, he can fill a vacancy even in the midst of a Presidential  election, and that is why we are here today. This determination by  Senator McConnell that this political errand that he is running for  President Trump is more important than the COVID-19 pandemic, more  important than the runaway infection rates in 20 States across the  United States, more important than trying to deal with the unemployment  and the dysfunctions of this economy under this President.   Yes, we asked basic questions to be answered by the Judiciary  Committee--questions that were posed to Amy Coney Barrett, once a law  school professor at Notre Dame Law School, now on the Seventh Circuit  Court of Appeals   People say: Is she qualified? Well, if you are asking whether she is  studied in the law and has a head full of law, there is no question  about it. It has been many years since I faced a law school professor,  and I will give it to you that she certainly knows a lot about the law.  There is no doubt about it. But the questions that I asked of her  really went beyond that basic question. I really wanted to know what  was not just in her head when it came to the law but I want to know  what she has in her heart when it comes to the law.   One of the Senators who spoke to us a few minutes ago chided us  because we kept bringing color photographs to the floor and to the  committee hearings of people whose lives depended on the Affordable  Care Act. He characterized it as ``theater'' and likened these images,  these photographs, to cutouts at sporting events.   Well, let me tell you the ones that I presented from Illinois  represent real-life stories of real-life families who depend on the  Affordable Care Act. Why do we raise the Affordable Care Act in the  midst of this hearing for filling this Supreme Court vacancy? For one  simple reason--that is what the President did. It was the President who  told us far in advance: I am going to fill Supreme Court vacancies to  eliminate the Affordable Care Act. So is this a leap of faith on our  part to take the President at his word? Would the President even  consider lying to the American people?   If you take him at his word, then Amy Coney Barrett is part of an  agenda--a political agenda to eliminate the Affordable Care Act. And in  the past the President has said Roe v. Wade while you are at it and  also to move forward when it comes to protecting him if there is an  election contest after the November 3 election. He said as much. As I  mentioned earlier, he doesn't have an unuttered thought. He tweets it  25 times a day, whatever crosses his fertile mind, and that is his  agenda when it comes to filling the Supreme Court vacancy. When we  asked Judge Barrett, she denies any promises have been made. But there  is some evidence, obviously, along the way that convinced the President  and the people in the White House that she would fulfill his mission if  she came to the Supreme Court.   When you look at the issues involved, it is not just her compassion  when it comes to the Affordable Care Act and 23 million Americans  covered by insurance under that law, 600,000 of them in Illinois. It is  not just a question of her courage to stand up to this President if  there is an election-year contest that comes before the Supreme Court.  It is really whether she is committed to preserving the pillars of  modern law--the rights of women. Ruth Bader Ginsburg's death created  this vacancy. There is hardly a person in our modern history who spent  more of her life dedicated to the rights of women. Is Amy Coney Barrett  going to follow in that tradition? I think it is a legitimate question.   When it came to racism, are we going to deal with racism in an honest  way? And I will get to that in a moment when I speak to her originalism  motivation.   Marriage equality, privacy, voting--all these issues are on the  table. And I do have to disagree with my colleague from Texas who  preceded me. I just don't believe the law is robotic, nor do I believe  that there is a simple formula to use that can guarantee an outcome of  a case. As I said to Judge Barrett in our private conversation before  the hearing, there wouldn't be 5-to-4 cases if we could count on people  to always look at the facts and the law and come to the same  conclusion. People reach different conclusions.   That takes me to the third point here. We asked Amy Coney Barrett  during the course of this hearing so  [[Page S6582]]  many questions about basic, basic law that went right to the heart of  this Constitution. These weren't trick questions. They weren't the  subject of pending litigation or litigation. Questions like, Can this  President or any President unilaterally decide to change the date of a  Presidential election? That is pretty basic. I think it is covered by  three different sections in this Constitution. She refused to answer  because of the possibility that there would be litigation before the  Court on that subject.   Well, what about intimidation against voters, trying to cast their  votes in an election? Couldn't answer that one either--same reason.   This was asked by Senator Kennedy, a Republican from Louisiana: What  about climate change? Well, it turns out Judge Barrett told us she  really hadn't developed any thoughts on climate change. Really? Forty- eight years old, lawyer, law school professor, mother of seven--no  thoughts on climate change?   When it was all over, you had to ask yourself, what was the purpose  of that hearing if those were the kinds of answers we faced? Certainly,  we wouldn't ask her about pending litigation.   But the one thing that she was very proud of and stated over and over  again is that she was an originalist when it came to her thinking on  the law and the Constitution. As I said, originalism is not some  foreign language you pick up on Babbel. It is a mindset. It is a  mission statement. It is the belief that the original text in our  Constitution reveals all the answers. I doubt that very much. That is  kind of MAGA jurisprudence--``take us back to the good old days''  jurisprudence because, you see, what really launched originalism  occurred in the 1950s in a case called Brown v. Board of Education. The  Southern States were not ready for integration, and many of the  Northern States weren't either, for that matter. The critics of that  Supreme Court decision said it was judicial activism to integrate the  public schools of America. They were critical of a Court that they  thought went too far under Earl Warren. They called for his impeachment  and more and started saying: You should have stuck with the original  Constitution. Well, the original Constitution didn't give African  Americans the right to vote; in fact, considered them under the law to  be three-fifths of an American citizen. So those so-called originalists  criticized that activist Court, and it didn't end with Brown v. Board  of Education.   The same criticism was launched when it came to Griswold v.  Connecticut, a case that really argued that we have a right of privacy  in our married lives that can't be overcome by the State; Loving v.  Virginia, that interracial marriage was permissible; and then, of  course, the case of Roe v. Wade, the ultimate case when it came to  privacy and liberty.   So those who come before us and tell us that what is really at stake  here is restraint on the Court, self-discipline on the Court--we have  heard all those words--and making sure that Justices don't pursue  policy, think about all of those things in terms of what happened in  Brown v. Board of Education and when they overruled Plessy v. Ferguson  decades before, and said: Moving forward, we believe this Constitution  guarantees to every child the right to an education, regardless of  their race.   Dr. Chemerinsky is with the University of California School of Law in  Berkeley. He wrote a recent article in the New York Times on this  originalism theory. And he noted the fact that it was Antonin Scalia  who gave it great popularity, and a lot of people followed Scalia  because he was cerebral, jocular, and fun to be with. He spoke to a  luncheon of Democratic Senators that I was able to attend. But when it  came down to it, his views on the law were pretty strict and pretty  rigid pursuing this idea that, for example, under this view, the First  Amendment means the same thing as when it was adopted in 1791; the  Fourteenth Amendment means the same thing as it was ratified in 1868.  It turns out that the circumstances in all those cases have changed so  dramatically in America.   Judge Amy Coney Barrett argued she is an originalist. She would be  joining that other originalist on the Court, Clarence Thomas, with her  legal thinking, and that gives me pause and concern when it comes to  what she is bringing to the Court--a head full of law, for sure, but an  approach to it that I think is a pose. It is a way to argue against  change and evolution in America that is inevitable and, in fact,  necessary.   The professor says under the original public meaning of the  Constitution, it would be unconstitutional to elect a woman as  President or Vice President until the Constitution is amended because  article II refers to the pronoun ``he.'' When you get stuck with the  language in the original Constitution in the extreme, you find yourself  reaching conclusions that are not in the best interest or consistent  with American mores or values today.   So this is more than just another nomination to fill a vacancy on the  Supreme Court. It comes at a moment in time when we should be focusing  on the deadly pandemic facing America. We should have spent 5 straight  days coming up with a COVID relief bill for the millions of Americans  desperate for help today and desperate for peace of mind when it comes  to this public health tragedy which we are facing.   It is a nomination which comes before us when the rules of Senate and  the rules of the Senate Judiciary Committee are being twisted and  turned to create a political opportunity for Senator McConnell and his  side of the aisle. Sadly, it is a moment in time when a nominee for the  Supreme Court wants to bring to us a legal way of thinking which I  believe is inconsistent with progress in this country when it comes to  human rights and civil rights.   Under originalist theory, we may never have had Brown v. Board of  Education and the other cases I mentioned. What a loss for this great  Nation. That is not what we need on the Court. We need people on the  Court who are realists and who will look at the law and the  Constitution in real terms and not ideological terms.    The notion that this Justice is being hurried before us in the hopes  that she will eliminate the Affordable Care Act in the midst of a  pandemic certainly is worth noting. It is one of the reasons--one of  many of reasons--that I will be voting no on Amy Coney Barrett with her  nomination to the Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.   