 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    The Senator from New Mexico will yield.    Madam President, thank you for the recognition, and I very  much appreciate Senator Carper talking about the wonderful, young  employees whom we have around us and the young people who come here who  are dedicated and work, and we have some great ones on the committees.  I see Mary Frances back here behind you, and I have Matthew Padilla  over here on my right. There are so many great young people that just  come to Washington or live in Washington, and they are really dedicated  to see that we do a good job. It is wonderful to hear you talk about  that young man.   I rise to affirm the Congress's constitutional authority to declare  war and to support the War Powers Resolution before us. The chilling  events of last month bring into stark relief why this resolution is  absolutely needed. The President brought us to the very edge of war  with Iran by his attack on its top general.   We must pass this resolution because, even if the President does not  respect the plain words of the Constitution, the Members of this body  should.   Look at this chart here. Here they are, clear as day: The ``Congress  shall have power . . . to declare War.'' The Congress alone has the  power to declare war. The President does not.   I did not come to this view recently. I held the same view under  President Obama's administration. I spoke up against his plans for  airstrikes in Syria, and I voted against an authorization for those  airstrikes in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. So, whether you  support war with Iran or not, I urge every single Member here to stand  up for our Constitution and to vote for this resolution.   Last month, as we were on the brink of war with Iran, the whole  Nation and the whole world watched on edge, braced for conflict,  bloodshed, and terror. Yet, to this day, this administration has not  provided a serious justification for the strike on General Soleimani.  The administration claimed the 2002 authorization for use of military  force against Iraq justified the strike, but the AUMF, which I voted  against, authorizes force ``against the continuing threat posed by  Iraq,'' not any threat posed by Iran. That authorization was passed in  2002, and here we are, 18 years later, and it is being specifically  used to get us into another conflict.   The administration claims Soleimani posed an imminent threat to U.S.  troops, diplomats, and citizens, but the administration gave no  convincing evidence to the Congress or the American people that an  attack from Iran on U.S. interests was imminent or that the killing  would have stopped such an imminent attack.   During the Senate briefing, when we asked questions trying to get  real answers about the evidence and why they didn't seek congressional  approval, the administration wouldn't answer our questions. One  Republican Senator, at the briefing that we had from administration  officials, called that briefing the ``worst'' briefing he had ever had.  He said it was ``insulting and demeaning.''   While the President claimed on Twitter, without evidence, that Iran  had targeted four U.S. Embassies, his own Secretary of Defense  disavowed that claim. We come to find out that the operation was  planned months in advance and was even broader than General Soleimani.  That is not a response to an imminent threat. That is an unauthorized  and thus unconstitutional act of war.   In the end, the President all but admitted the attack was  retaliatory, not defensive, when he tweeted that any justification for  the strike ``doesn't really matter . . . because of [Soleimani's]  horrible past.''   This President has misled the public on many things, big and small.  It is clear that he will mislead us on the most consequential matters  we face--war and peace. He cannot be entrusted with the sole power to  risk lives of American troops in war, and he does not have that power  under our Constitution.   The President's strike took us to the edge of an unauthorized war,  but we didn't get here overnight. The President's unilateral decision  to withdraw from the Iran nuclear agreement in May of 2018, combined  with his disastrous maximum pressure campaign, destabilized the region.  Since we pulled out of the nuclear agreement, the President  dramatically increased the number of troops in the Middle East, despite  his campaign promise to do the opposite.   Between May and December of last year, the President deployed an  additional 15,000 troops to the Middle East. Days before the strike on  Soleimani, he sent in 1,000 more Army and Marine troops. Post-strike,  he sent 3,500 more troops. In response to our strike, Iran withdrew  from the nuclear agreement's limits on the production of centrifuges,  uranium enrichment, and research, decreasing the time for Iran to  acquire enough fissile material for one bomb.   The Iraqi Parliament voted to oust U.S. troops from Iraq, which could  lead to an increased ISIS presence. We have refused to leave the  country, setting up a conflict with our ally Iraq.   Our strike pushed the Iraqi Government and the people of Iraq closer  to Iran and unified the Iranian people against us just as protests  against the Iranian Government were sprouting up. The region is still a  powder keg, and we just don't know when and where Iranian proxy forces  will attack our troops.   Finally, worst of all, Iran launched a missile attack against U.S.  troops in Iraq, risking American lives. While I am grateful no one was  killed, I am anguished that more than 100 of our soldiers suffered from  traumatic brain injury from the attack. While the President said he  doesn't consider their injuries serious, I agreed with the Veterans of  Foreign Wars, who asked the President to apologize for that callous  remark. The President's insults to injured servicemembers is appalling,  and his injury to the Constitution is deeply troubling.   We have a President who claims he doesn't need congressional approval  to go to war with Iran. He has actually said that, under article II of  the Constitution, he has ``the right to do whatever I want as  President.'' That sounds like a claim of total unlimited power. That  isn't what our Constitution was about.   The Founders of our Constitution would be shocked to hear that and  even more shocked to learn that Congress refuses to act to assert its  power. The Founders rejected the notion that the President alone should  have the power to send the country into war. They believed it unwise to  vest the President--one person--with that power. So they vested that  decision with the people's representatives, to make sure that any war  would have broad-based support.   That decision makes as much sense today as it did 230 years ago. It  is our job, as the representatives of the people, to decide whether to  go to war. The American people do not want war with Iran. Yet, even if  you disagree with the overwhelming will of the American people, the  issue before us is not whether you would support war with Iran or not.  The issue is whether we are going to uphold our oath to support and  defend the Constitution.   The War Powers Resolution before us exercises that constitutional  prerogative, ending hostilities unless Congress authorizes it. This  President is fully capable of starting a war without getting  congressional approval or even without consulting with us. He has  already proved that.   The stakes are too high. We cannot wait until the next time he orders  a strike he can't justify with consequences no one can predict. We  cannot wait until the next time he gambles with American soldiers'  lives. Now is the time to set straight the boundaries, not only for  this President but for future ones as well. Now is the time to vote for  this resolution and to send the President a message that there is  [[Page S1022]]  no support in Congress for an unconstitutional war of his own making.   I yield the floor.   