 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it may seem like a long time ago, but it  was only 3 months ago when Congress came together, in a rare bipartisan  fashion, and we passed the CARES Act. We did that to help address the  unprecedented needs of the country and the American people as we began  to address the global pandemic. It was the third emergency  appropriations bill Congress has passed this year to address the impact  of the coronavirus. Yet despite its scope and size, we knew then, and  we all acknowledged then, that absent a miracle, it would not be the  last emergency appropriations bill required.   At that time, we all knew the number of COVID cases would continue to  grow at an alarming rate, as would the number of deaths. Each death has  left in its wake friends, family, and loved ones, all devastated by a  loss that can never be undone. In those 3 months, we have also seen our  economy grind to a halt. More than 47 million men and women have filed  for unemployment. Families are struggling to pay their bills. They are  worried about putting food on the table, paying their rent, and caring  for their children. Lines at food banks are at historic highs,  including in my home State of Vermont. For many, the situation is  desperate.   I wish we could say we were through the worst of it and things could  now return to normal. We know that we cannot. Florida, Texas, Arizona,  North  [[Page S3995]]  Carolina, Alabama, and Oklahoma, just to name a few, are seeing an  alarming spike in cases. Health experts are ringing the alarm bell,  including the Secretary of Health and Human Services, who had  previously spent a lot of time trying to defend this administration's  anemic response.   We all know this virus is far from vanquished. As numbers continue to  rise across the Nation and new hot spots emerge, it is clear we are  going to need another emergency appropriations bill to address this  epidemic, and, frankly, we need it now.   At times like this, the country needs real leadership and vision. We  need to get out in front of this crisis, not make all kinds of response  after the fact. We know our leadership is not coming from the White  House. The President has made very clear in his statements that he  believes opening the economy and fighting the virus are competing  actions. He gives the American people a false choice.   I believe that only if we effectively fight the virus are we then  able to open the economy, whether in my State or any other State. Now,  6 weeks ago, the House of Representatives passed the Heroes Act. It is  a strong proposal. It provides assistance to struggling families. It  supports State and local governments. It battles the virus by  sponsoring a responsible testing program. It recognizes the sacrifices  being made by grocery store clerks, first responders, nurses, doctors,  truckers, and more. It makes critical changes to programs such as SNAP,  which supports those among us who are struggling the most.   Let's talk about what we have done. The first week or the second week  or the third week or the fourth week or the fifth week or the sixth  week since the House passed that bill, what has the Senate done?  Nothing. Despite numerous calls from myself and Democratic leadership  in the Senate, weeks have gone by and the White House and the  Republican majority refuse to move forward on a bill, or even start  negotiations.   In fact, the majority leader has publicly stated that he and the  White House want to take ``a pause'' before considering any further  emergency legislation related to COVID-19. The White House alternates  between silence on the issue and sending contradictory messages of what  it thinks needs to be done. While we wait, cases continue to climb; the  death toll mounts; and people continue to struggle. You cannot tell the  people who have COVID to pause and it will go away.   You cannot tell the doctors and nurses who are working around-the- clock and to the point of exhaustion to just pause. That does not work.  The fact is, they are dealing with this every single day and night, 7  days a week. They would love to have a pause, but the reality is such  that they cannot.   To those who say it is premature to act on another bill--well, let's  look at what we already know. At the end of July, the Federal pandemic  unemployment compensation program that Congress included in the CARES  Act expires. That is next month. Next month starts tomorrow. This  program provides an additional $600 per week in unemployment benefits  to more than 28 million Americans. In many cases, the money is the  difference between paying the rent and getting evicted. The money keeps  the electricity on and food on the table. It feeds the children. At the  same time, many State-initiated eviction moratoriums expire next month,  which begins in just a few hours, as does the eviction moratorium for  people in federally assisted housing included in the CARES Act. It is a  one-two punch with the end of Federal benefits and the end of eviction  protections, which will potentially displace a record number of  Americans into homelessness. As eviction proceedings mount and  Americans find they have no way to pay for alternative housing, the  homeless shelters will almost certainly swell. But the shelters  themselves are already over capacity and ill-equipped to handle an  influx. We must act.   What about our struggling small businesses? The small businesses in  my State of Vermont are the backbone of our economy. What about them?  As of today, the Small Business Administration can no longer approve  loans for the popular Paycheck Protection Program.   Parents are worried about their children. They struggle to find safe  childcare. They wonder, Are schools going to open in the fall or not?  And when they open, many schools will be using some form of online  instruction. Over 16 million children in this country do not have  internet service at home, and 12 million children do not have a home  computer or laptop to use. This is the wealthiest nation in the world.  We need to close this gap by providing reliable internet and broadband  service to the millions of households in this country who do not have  it. All kids deserve a good education, not just those from families who  can afford it. Coming from a rural State, this is something I am  particularly concerned about. We can't wait until the fall to figure  this out; it will be too late.   I know that every Senator here has rural areas in his or her State,  and in a lot of those areas there is no internet service.   We also know we need to protect our elections. Due to the pandemic,  voters are using common sense, and they are choosing to vote by mail in  record numbers, something we have already done in Vermont, but many  States aren't prepared to meet this demand. They look at us. Every one  of us will say, yes, of course we want to protect voters; of course, we  want to protect voters; of course, every vote counts; of course, it is  the American way to vote; of course, we want people to vote. Ha, ha,  and ha. Congress has provided only a fraction of the funding needed by  States to prepare for the general election. Voters don't have to choose  between exercising their constitutional right of voting or getting very  ill.    Now, we know States cannot cover election costs on their own. They  are cash-strapped already from responding to the coronavirus pandemic.  The Wall Street Journal has estimated that State and local governments  have already furloughed or eliminated 1.5 million jobs since the  pandemic began. That might look like just a statistic to some, but  these are teachers; these are firefighters; and these are healthcare  workers. Congress, for the sake of this country, needs to enact another  tranche of funding for State and local governments. We have to help  them deal with lost revenue or our economy is not going to recover. It  will never recover.   As revenues fall and costs to address COVID increase, Native American  Tribes have also been forced to furlough workers, curtail healthcare  services, and in some cases close down clinics entirely.   There are numerous other examples of urgent needs, too many to list.  Due to declining revenues and incoming fees, the United States  Citizenship and Immigration Services--USCIS--may be forced to cut back  drastically on services and furlough at least 13,000 employees,  including up to 1,700 in Vermont, by August 2. That is 4 short weeks  from now. The notice to these employees went out this week, leaving  these dedicated employees and their families in limbo wondering if they  will have a job in August and wondering why Congress will not act to  prevent it.   COVID has caused a 3-month delay in field operations for the Census,  and the Department of Commerce needs additional money to ensure we get  an accurate count. Our federal prisons, a hotspot for COVID, have  already depleted the money we provided to them in CARES and need more  if they are to prevent further outbreaks. Even the Senate has depleted  the funding Congress provided in CARES to conduct deep cleaning of the  Capitol and Senate and House buildings and to provide important  personal protective equipment for Senators and staff.   It is also imperative for America to step up and address the pandemic  abroad. We are part of the world. The COVID-related needs around the  world are spiking. We cannot defeat the virus right here at home if we  do not act now to assist other countries in the global fight against  this pandemic as we have in the past. Senate Republicans and President  Trump must demonstrate leadership. You are not going to stop this  health crisis by tweets; you are going to stop it by real action.   Now, in a few short days, the Senate is going to recess for 2 weeks.  If we do nothing else before the Senate goes out of session, we should  do what all the experts agree is needed if we are going to defeat this  virus: Create a comprehensive testing and contact tracing  [[Page S3996]]  program and provide the resources needed to implement it for all 50 of  our States. This is how other countries have succeeded in flattening  the curve and containing the spread.   Yet, in a shocking abdication of leadership, the President has thrown  up his hands. He has walked away from this issue. He even said at a  recent campaign rally that we should be doing less testing, not more.  That is not leadership; that is politics. That is not keeping Americans  safe. I want all Americans to be safe. I do not care whether they are  Republicans, Democrats, or Independents. I want all Americans to be  safe.   His political Press Secretary tried to say he was kidding, but he  said he was not. The Federal Government recently announced it shut down  numerous federally funded testing sites across the country, including  seven in Texas where cases are rising. It is astonishing.   I have been in the Senate with Republican and Democratic Presidents  alike, from the time of President Ford. All of these Presidents, in  both parties, were willing to show leadership in serious matters, but  if this President cannot or will not show leadership, then the Congress  must step in and do it.   I will tell you what I learned when I came here. I never expected to  become the dean of the Senate, but I think about it often. I was told  by both Republican and Democratic leaders at that time that the Senate  can and should be the conscience of the Nation. I have seen Republicans  and Democrats come together and exercise that conscience at times when  we so need it. Where is that now? Nobody owns a seat in the U.S.  Senate, but we are given 6-year terms in which we should be able to  think of doing the right thing and not just worry about the next tweet  or the next newsbreak or what is said 5 minutes from now. We have 6- year terms so that we can sit back and do what is right. Let us be the  conscience of the Nation. I have always been proud of this body when I  have seen Republicans and Democrats come together and do that.   The Heroes Act passed 6 weeks ago in the House. It created the COVID- 19 National Testing and Contact Tracing Initiative. It requires the  Department of Health and Human Services, in coordination with State and  local governments, to develop a comprehensive testing, contact tracing,  surveillance, and monitoring system. It provides $75 billion to  implement it. If we want to save lives, if we want to reopen the  country, and if we want to get our economy going again, we ought to at  least pass this initiative. I want my family to be safe. I want my wife  and my children to be safe and their children and their spouses to be  safe. I want all Vermonters and everybody in all 50 of our States to be  safe, and we need testing.   I am soon going to ask unanimous consent on a particular item, and I  understand that Senator Alexander is going to come to the floor to  object, so I will withhold making that request.   There are only 100 of us. We represent over 320 million Americans,  across the political spectrum. They are all races and all economic  backgrounds. They are all ages. But they have 100 people who can speak  for them and speak for the conscience of this Nation   I am proud to be a U.S. Senator, but I am not proud when we don't  stand up and act as the conscience of the Nation. What is the use of  being one of the 100 people who represent this great country, who  represent and know and hold the history of this country, who have  helped shape the history of this country through treaties, through  constitutional amendments, and through debates on everything? What does  it do to be a Member of the 100 in this body if we cannot reflect the  conscience of the Nation?   Now, as Senator Alexander is not yet here, I am going to suggest the  absence of a quorum, but I want to ask unanimous consent that I be the  person next recognized to call off that quorum call.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as I noted before, I was withholding a  unanimous consent request until the very distinguished senior Senator  was here.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 140, H.R. 2740; that the Leahy substitute  amendment that would provide funding for COVID testing and tracing and  is at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended,  be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    I yield the floor.   