 Madam Speaker, I oppose this resolution that is designed  to embarrass our President in front of the world and, in reality, gives  comfort to Iran's leadership. It weakens America and emboldens our  enemies.   This resolution is not needed. The War Powers Act is still in effect,  and the President is not conducting combat operations against Iran. He  wants deescalation; he does not want war.   He is not doing what President Obama did in Libya. What the President  did was a onetime defensive operation, when he targeted General  Soleimani.   Let us be clear: Soleimani murdered 609 Americans in Iraq. His  proxies attacked our embassy, and the Quds Force he commanded shed  blood across the world. He even attempted terrorism right here in  Washington, D.C. He was the number one threat to Israel, and he was  anti-Semitism personified.   I knew who Soleimani was when I was in Iraq. We were targeted by  rockets every single day from Iranian proxies trained in, funded by,  and armed by Iran and sometimes led by Iranian commanders, and fellow  Americans died.   The targeting of Soleimani is justice for the 609 families who had a  son or daughter murdered by this guy and the thousands missing an arm  or a leg because of his savagery.   In bringing up this resolution, the Speaker said that our targeting  of Soleimani was disproportionate. It is disgusting. This guy killed  609 Americans in Iraq alone. He was the mastermind.   Does it take 100 more? 200 more? 300 more? It is vile.   Our strike was also defensive. General Milley said that he saw some  of the best intelligence he has ever seen and that it clearly showed  Soleimani was in Baghdad, planning an imminent attack on Americans. To  deny this is to call General Milley a liar.   This resolution weakens America and gives hope to the Ayatollah that  we don't have the resolve to stand up to these attacks. A house divided  will not stand. I pray wise leadership prevails and that we unify to  oppose Iranian terror that murdered hundreds of our fellow citizens.   