 Mr. President, as Black History Month comes to a close in  our land, I rise this afternoon to draw attention to the fact that the  first African-American U.S. Senator in our Republic's history was Hiram  Rhodes Revels of my State of Mississippi.   As a matter of fact, 150 years ago this week, history was made in  this very room when Hiram Rhodes Revels took the oath of office and  broke the color barrier in the U.S. Senate. There was celebration.  There was a congratulation on both sides of the aisle, but it was not  unanimous. As a matter of fact, eight Senators objected to the seating  of Hiram Revels as a U.S. Senator, simply because he was a Black man.  Thank goodness it was only eight and that position did not prevail, and  Hiram Revels entered the history books of the United States of America  as being our first African-American Senator.   In a moment, I will ask unanimous consent for the consideration of a  resolution commemorating this momentous occasion, some 150 years ago  this week. I will not read the entire resolution that I have, but I  point out that I  [[Page S1176]]  have a resolution cosponsored on a very bipartisan basis by 71 of my  fellow Senators.   Pointing out a few things about the history of this extraordinary  public servant, this giant of American history, Hiram Rhodes Revels was  born a free African American in 1827 in Fayetteville, Cumberland  County, NC. He was well-educated in a number of States, including North  Carolina, Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois. Then he entered the ministry,  where he served in Maryland and in Missouri and, eventually, of course,  coming to the State of Mississippi.   By 1868, the Reverend Hiram Rhodes Revels was also Alderman Hiram  Rhodes Revels in Natchez, MS, and he went on to a career of public  service. Then, the legislature, which made those decisions in that time  under our U.S. Constitution, chose Reverend Revels to come to  Washington, DC, and serve as a Senator.   He served capably. He was well received and well admired, and he  brought a degree of conciliation and togetherness to this Senate that  we had not had before. He only served a little over a year. He chose,  instead, to return to Mississippi to become a college president,  continue in education, and continue in the ministry in Mississippi,  having served as president of what is now Alcorn State University and  also having served in Holly Springs, MS, in what is now Rust College.  He was in the ministry in Aberdeen, MS, at the time of his death and is  buried in Holly Springs, MS.   I very much appreciate the help of Democrats and Republicans in  getting this resolution right. There have only been 10 African  Americans in the history of our Republic to serve in the U.S. Senate.  One of them--the first one--was Hiram Rhodes Revels. Three of them are  serving today in the U.S. Senate.   I will acknowledge the help that I received from a number of my  colleagues in adding information to this resolution to make it better  and fuller and more complete. I appreciate the bipartisan cosponsorship  of this but also the bipartisan suggestions that I received and  incorporated into the resolution to make it better.   I am honored to represent the same State that this pioneer  represented and began to represent some 150 years ago this week.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for the Senate to proceed to  the consideration of S. Res. 508, submitted earlier today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.   