 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, ``cancel culture''--we hear that in the  news a lot these days--the idea that we all need safe spaces from mean  words, trigger warnings on op-eds, or TV shows that might constitute a  microaggression.   This is the language of the campus social justice seminar, but  increasingly it is the language of our workplace and our culture.   We saw an instance of it just last week at the New York Times. I  published an op-ed there that said simply, while we respect peaceful  protesters, we can have zero tolerance for looting and rioting, and if  the police are overwhelmed or outnumbered, the National Guard and, if  necessary, Federal troops have to restore order.   It has gotten support from a large majority of Americans, if you  believe the polls. The New York Times published it. The editorial page  editor defended it publicly. The publisher defended the decision  publicly. But a woke-child mob at the New York Times rose up and  demanded heads on pikes. They demanded that the op-ed be taken down.  They demanded that the grownups--maybe I should say the supposed  grownups--who run the New York Times apologize, and that is exactly  what happened. In what could only be called a struggle session from the  Cultural Revolution, in the greatest traditions of Mao, the publisher  of the New York Times fired the editorial page editor, and he  reassigned the deputy editorial page editor. He apologized--prostrated  himself--in front of the woke-child mob, and he said: ``We will do much  better.''   The new editorial page editor has told everyone at the Times: If you  see anything that gives you the slightest pause, please contact me  immediately. If you have any trigger warnings, don't worry; I will find  a safe space for you.  [[Page S2910]]    The New York Times has made itself a laughing stock, but this is no  laughing matter because the cancel culture threatens the very  principles of free inquiry and open debate upon which our society is  based.   You see other manifestations of the cancel culture all across the  country today. In many cases, they have adopted the spirit of a Jacobin  mob in the French Revolution. In a reign of terror, they are trying to  completely erase our culture and our history. Unfortunately, many  Democrats are vying to be the Robespierre for this Jacobin mob.   Look at what is happening in Seattle. Revolutionaries, anarchists  have taken over city government buildings. They have taken over  neighborhoods. They have declared themselves an autonomous zone. They  put up a sign that says ``You are leaving the United States'' when you  enter this autonomous zone.   The Democratic Party today, I suppose, is still the party of  secession.   It is not just in Seattle. Look at what is happening to statues and  monuments all around our country. In several cities, statues of  Christopher Columbus have been pulled down, or they have been defaced  or destroyed--statues that in most cases were put up by Italian  American immigrants who were proud of their part in the great American  story. This was not done in accordance with law. It was not done after  thoughtful debate in city councils or State legislatures. It was done  by mobs. Just last week, the Lincoln Memorial--a temple to the great  emancipator--was defaced. The World War II Memorial--a memorial to  those who fought and liberated the world from fascism--was defaced.  Now, across the Atlantic, the ideological kin of this Jacobin mob  defaced statues of Churchill. Wait until they hear about what the other  guy did on the other side.   But, you know, history is not the long suit of these woke children.  They didn't take history classes, apparently, in high school and  college. They were too busy taking social justice seminars. You can see  that, too, in Philadelphia, where the statue of Matthias Baldwin was  defaced. Matthias Baldwin was a committed and devoted abolitionist who  funded education for freed African Americans. He gave them jobs, and  they defaced his statue.    Even more amazing, in Boston, the Shaw Memorial was defaced. The Shaw  Memorial honors the 54th Massachusetts Regiment--the first African- American regiment formed after the Emancipation Proclamation, whose  bravery and valor in battle on behalf of the Union cause was  memorialized in the movie ``Glory.'' Yet it was defaced by these mobs.   It is not just our history; it is pop culture and entertainment too.  You may have seen the news that ``Live P.D.'' and ``Cops'' television  shows were canceled. ``Paw Patrol'' was on the cutting board too. You  may know that Chase is the police cop in ``Paw Patrol.'' There are  calls to euthanize the police dog on social media. I wish I could say I  am joking, but I am not.   Legos has announced they are not going to advertise any of their  police Lego sets for the next year. They are not going to take them out  of distribution. They are not going to recall them from stores. No,  no--woke capitalism only goes so far. They are still capitalists. They  are just not going to advertise police sets anymore.   HBO announced they are not going to run ``Gone with the Wind''  anymore--``Gone With the Wind,'' for which African-American actress  Hattie McDaniel won the first Academy Award, the first Oscar ever given  to an African-American women. HBO says: ``No, we are going to cancel  it.''   If you think it is just limited to statues or TV shows or toys, you  would be wrong. This woke mob could very soon be coming for any one of  you.   At UCLA, a college professor has been suspended and is under police  investigation because he declined to postpone final exams so students  could apparently go out and participate in protests.   Another professor is being investigated for reading aloud from Martin  Luther King, Jr.'s letter from a Birmingham jail because it uses  offensive language--Martin Luther King, Jr.'s letter from a Birmingham  jail.   A professional soccer player, Alexander Katai, was fired for his  wife's tweet--not his own, his wife's tweet.   Multiple different business executives and editors at newspapers and  magazines have been fired.   If you think this is only for people who are not powerful and not  rich, you would be wrong. Ivanka Trump was scheduled to give a  commencement speech last weekend at a Wichita technical school. The  speech was canceled because she was being too controversial. It was a  speech about workforce training and women's opportunities in our  economy, and Ivanka Trump was canceled.   Where does this cancel culture take us? What is the logical  conclusion? What is the end of the cancel culture? I will tell you what  it is--it is right here in this city, Washington, the District of  Columbia. That is where it will end if we don't put an end to the  madness now. Just up the Mall is the Washington Monument. Are we going  to tear down the Washington Monument? Are we going to rename it the  ``Obelisk of Wokeness?''   Up the hill is the Washington National Cathedral, where so many times  we have gathered as a nation over the years to mourn our great leaders,  to pray for God's protection and deliverance in moments of national  strife and struggle. Are we going to rename the Washington National  Cathedral the ``Temple of Reason,'' as the Jacobins did to Notre Dame  during the French Revolution?   What are we going to call this city? We can't call it Washington. We  can't call it Columbia. We have to come up with new names all around  because--I will say this--the cancel culture, whether in its malice or  its Jacobin forms, ultimately is animated by a single ideal: that  America at its core is fundamentally irredeemable and wicked.   I reject that claim fully and wholeheartedly. America is a great and  noble nation. It is the noblest Nation in the history of mankind that  has struggled throughout our history, imperfectly but ceaselessly, to  live up to our founding creed that all men are created equal--the  single greatest defense against tyranny, against racism, against  oppression. That is the stake of this debate.   I yield the floor.   