 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want  to say to the chairman, I am just so delighted and thankful and  grateful for all of his work on behalf of this bill.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  35, the Emmett Till Antilynching Act.   Lynching, Madam Speaker, plain and simple, is an American evil. This  atrocity is comparable to the French use of the guillotine, the Roman  Empire's use of crucifixion, and the British use of drawing and  quartering as a tool of terrorism. And for too long, Madam Speaker,  Federal law against lynching has remained conspicuously silent.   In 1918, 102 years ago, a Congressman from Missouri, Leonidas C.  Dyer, introduced the first antilynching legislation to actually pass  the House, a bill that would subsequently die in the Senate.   Therefore, I am pleased that the language that we are voting on today  has already been approved by the Senate, and I am exceptionally hopeful  that it will face no further obstacles on its path to the President's  desk.   Madam Speaker, many may consider lynching to be a relic of the past,  but as we all know, unfortunately, recent  [[Page H1199]]  events have shown us that this is not the case. Instead, we have seen a  rise in race-based violence that has culminated in events like the  white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, or the racially  motivated mass shooting in El Paso, Texas.   That is why, Madam Speaker, it is so important that we stand united  today as a body and as a Congress to pass this bill. In passing this  bill today, we send a resoundingly strong message about what we are as  a Nation, our country's values and, more importantly, what we as  Americans stand for and what we will tolerate and what we will not  tolerate.   Today, Madam Speaker, we send a strong message that violence and  race-based violence, in particular, has no place in American society.  That is why I am so proud to have introduced this bill, and I am even  prouder that we are considering it on the floor today.   