 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Thornberry for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we are in a period of great power competition. These are  not just words; this is our new reality. We are seeing Russian,  Chinese, Iranian, and North Korean aggression on a global scale. This  is why I am confounded by some pundits who believe cutting defense  spending at a time of great power competition is in our best interest.  Anything less than our negotiated defense topline is capitulating our  global standing to an ever-expanding China and Russia hegemony.   Additionally, there are some who believe that we should not pass this  defense bill this Congress. I want to remind my friends that we are  already 68 days late in delivering this defense bill to our Nation.  Harmed by our delay is almost $8 billion in troop military  construction. Harmed by our inaction is the potential shuttering of our  Air Force's and Navy's premier training ranges at Nellis and Fallon.  And most importantly, harmed by our continuing neglect are the  countless servicemembers who rely on us for reasonable pay and benefits  to support our national security. We must do better.   As to my Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, our conference  is all about great power competition. We authorize an additional  Virginia class submarine and eight additional P-8 submarine hunting  aircraft to partially offset these great power advances. We pay down  future readiness with our continued support of the next-generation  bomber and Columbia-class ballistic missile submarine programs. And  finally, we procure the long-neglected logistics that are essential to  power projection. This is a strong mark to pay down our generation's  contribution to our Nation `s future.   While I want to acknowledge Chairmen Smith and Courtney's leadership  in their efforts as chairman of the full committee and chairman of the  Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, I want to particularly  thank Mac Thornberry for his 26 years of Congressional service. Mac,  thank you so much for your leadership, for your continued focus and  dedication to our Nation and to those brave men and women that serve  this Nation.   I also thank Congressman   Mike Rogers and congratulate him on his  new role as the future Republican leader of the House Armed Services  Committee. Mike, congratulations. We look forward to the continuation  of the legacy of leadership from Mac Thornberry to you.   We have all seen the great service and great stewardship provided by  both Chairman Thornberry and others, and,  [[Page H6925]]  my friends, at this moment this is our time. Anything less than action  on this bill now is turning our backs and ignores the servicemembers  and their families who continue to serve the Nation.   