 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding. I appreciate her previous remarks, but I still have concerns  about this bill because it is another so-called tough-on-crime bill  that fails to address the true causes of the opioid crisis and will  result in more incarceration of more drug users and street-level  sellers.   Furthermore, there is nothing in the bill that targets the  laboratories outside of the United States that are responsible for  flooding our communities with fentanyl and fentanyl analogues.   Mr. Speaker, since President Nixon declared a war on drugs nearly 50  years ago, laws that ignore evidence and research in favor of harsh  penalties and more mandatory minimums have succeeded in placing the  United States as number one in the world in incarceration.   Mass incarceration has gotten so bad that some studies have shown  that it actually adds to crime rather than reducing crime. For example,  too many children are being raised by parents in prison, and too many  people have felony records who can't find jobs because they are victims  of bills like this.   Mr. Speaker, I have three main concerns regarding this legislation.   First, the bill abandons evidence and expertise in exchange for  expediency. We have a process that works well for designating  controlled substances under the Controlled Substances Act. This bill  changes that process and allows DOJ to ignore the experts at the  Department of Health and Human Services and the Federal Drug  Administration.   Classwide scheduling would give the Drug Enforcement Administration  the ability to classify any new alternative chemical version of  fentanyl as a schedule I drug. That would encompass hundreds and  possibly thousands of chemical compounds.   This bill also stifles research that could produce some of the best  weapons against the opioid crisis. For example, lifesaving overdose  treatments like Narcan could not have been developed under classwide  scheduling because such scheduling creates enormous barriers for  chemists studying opioid addiction by actually limiting access to the  entire class of chemical compounds.   Second, the bill will add to mass incarceration. This bill will allow  prosecution of street-level criminals, like we had in the 1980s and  1990s. And the bill will trigger the same mandatory minimums that have  contributed to mass incarceration.   Possessing an analogue substance in a quantity equivalent to the  weight of one paperclip would be enough to trigger a mandatory minimum  of at least 5 years. A person does not even have to know the drug they  are selling on the street or sharing with a friend contains that  analogue substance. Classwide scheduling even allows prosecutors to  seek longer sentences without a mens rea requirement.   Third, this bill includes unnecessary legislation. The Department of  Justice already prosecutes cases involving drug analogues under  existing law.    Mr. Speaker, the Federal Analogue Act allows  prosecutors to prove that a substance is chemically similar to fentanyl  and has the same psychoactive effects. The Federal Analogue Act  protects due process rights and is an important check on  overcriminalization.   Let's not enact another law that sends more people to prison while  ignoring the root causes of the present crisis, which is substance  abuse and which should be dealt with as a public health problem.   That is the approach we should take, and we can take that approach by  rejecting this bill.   