 Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Davis for  yielding, and I thank Chairwoman Maloney for her leadership, her  partnership, her friendship, and passion that she has shown to get us  here today.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to proudly support the Smithsonian  Women's History Museum Act. I was proud to join the chairwoman in  introducing this legislation last year. I am even happier to be here  today to support it on the floor.   Madam Speaker, women's contributions to the development of our Nation  are immense, however, only 5 percent of the approximately 2,400  national monuments honor women, and as the first museum in the United  States dedicated to the full story of women's history, this museum will  tell the diverse story of the women who helped shape the United States  of America.    H.R. 1980 will finally establish a comprehensive women's history  museum in the Smithsonian Institution. The museum will honor and  document women's contributions to United States history and exhibit  diverse perspectives across our history. For too long the contributions  of women and the contributions that they have made to our  [[Page H1033]]  Nation have been overlooked and underappreciated. This is unacceptable.  Women have been making contributions to America since our founding, and  it is time that they get the recognition they deserve.   This bipartisan bill sends a message loud and clear that women  deserve an entire museum to show the important role that they have  played in building the greatest Nation on Earth. It is time for  Congress to authorize the creation of this national museum, and I am  proud to stand with Chairwoman Maloney and all my colleagues to support  this legislation.   Madam Speaker, as the saying goes, if you can see it, you can be it.  Let's show women across America, young and old, the contributions that  they and their predecessors have made to the United States of America  can be theirs as well.   Again, I thank Chairwoman Maloney so much for engaging our bipartisan  Problem Solvers Caucus to be very instrumental in getting us here  today.   