 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Before I start, I want to acknowledge the gentlewoman's leadership  position. I was sitting in my chair--I have been dealing with cyber  issues for a long time--and when I heard Mr. Joyce agree with the  gentlewoman, I almost fell out of my chair, but I didn't. I really  applaud both Members for working together.   Cyber issues are some of the most important national security issues  that our country faces, internationally and also within our country,  and coming together like this is how we get things done for our  constituents. I hope people on both sides of the aisle observe what  these Representatives are doing. That is the way we need to go.   First, as a former Baltimore County executive, I am well aware of the  problems that State and local governments face on a daily basis. They  are where  [[Page H5084]]  the rubber meets the road and the source of many of the critical  services our constituents rely on, which includes schools, law  enforcement, parks, fire, and libraries.   Yet, according to the National Association of State Chief Information  Officers, nearly half of all States do not have a dedicated  cybersecurity line item in their budget. In fact, most State  cybersecurity budgets are between 0 and 3 percent of their overall  information technology budget.   While some support from the Federal Government does exist already,  less than 4 percent of current Homeland Security Grant Program funding  has been allocated to cybersecurity needs at the State and local level.  As we have seen from recent cyberattacks on many American cities and  States, this is simply not enough.   Last year, there were at least 24 public-sector ransomware attacks,  including a ransomware attack in Baltimore, my hometown, that is  expected to cost more than $18 million in remediation. A separate  attack in 2018 temporarily disabled Baltimore's 911 dispatch system.   This is part of a growing nationwide trend. The COVID-19 pandemic has  only exacerbated the threat to local governments as hackers exploit  overwhelmed organizations that are increasingly dependent on digital  tools. We cannot simply stand by and watch this happen. We can and must  do more.    Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today establishes  a program making grants available to State, local, Tribal, and  territorial governments to address cybersecurity risks and threats to  their information systems.   This is not a silver bullet, but it allows us to leverage Federal  expertise in cyber, like that of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure  Security Agency, or CISA, to help State and local governments get their  information security programs off the ground.   This bill will further empower State and local governments around the  country to begin assuming the funding burden in their normal budget  cycles in the future by reducing the Federal share over time.   I thank Chairman Thompson, Chairman Richmond, and all those involved  for this bipartisan coalition.   