 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member Granger for  her terrific leadership on this bill and throughout this session.   This agreement is a big, important win for American workers,  healthcare providers, Main Street businesses, and families.   In this agreement, we have Republican tax relief for American  families. We permanently make it easier to deduct high medical costs  and lifetime learning costs. We extend for 5 years the tax credit for  paid family and medical leave, plus we take it one step further by  helping businesses pay off student loans for workers.   We have big wins for patients and families together. We end surprise  medical bills when you visit the ER or have scheduled medical  procedures. We require that patients be given a true and honest bill  ahead of a scheduled procedure, and we make it easier to find in- network doctors and providers.   In addition to helping patients, we also help our doctors. We  increase their pay and stop two-thirds of planned Medicare cuts for  certain providers. We also increase doctor pay by over $3 billion and  add 1,000 new graduate medical education slots to help train more  doctors.  [[Page H7309]]    We took needed action to improve healthcare in rural areas.   It also contains strong antifraud safeguards for unemployment.   We offer crucial tax help for millions of Americans and small  businesses with another round of stimulus checks, more funds and  flexibility for PPP loans.   We also include important technical corrections to the new U.S.- Mexico-Canada Agreement, which will help our economy rebuild from this  pandemic.   Maybe most importantly, we have big wins in this package to help us  defeat the virus once and for all with billions more in funding for  vaccines, testing, distribution, and more.   This bipartisan solution is so important to the American people. This  is a strong and needed package. Its benefits will be felt for years to  come.   I also want to finish by thanking our committee chairman, Richie  Neal, who worked so closely with me and all of our committee members on  these wins for the American people. It has been an honor to work with  him this Congress.   I am also very proud of the work and leadership that Republicans have  exemplified throughout this Congress, especially among the Ways and  Means Committee. I will gladly and strongly vote in support of this  bill, and I encourage all of my colleagues to do the same.   