 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Michigan  for outlining the stakes for the American people.   I will start tonight with the two principle reasons we gather tonight  on the Senate floor. We gather on this floor tonight to reflect upon  the life of Ruth Bader Ginsburg, to pay tribute to her life of public  service and to outline, as so many of our colleagues have outlined  tonight, what is at stake for American families in a debate about the  next Supreme Court Justice.   Let me start with the life of Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Nothing we could  say tonight would do justice to her story, but her story is an American  story. It is a story of hard work and struggle, a story of overcoming  discrimination--discrimination that I and so many others have never  faced. It is also a story of knocking down barriers for women, a story  of defending workers fiercely, a story of defending voting rights, and  so much more that we will talk about in the next number of days.   It is also a very human story, as much as it is an American story. It  is a human story about her heroic battles--plural--many battles with  cancer, at least two kinds of cancer, over the course of 20 years. This  struggle, this heroic struggle, this battle helped to transform Ruth  Bader Ginsburg--then Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg--into an American icon  and an inspiration to millions of Americans.   We mourn her passing, and we will, in the days ahead, continue to  laud her extraordinary accomplishments, her achievements as a lawyer  and a Federal appeals court judge and, of course, her 27 years as an  Associate Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.   At the same time as we pay tribute to her, we have, I believe, an  obligation to make it clear what is at stake, what is on the line for  tens of millions of Americans. I will focus on one subject area  tonight, healthcare. We know that after failing to repeal the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act numerous times--and ``numerous'' is  an understatement--after failing that many times, Senate Republicans,  along with the President, will try now to ram through a Supreme Court  nomination that could, and very likely will, be the deciding vote to  destroy the Affordable Care Act and all of its protections.   I will not dwell tonight on the blatant hypocrisy of this action. I  will talk mostly about healthcare. But the hypocrisy, I think, is well  known all these days, since Justice Ginsburg's passing, by so many  Republicans who said just 4 years ago that it was the wrong thing to  do, even within 10 months in a Presidential election year, to confirm a  new Justice. But here we are, and that same party, those same Senators,  on tape over and over saying that they would not do this, are here  trying to ram through another nomination.   By the way, when you consider the last number of months--the months  of May, June, July, and August--this body, the U.S. Senate, did little  else but nomination after nomination and a defense bill and little  else. There was no action, no substantial action on a COVID-19 relief  bill despite the challenges our Nation faces. I guess nominations is  all we are supposed to do in the Senate.   Here we go again on the most consequential nomination that a Senate  could consider. We know that the U.S. Supreme Court has a case before  it that will be argued in early November that could be the end of the  Affordable Care Act. In May, President Trump laid out in no uncertain  terms what he wants to do to this healthcare law: ``We want to  terminate healthcare under ObamaCare.'' Terminate healthcare is his  goal--in the middle of the worst public legal crisis in 100 years, a  worldwide pandemic that we are still suffering the effects of. We just  crossed the 200,000 death total just hours ago or a few days ago at the  most, 8,000 of those in Pennsylvania. At a time when so many families  have been devastated either by the virus and the suffering that comes  with contracting the virus or a death in the family--family members,  deaths of friends and people who folks have worked with--in the midst  of an economic crisis, a jobs crisis, in the midst of all that, we are  supposed to go along with a process to ram through a new Supreme Court  Justice and take no substantial action on a COVID relief bill.   So much is at stake in the Affordable Care Act. I will try to go  through a long list as fast as I can. We know that more than 20 million  could lose coverage who gained coverage as a result of that act. We  know that 135 million would lose their protections for a preexisting  condition. In Pennsylvania, those numbers translate into 1.1 and 5.5-- 1.1 million people gained coverage, although that number is down now  because of Republican efforts over the last couple of years here in  Washington. But 1.1 million gained coverage, and there are 5.5 million  in the State with a preexisting condition.   If you go down the list of counties, which I will not do all 67  tonight, but I just want to give you some sense of what it means by  county. In terms of Pennsylvanians who gained coverage, you would  expect that the big cities had a lot of coverage gains. That is true.  At last count, Philadelphia had 225,000 people who gained coverage. But  if you go from Philly to Fulton--Fulton County happens to be a small  county of 14,000 people on the Pennsylvania-Maryland border. They have  more than 1,000 people at last count, 1,028 people who got healthcare  through the Affordable Care Act. From Pike County to Greene County,  thousands of people gained healthcare. From Chester County to Crawford  County--Chester is in the southeast, and Crawford is way up in the  northwest, just south of Erie--29,000 people or almost 30,000 in  Chester and in Crawford County, more than 6,200. In my home county of  Lackawanna, almost 20,000 people got healthcare. In Luzerne County next  door, almost 30,000. Just in those two counties, almost 50,000 people  got healthcare. All of that is at risk in Pennsylvania and in countless  numbers of counties all across our country.   Medicaid expansion, which has enabled people to gain access to  treatment for an opioid addiction or other substance use disorder  issues, would be destroyed. Medicaid expansion would be gone. Medicaid  expansion also ensured women can receive a full year of postpartum care  and provided coverage for older Americans who are not yet eligible for  Medicare. Prescription drug costs would skyrocket for 12 million  seniors and people with disabilities. That is because the ACA closed  Medicaid's dreaded prescription drug donut hole. The ACA closed the  donut hole.   As I indicated earlier, for 135 million Americans with preexisting  conditions, their coverage is now in jeopardy if the Supreme Court  decision went the wrong way. Insurers would be able to drop them.  Insurers will be able to refuse to cover them or insurance companies  will be able to charge them more because of common diagnoses like  depression, anxiety, asthma, diabetes, sleep apnea, and the list goes  on from there--all the things the insurance companies were able to do  for at least a generation or more in the dark days before we had an  Affordable Care Act.   Insurers would also be able to charge you more because you are a  woman, allowed prior to the ACA, or they could charge you more because  of your age. That also will come back. Insurers will be able to  reinstate the annual lifetime caps on coverage that they provide. If  your healthcare is too expensive, the insurance companies could just  stop paying for it, even if you are a preemie, a tiny little baby in  the NICU, or an adult with a terminal diagnosis.   The essential health benefits would also go away. Insurers will be  able to carve out benefits you need, like maternity care or mental  healthcare. As a woman, you might not be able to find a plan to provide  care during your pregnancy, unless you have insurance through your  employer. For people with disabilities, the ACA is obviously essential.  [[Page S5766]]    A Court that would destroy the ACA would allow for discrimination  against the 61 million Americans with disabilities--let me say that  again--the 61 million Americans with disabilities that have preexisting  conditions. Prior to the ACA, it was routine that people with  disabilities could not get health insurance. Prior to the ACA, if you  had epilepsy, autism, or spina bifida, or any disability, you could be  denied coverage. You could be charged much higher costs. A Court that  strikes down the ACA will be a Court that directly attacks the  disability community. That is why so many members of that community  came to Washington in 2017 and fought valiantly to uphold the  Affordable Care Act. They knew that their life was on the line. It  wasn't just an issue for them. Their life was on the line.   Prior to the ACA, there are stories I heard from Pennsylvanians every  day--and I am sure so many other Senators did, as well--stories about  people who, in addition to living with disabilities or facing a serious  illness or other medical needs, were worried about paying their bills.   For so many families, this isn't an issue that we are going to be  debating in Washington--some far-off, abstract issue. This is real life  for people. Mothers and fathers will be worried that their children  will not have the coverage they need, that their family will not be  covered--worries that, if they have not been eliminated, have been  greatly mitigated by the coverage and the protections of the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act.   We have to ask ourselves a question as the Court considers this case  just a few days after election day. We have to ask ourselves a number  of questions, but certainly we should ask ourselves: Will the United  States of America turn the clock back on insurance, turn the clock back  on healthcare for so many millions of Americans? Will we allow the  Federal Government, either through the Congress, which so far we have  prevented, or through the Supreme Court or any Federal court--will we  allow a Federal Government entity to rob people of the protections that  they received through the Affordable Care Act, like protections for a  preexisting condition? Will we allow all of this in the middle of a  pandemic, the worst public health crisis in a century here in America  and around the world? Will we allow any agency or any official to turn  back the clock on healthcare in the middle of a jobs crisis? We have  had double-digit unemployment in Pennsylvania for months now. They are  the highest unemployment rates we have seen since 1983, and for a  period of time this summer, they had been the highest unemployment  rates we had seen in more than 50 years. We have a jobs crisis in the  middle of a pandemic, which has caused a lot of people to already lose  their healthcare.    That is not who we are if we say we are American. America at its best  is the country that is already trying to make progress, trying to  expand protections. We have done that for generations. We made an  advancement in 2010 when we passed the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Act. We cannot allow this institution--the institution  of Congress--or the Supreme Court to destroy that act and to undermine  that American progress.   I yield the floor.   