 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2163, the Commission on the  Social Status of Black Men and Boys Act.   I want to thank Senator Rubio for his leadership on this bill in the  Senate and Representative Wilson for her leadership in the House. I  want to say a special thanks to my friend, Congresswoman McBath, for  utilizing such a personal and tragic story toward a positive outcome.  It is great to be here with the gentlewoman this morning.   This bill establishes a commission within the U.S. Commission on  Civil Rights dedicated to studying conditions and disparities that both  Black men and boys face. The commission will study issues such as  arrest and incarceration rates, poverty, homicide, school performance,  disparate income levels, and health issues.   Congressional leadership, the President, and the executive agencies  will appoint at least 19 members to serve on this bipartisan  commission. Those members are charged with developing policy  recommendations, documenting trends, and issuing an annual report aimed  at reducing the adversity confronting Black men and boys across this  Nation. These reports and recommendations will assist Congress and the  rest of the Federal Government in creating policies to address these  issues. The bill mandates political parity among the members of the  commission in an effort to reduce the potential for political  partisanship and bias.   Our founding document, the Declaration of Independence, declares that  all men are created equal, and the eastern facade of the Supreme Court  pronounces equal justice under the law. However, we all know inequality  still exists. As a defense attorney, I saw how sentencing disparities  on drug crimes, minimum mandatory sentencing, school zone sentencing  enhancements, and pretrial release policies often had disparate racial  impacts.   By creating a bipartisan commission to study inequality in government  programs, we take the necessary steps to identify and address  disparities for Black American men and boys. This bill will help ensure  that we make meaningful progress in creating a more free and equal  country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   We also have the STATES Act, which enjoys a huge bipartisan  cosponsorship among members of the Judiciary Committee.   I think it is unfortunate that sometimes we choose partisanship and  gamesmanship over passing what I think is one of the most criminal  justice reform-minded and drug reform-minded Congresses that has ever  set foot in Washington, D.C., and there is a bill that actually would  have the potential to possibly become law.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I am not an  expert on all of these issues, but I do know quite a bit about criminal  justice. It is important to recognize that a lot of things we are  talking about in these bills are delivered at the local level, whether  it is criminal justice, whether it is education, whether it is any of  those types of things.   This isn't about percentages and data points. This is about  communities, and this is about people. But at no time in history have  we been better able to collect information in a more usable way. When I  served in the State senate in North Dakota, I was the chair of what we  call our Justice Reinvestment Committee. And what we found out very  shortly was that our data was all over the place. In order to make  smart, effectuating change and provide localities and States and  communities with the proper information so they can target where they  can really do the most good--oftentimes on strained budgets and just  different areas--it is important that studies like this come out  because there are things we can do in Congress.   To be quite frank, we are behind the game. Conservative and liberal  States all across the country have started on this, and they started  before us--States like North Dakota, States like Colorado, States like  Mississippi. It is our job to get in the game. It is our job to provide  them with the information we can. And, yes, we will make reforms here,  but we will also give them the tools and the data so they can really  take a deep dive into their own communities and figure out where they  can best serve their constituents and where they can start getting rid  of these institutional racial disparities that exist, whether it be in  the criminal justice system, whether it be in education, whether it be  in healthcare.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   