 Madam President, I rise today to highlight some meaningful  progress underway on the Nez Perce-Clearwater National Forests to  improve the health of these forests. These collaborative efforts are  showing progress, and they are an example of where we can go  nationally.   Collaboration brings results. I have been a longtime champion of  collaboration to address public lands management disputes, as  collaborative processes are good for the environment and good for  natural-resource based economies. Collaborative problem-solving is a  key way to ensure that all voices are heard and long-term solutions are  crafted.   Working together through collaboration does not require a sacrifice  of principles, but it does require earnest negotiations with respect  for ideas from all perspectives and a willingness to work to understand  each other's objectives. Inevitably, at several points along the  collaborative path, there are strong disagreements. However,  participants' refusal to quit is a key attribute of successful  collaborative efforts.   One of the greatest benefits of collaboration is that it enables the  achievement of solutions that are better than the status quo for all  stakeholders. Such solutions are better for the environment and the  economy. Through collaboration, participants can actually achieve their  objectives and in ways that benefit the entire community.   The work on the Nez Perce-Clearwater National Forests is a great  example of the benefits of collaborative efforts. The Clearwater Basin  Collaborative, or CBC, as we call it, which was officially launched 12  years ago, has had an important role in furthering discussions about  the management of the Nez Perce-Clearwater National Forests. Nez Perce  Tribal representatives, representatives of Federal and State agencies,  county commissioners, local communities, timber companies, conservation  groups, and other stakeholders make up the CBC's Working Group, which  accommodates a diverse array of viewpoints and objectives.   I met with members of the predecessor group, called the Konkolville  Collaborative, and welcomed the opportunity to be a part of the CBC's  official launch in 2008. I track the group's progress through  dedicating a member of my staff to being part of its discussions  focused on resolving longstanding concerns and achieving land  management decisions and fostering communication among different  interest groups. The remarkable landscape it works to enhance  encompasses forestlands providing habitat for treasured wildlife and  anadromous fish species; resources for local communities, including  timber, livestock grazing, and mining; and natural carbon sinks that  help our planet.   The Nez Perce-Clearwater National Forests span 4 million acres. Three  rivers flow through the forests, providing important water sources,  outstanding fishing, and other recreational opportunities. It is truly  a remarkable place, and the group's work is far from easy, as there is  a lot at stake.   The good news is that we are hearing reports of remarkable  achievements being made on the Forests. The Nez Perce-Clearwater  National Forests have received three significant recognitions this year  alone that highlight cooperative restoration work: a Regional  Forester's Award for fostering partnership and volunteerism; a Chief's  Award for delivering benefits to the public; and an Undersecretary's  Award for customer service for the forests' Historic Routes Project.   Through the Historic Routes Project, the Nez Perce-Clearwater  National Forests dedicated approximately $1 million of retained  receipts from stewardship contracts to improve water quality through  historically sensitive maintenance along three historic roadways: the  Lolo Motorway, the Elk City Wagon Road, and the Magruder Road, which  attract visitors from all over the country. Project leaders,  recognizing the importance of these routes to the local economy and  historical significance, have partnered with local groups and the  University of Idaho to include digital interpretation that is  accessible even in locations without internet service. The project has  also been supported through the Secure Rural Schools Resources Advisory  Committee to assist with the maintenance.   Stewardship contracts have also been used on the Nez Perce-Clearwater  National Forests to enable the Forest Service to accomplish vegetation  and watershed restoration. By leveraging this program with other  partnerships and funding sources, the forests are able to have a truly  integrated restoration program. Stewardship contracts have enabled  fuels and weed treatment, watershed protection and restoration, road  maintenance, and enhancements such as the removal of wire fencing to  help wildlife   A total of 536 miles of streams have been restored on the Nez Perce- Clearwater National Forests, resulting in the forests being ranked  fourth nationwide in miles of streams restored. The forests have a  strong partnership with the Nez Perce Tribe, which contributes greatly  to its watershed accomplishments. At the same time, priorities of much  needed restoration of landscapes, including water quality improvements,  are also providing a supply of raw materials to our local mills. In  fact, the forests are the fifth in the Nation in providing wood  products for purchase.   More work is underway to address significant challenges, but this is  the direction we need to continue to go in delivering long-term  results. I commend all those involved in this effort for their hard and  exemplary work improving our treasured landscapes.   Also, a Good Neighbor Authority program coordinated by the Nez Perce- Clearwater National Forests and the Idaho Department of Lands was  recognized with the 2017 Regional Forester Awards. Through the program,  forest management has supported fuels reduction and watershed  restoration. Further, the Nez Perce-Clearwater National Forests  recently signed a Good Neighbor Authority agreement with the Idaho  Department of Fish and Game. This will enable the forests and the Idaho  Department of Fish and Game to work more seamlessly as they collaborate  on projects to enhance wildlife habitat such as aspen restoration.   Statewide, the Idaho Department of Lands reports that the agency is  utilizing Good Neighbor Authority to partner with national forests in  Idaho to expedite projects focused on fuels reduction, forest health  improvements, and watershed health. According to an ILD summary from  January of this year, the program has enabled the treatment of 4,800  acres through 50  [[Page S7232]]  service contracts, at a total value of over $3 million to the private  sector, to treat weed infestation, reduce fuels, complete road repairs,  and support project planning and monitoring. Other collaborative  efforts have laid strong groundwork or follow in the footsteps of  collaborative work such as this.   In Idaho we have succeeded with public lands projects such as the  Owyhee Initiative and are at hard at work in others, such as the  Kootenai Valley Resource Initiative, the Payette Forest Coalition, the  Boise Forest Coalition, and others, including our Governor's Shared  Stewardship Task Force. I also look forward to the soon-to-be completed  recommendations of the Governor's Salmon Workgroup.   Federal policy must empower collaboration and forest health. As  Senators and shared stewards of these natural resources, we must  continuously work to ensure Federal statute and policy empower  collaborative efforts and forest health projects. In 2003, I was proud  to work with my congressional colleagues, including Senator Ron Wyden  of Oregon and many others, to enact the Healthy Forests Restoration  Act, or HFRA, to help provide the U.S. Forest Service with the tools  needed to do the necessary work on the ground to restore our forests  and help reduce the threat of a catastrophic wildfire to our  communities and ecosystems. The HFRA was designed to encourage fuel  reduction efforts, protect old-growth forests, enhance water quality,  promote community-based land management and public involvement in  forest management, and address insect and disease problems. The HFRA  has promoted stewardship contracting projects which incorporate public- private partnerships, emphasizing more localized forest management.   In the years since the enactment of the HFRA, Congress has enacted  additional legislation to advance forest health. For example, in the  2014 farm bill we included permanent authority for stewardship  contracting and the authorization of Good Neighbor Authority. Good  Neighbor Authority expanded the Federal Government's ability to partner  with State foresters on restoration projects, including bark beetle  treatments across State and Federal boundaries. Subsequently, the 2018  farm bill included an expansion of Good Neighbor Authority, credited  with increasing the pace and scale of forest restoration projects  across Idaho. The 2018 farm bill also, importantly, included a 10-year  reauthorization of the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration  Program, which has enabled the expansion of active collaborative land- use groups in Idaho. The program encourages large-scale--that is  50,000-plus acres--collaborative, science-based forest restoration  projects in a way that encourages environmental and economic  sustainability.   The U.S. Forest Service reported that in the first 10 years of the  program, the CFLRP opportunities brought together more than 420  organizations to engage in local collaboratives, and CFLRP projects  treated 3.8 million acres to reduce wildfire risk.   The CFLRP has supported collaborative work of the Clearwater Basin  Collaborative and the Nez Perce-Clearwater Forests to restore  conditions within the 1.4 million-acre Selway-Middle Fork ecosystem  through stream improvements, the replacement of culverts preventing  fish passage, road and trail maintenance, and the reduction of wildfire  fuel loads.   Also, the reauthorized Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration  Program has two newly approved projects in Idaho, with one in each  region. Region 1 encompasses the Panhandle National Forest, and in  Region 4, it encompasses the Payette and Boise National Forests.   We cannot let up in making progress on wildfires. The severely smoke- clogged skies this fire season made the impacts of the fires that have  decimated wildlands and communities for years nearly unescapable.   As we think about the lives and livelihoods lost to wildfires, we  must continue to work to enact bipartisan forest management reform to  build on the progress made in recent years to ensure Federal land  agencies have the tools they need to protect communities from deadly  wildfires by improving the health of our forests.   Bipartisan legislation pending in this Senate would increase the  active management of Federal forests, cut redtape, reduce frivolous  litigation, and advance fire risk reduction. Senators Steve Daines, of  Montana, and Dianne Feinstein, of California, worked across party lines  for months to negotiate the details of the bipartisan Emergency  Wildfire and Public Safety Act.   Enactment of sensible, bipartisan legislation such as this, which is  also cosponsored by myself and my fellow colleague from Idaho, Senator  Jim Risch, can better enable land managers to reduce wildfire risk and  respond effectively to an increasingly virulent wildfire reality. This  will build on the successful enactment of bipartisan legislation to  enable Federal agencies to respond to wildfires as they would to other  natural disasters and end the practice of fire borrowing.   Forests make up 39 percent of the land in my home State of Idaho.  They are key to air and water quality and sustain wildlife habitat and  recreational opportunities. They support communities through wood and  paper product jobs and recreation dollars. They are the backdrop and  the means for an unparalleled quality of life. Their vitality hinges on  their effective management.   I am encouraged by the achievements on the Nez Perce-Clearwater  National Forests, and I urge continued collaborative efforts to address  often contentious but necessary natural resource challenges and the  enactment of Federal law that bolsters these collaborative efforts for  the betterment of all our communities.   I yield the floor.   