 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member McCaul for yielding.   I oppose this resolution. The Speaker claims it is a necessary  response to President Trump's ``disproportionate'' attack on ``high- level Iranian military officials.'' Disproportionate?   Apparently, Democrats have forgotten who Qasem Soleimani was, one of  the worst perpetrators of terror in recent history. He led the  organization that founded Hezbollah, one of the most violent terrorist  groups opposing Israel. He directed his groups to kill over 600  American servicemembers in Iraq and wounded thousands more. He led a  brutal attack on peaceful protestors recently in Iran, killing over  1,000 Iranians.   A bully will not stand down unless he knows you are willing to stand  toe-to-toe with him, unless he knows there are consequences to his  actions. President Trump acted decisively in bringing down this brutal,  inhumane bully, this terrorist mastermind, to stop an imminent threat.  It was necessary to show Iran we will no longer tolerate their  aggression.   We should be united in our support for eliminating this threat and in  supporting the President's efforts to negotiate a new, more effective  Iran deal.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution so that all options  are on the table and so that we can negotiate from a position of  strength toward achieving a peaceful solution.    Mr. Speaker, if there was any doubt that last month's  impeachment vote was purely political, there shouldn't be now.   Throughout the partisan impeachment inquiry, we were told that it was  critical to move quickly because the threat of waiting was too great.  The Schiff report even said: ``We cannot wait.''   In the interest of speed, any hope of fairness was discarded. Rules  were broken. Democrats couldn't wait on a minority hearing, breaking  House rules  [[Page H143]]  that afforded us that right. Democrats couldn't wait on the courts to  obtain additional testimony. But Speaker Pelosi continues to hold the  articles from the Senate in an attempt to dictate the terms of the  trial to Leader McConnell.   The Constitution grants the Senate the sole power to try all  impeachments, not the Speaker.   Democrats voted to impeach the President for abuse of power and claim  he is a threat to the Constitution, but look at what you are doing. You  are trying to take the Senate's constitutional power for your own  political gain.   Follow the Constitution you spoke so much about. Transmit the  articles to the Senate so that they can undertake their constitutional  responsibility.   