 Mr. Speaker, today is a very swampy day, and I am not  talking about the weather. Today, Congress will pass a bill that is,  frankly, a demonstration of everything that is wrong with Washington.   The Great American Outdoors Act is a product of special interests,  written not by committees, but in back rooms, full of special interest  provisions, and now being forced through this Chamber without the  opportunity for us to amend it.   This is permanent legislation, yet we can't take an extra hour in the  House to consider amendments to make this legislation better? Why?  Because the special interests that have paid nearly $100 million in  lobbying can't be denied another day from their victory. Well, I guess  they got what they bought.   Are we not allowed to amend this bill because House leadership is  afraid to offend the Senate? We can decide that the Senate isn't  perfect, their product isn't wonderful, that the House can make  amendments to make it better.   Let's be clear. This bill is nearly nothing like the legislation  introduced by the supporters in the House.   The gentleman from South Carolina may think he has got a great win,  but the repeal of the 100th meridian provision, which is in this bill,  allows the U.S. Forest Service to steer millions of Federal spending  away from his State.   Like the Comptroller of the United States told us in December, left  to their own devices, the U.S. Forest Service will spend 80 percent of  their funding to the west of the meridian. And that was with  Congressional oversight. Once passed and set on autopilot, this program  will only get worse.   If your goal was to expand recreational opportunities to more  Americans, then you have failed miserably if you vote for this bill.   But that is not the only problem with this legislation. I proposed a  bipartisan amendment that would require the construction done under  this act to adhere to Buy American provisions.   It was endorsed by the United Steelworkers, the AFL-CIO, American  Iron and Steel Institute, and a broad coalition of trade associations  and unions. The underlying bill includes billions in new spending on  infrastructure. Those billions could be spent on products manufactured  by American workers.    Can Congress consider this today? No.   Why? Because the Speaker rejected the amendment, rejected American  workers, and rejected American manufacturing. At a time when America  needs jobs, a failure to include Buy American provisions in this bill  is a shame on this House.   I had amendments dealing with the infrastructure challenges facing  our Native American reservations, including funding for Indian  education and Indian health. In areas where COVID-19 was destructive,  they need funds desperately to get back into the 21st century from  their current dilapidated state.   Will Congress consider these amendments? No, because the special  interests behind this legislation don't want us to consider those needs  on the floor of the House.   Considering this legislation sets the Federal Government on a massive  land buying spree like never seen before, I prepared an amendment to  protect our counties by ensuring full payment in the Payments in Lieu  of Taxes program.   Do you remember that contract? Can we honor it? That won't even be  considered, as well as anything else.   This legislation isn't a victory for America; it is a loss. Good  process builds good policy builds good politics. It is a shame that we  didn't go there. I ask everybody to vote against this legislation.   