 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Johnson and I be able to complete our remarks prior to the cloture  vote.    Madam President, today I rise to speak in opposition to  the nomination of Paul Ray to be the next Administrator of the Office  of Information and Regulatory Affairs, more commonly known as OIRA.   Although not many people outside of Washington have heard of OIRA,  this office wields an important amount of influence over regulations  that impact families, businesses, and communities in countless ways.   If confirmed, Mr. Ray would be responsible for reviewing health,  labor, environmental, and many other protections, from safeguarding our  source of drinking water to ensuring the cars we drive are safe.   In Michigan, communities like Flint, Oscoda, and Parchment cannot  drink water from their own faucets without fear of ingesting toxic  chemicals like lead or PFAS.   When meeting with Mr. Ray, I stressed the need to prioritize  protections that provide safe and clean drinking water and preserve our  Great Lakes and other natural resources. I appreciate that Mr. Ray  listened to my concerns. He is clearly very smart and passionate about  administrative law and the rulemaking process. However, Mr. Ray is  relatively new to Federal service and has relied primarily on his  recent tenure at the agency to demonstrate his qualifications.   Given his prior role, the best way for us to understand what Mr. Ray  will do if confirmed is to take a closer look at what he has already  done. In order to thoroughly examine his qualifications, we asked Mr.  Ray to provide information about his tenure, which included reviews of  proposals that would weaken critical protections for workers, veterans,  children, disadvantaged communities, and the environment.   Unfortunately, the nominee and the agency's Office of General Counsel  have refused to meaningfully respond to committee members' request for  information or fully participate in the Senate's efforts to meet our  constitutional responsibilities. While Mr. Ray expressed a commitment  to transparency, his inability to ensure compliance with the  committee's requests--including for material that is routinely provided  to the public in response to the Freedom of Information Act--raises  serious doubts about whether he will cooperate with Congress if  confirmed.   Given the unprecedented actions taken by this administration to roll  back safeguards, it would be irresponsible to confirm Mr. Ray to OIRA  without an opportunity to thoroughly evaluate his record. I have sought  to carefully consider Mr. Ray's nomination, but due to this serious  lack of transparency, I cannot support his confirmation. For that  reason, I will be voting no, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   