 Madam President, it was fortuitous that I was here on the  floor when my friend from Illinois decided to talk about the liability  provisions of the bill we filed last week, the next installment in the  COVID-19 response. Let me just spend a couple of minutes talking about  the issues he raised.   My friend, our colleague from Illinois, is a very talented lawyer. He  has a lot of great experience in the courtroom. He understands how  courts work and how the litigation practice works.   I think at last count I saw that roughly 3,000 to 3,500 lawsuits had  been filed. I don't know what the exact number is, but it is pretty  irrelevant because there is ordinarily, under State tort laws--at least  in my State--a 2-year statute of limitations for a personal injury  lawsuit. So I guarantee you that the flood is coming. Having survived  one pandemic, the American economy is going to have to withstand a  second pandemic of opportunistic lawsuits.   I think it is going to be hard for people to prove where they  acquired the virus. Ordinarily, that would be an element of the  plaintiff's burden of proof, but we know that in jury trials, where  expert witnesses are hired, all they would need to say is that it is  more likely than not that they got it at this daycare center or this  nonprofit or in this hospital--enough to create a question for the  jury. Then it is really a  [[Page S4685]]  matter of whose expert witness you believe, and, of course, the chances  are that you will be found responsible based upon that contested  factual issue.   It is more likely, I believe, that these lawsuits will have very  little merit. The juries will be very skeptical of these lawsuits  because they understand that this pandemic came out of nowhere.  Actually, we know where it came from: China. But nobody was fully aware  of all of the circumstances under which we would need to respond.   We have had to adapt as time has gone on, and we have had different  advice from the CDC and the national experts. For example, I remember-- I went back and checked. The CDC didn't recommend that we wear masks  until roughly April. Before that, they were really considered  ineffective. So if somebody files a lawsuit saying, well, you should  have been wearing masks at your workplace, and because you didn't,  somebody got the virus, well, what is the timeframe in which that  guidance would apply? Would it be retroactive to January, when the  virus first broke out here in the United States, or would it be sort of  based on lessons learned down the road?   Here is the real problem: My friend from Illinois knows that lawsuits  are filed every day in America with no real expectation of ever trying  the case in front of a jury--or a judge, for that matter--because we  all know that the costs of defending those lawsuits can be enough in  and of themselves to deter people from reopening their business.   Frequently, what happens--there is a phenomenon known as nuance  settlements, where defendants calculate, how much is this going to cost  me to defend, and I will go ahead and pay that money now in order to  avoid the further vexation of a lawsuit. And that is the seed money  used to file the next lawsuit and the next lawsuit and the next  lawsuit. I think we can reasonably expect that there will be a lot of  class-action lawsuits.   The goal here is not to provide blanket immunity; the goal is to do  what we did after the Y2K phenomenon, when we questioned whether our  computers would actually register the change of the century rather than  go back to the earlier century and whether the disruption in financial  markets and the like would occur. This is roughly the same sort of  thing we did after 9/11, too, to provide some stability, some  certainty, to very chaotic and challenging times.   So we know that, in addition to the public health fight, we are  trying to reopen our economy safely. Mothers and fathers and teachers  and school officials are thinking about how can our children resume  their education, whether online or in person, but safety, obviously, is  the most important point.   The fact is, we had one of the best economies in my lifetime before  this virus hit in January, and now we are in a recession. The question  is, Are we going to recover, rebound from this now that we have learned  how to treat people with the COVID-19 virus better to save more lives,  to prevent them from going on ventilators and the like? And, as we are  in a race to come up with better treatments and, hopefully, a vaccine-- which will be the gold standard, I believe, in terms of our learning to  live with this virus--what is going to happen to the economy? What is  going to happen to the jobs that used to be there but which no longer  exist because of the recession we are in?   The threat of this second pandemic of litigation--opportunistic  litigation--will be a body blow to an economy that wants to reopen, to  people who want to go back to work safely, to children who want to go  back to school, to parents who want to have a daycare facility watch  their children in a safe environment while they go back to work.   One of the things we have talked about during all this is essential  workers. Well, I think all work is essential. It is important. It is  important to our personal well-being, it is important to our economy,  and it is important to the families who depend on the wage earner to  bring home a paycheck so that they can put food on the table and pay  the rent.   I believe that this second pandemic of COVID-19 litigation--as I  said, there is ordinarily a 2-year, I believe, statute of limitations-- could well keep our economy shut down, destroy small businesses that  have been holding on by a thread, and, frankly, punish people who had  no choice but to show up for work.   I mean, if you are a physician or a nurse, you didn't have any option  but to show up for work. You knew you had to do it in order to do your  job, in order to pursue your profession. Are we then going to subject  them to litigation risks because of their having to encounter something  totally new and unprecedented?   I think it would be a cruel joke for us to say: Yes, you are an  essential worker; yes, you have no choice but to show up; and, yes, you  have no choice but to be subjected to a lawsuit because somebody 2 or 3  years later wants to second-guess the decisions you made in the middle  of a pandemic. I just think it would be enormously unfair to those  essential workers who had no choice but to show up.   I want to say, in conclusion, I disagree with my colleague on one  other matter as well. I believe, by rewarding compliance with  government public health guidelines, providing a safe harbor for  negligence claims, it actually incentivizes people to follow those  guidelines. Isn't that what we want to do? Isn't that what we want our  schools, our daycare centers, our nonprofits, our retail businesses-- don't we want them to comply with those public health guidelines?   Well, this is one way to reward them and incentivize them to do  exactly that. I know we are still a long way away from a negotiated  resolution of the things that separate us here on this next COVID-19  bill, but I agree with the majority leader that this is an essential  ingredient in that next bill.   Prior to the arrival of COVID-19 in America, the Texas economy was  booming, along with the rest of America's economy. Businesses have  flocked to Texas, creating new jobs and attracting top talent from  around the country. People are literally voting with their feet and  coming to where they have an opportunity to work, provide for their  family, and pursue their dreams.   We began the year with a 3.5-percent unemployment rate in Texas--3.5  percent, just one-tenth of a percent above the historic low set last  summer. But as the pandemic began its deadly sweep across the country,  everything changed. Texas businesses, as were required, closed their  doors to stop the spread of the virus, and millions of workers were  suddenly without a paycheck.   We didn't know when our economy would begin to recover, when we would  reopen to a point where those who were laid off work could come back  safely. And we knew State unemployment benefits alone were not  sufficient to bridge the gap. That is why, when we passed the CARES Act  late in March, we didn't just enhance the unemployment benefits; we  actually sent a direct deposit to the bank account of all adults  earning less than $75,000 a year. We sent them $1,200 to tide them  over, to give them a lifeline, which I think was very, very important  because, even if you are out of work, you can't get unemployment  benefits instantaneously, and we know that a lot of the workforce  commissions like those we have in Texas that administer the  unemployment compensation program were overwhelmed with applications.  So it was important that we provide that direct relief and then the  enhanced unemployment benefit.   Well, in Texas, the average unemployment benefit is $246 a week. With  an additional $600 a week, which we added as part of the CARES Act,  that amount more than tripled. Since March, more than 3 million Texans  have filed for unemployment benefits, and recipients have taken  advantage of the bolstered benefits, which I supported.   This additional income, provided on a temporary basis, has helped  families cover their rent, their groceries, and other critical expenses  until they are able to return to work, and, for many workers, there is  still a great deal of uncertainty about when that might happen.   When the CARES Act passed in March, we were all hopeful that the  economic outlook at this point would be much brighter than it is today,  and that is why these benefits came with an expiration date of July 31,  last Friday. We had hoped that our economy  [[Page S4686]]  would be rebounding and we would be in better shape controlling and  defeating this virus and that more businesses would be able to reopen  their doors or create new jobs, which obviously has not happened as  quickly as we would have liked.    In Texas, our unemployment rate went from 3.5 percent to 13.5 percent  in April, a 10-point increase in unemployment. We have made progress  since then, thankfully, with it dropping now down to 8.6 percent--still  a historically high level of unemployment, but it is moving in the  right direction.   While this is encouraging, we still have a long way to go, and we  cannot allow those impacted to go another day without the income that  they need to support their families. As Republicans and Democrats  continue to work together toward an agreement on the next coronavirus  response package, these individuals are being sacrificed and hurt in  the interim.   Why did Democrats block our attempt to extend unemployment benefits  last week? Is it because they don't care about the people who are  hurting, who need those resources?   Our colleague from Arizona, Senator McSally, offered a bill last week  to extend these benefits for an additional week so that we could  continue negotiating, but the minority leader, the Democratic leader,  Senator Schumer, blocked it. He prevented us from passing the simple,  1-week extension to give us some time to complete our negotiations and  make sure that people who needed that money would not be hurt.   I am embarrassed that the Senate could not overcome this partisan  dysfunction in order to provide this extended benefit to people who  need it while we do our job here. There is no excuse for allowing this  provision to expire without even a temporary measure until a final  decision is reached.   Even though we are coming up on the traditional August recess, I  believe we need to stay here working until an agreement is reached to  provide these workers with the support they need. Of course, there is a  delicate balance between helping these workers and standing in the way  of an economic recovery.   Here is the twist: Over the last few months, I have been hearing from  a number of business owners in Texas who are struggling to rehire their  employees because--get this--they are actually making more from  unemployment than they made while working, and this is not just a one- off or an isolated issue.   According to the Texas Workforce Commission, with the $600 Federal  benefit on top of the State benefit, 80 percent of the recipients of  unemployment insurance were making more money on unemployment than they  were when previously employed--80 percent. I think that is a mistake.  Paying people more not to work than they would make taking available  work makes no sense whatsoever.   Now, obviously, if there is not a job for people to take, then they  should continue to get unemployment benefits, but if there is a job,  then I think the incentive should be to encourage them to safely return  to work, not to pay them more not to work.   The bill proposed by House Democrats would extend the $600 Federal  benefit through next January, providing even less of an incentive for  workers to safely reenter the workforce. This is just one of the  countless places where the Democrats' $3 trillion Heroes Act fails to  deliver the relief our country actually needs. This is $3 trillion on  top of the roughly $3 trillion that we have already spent.   Rather than helping Americans get back to work, the Heroes Act passed  by the House includes a long list of liberal priorities, things like  environmental justice grants--what in the heck does that have to do  with COVID-19?--soil health studies, and not one but two subsidies for  diversity and inclusion in the cannabis industry--hardly anything to do  with COVID-19.   What is more, our colleagues across the aisle who railed about tax  cuts for the rich, well, they want to allow millionaires and  billionaires in blue States to pay less in taxes. They want a tax cut  for the millionaires and billionaires in their States by eliminating  the cap on the deductibility of State and local taxes.   For too long, people in my State and other parts of the country have  had to subsidize the big-spending blue States by allowing them to  deduct all of their State and local taxes. That means you and I have to  pay to subsidize those high-tax jurisdictions like New York City, for  example.   Well, in addition, the Heroes Act deepens the hiring struggle  businesses are already facing, and it rapidly digs our Nation deeper  and deeper into debt. It is so unpopular, even among our Democratic  colleagues, that it barely managed to pass the House in May.   I want to credit the Senator from Wyoming, who is here in the  Chamber, who pointed out some of the quotes from the New York Times and  others at the time.   Here is what the New York Times said: ``Even though the bill was more  a messaging document than a viable piece of legislation, its fate was  in doubt in the final hours before its passage.''   National Public Radio, hardly a bastion of conservative news, said:  ``The more than 1,800-page bill marks a long wish list for Democrats.''   If this bill were to become law, Texans' tax dollars wouldn't be  supporting our response and recovery; they would be funding a range of  completely unrelated liberal pet projects.   Speaker Pelosi knew the Heroes Act didn't have a chance of passing in  the U.S. Senate. She never intended for that bill to pass in the  Senate. It was all about messaging and posturing and trying to manage  the radicals in the Democratic caucus in the House.   These unwanted, unaffordable, and, frankly, laughable proposals are  not the types of solutions America needs to recover from this crisis,  especially when it comes to rebuilding our economy.   In the next relief bill, Congress must include additional  unemployment benefits to help those who, through no fault of their own,  are out of work, but we can't defy common sense and continue paying  some people more to stay home than to return to work. Our long-term  economic recovery will depend on people safely returning to the  workforce, and Congress cannot stand in the way.   In addition to supporting workers until they are able to return to  work, we also need to ensure that they will have a job to go back to.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed for 5 more  minutes.    Madam President, I thank my colleague for his indulgence.   One of the things we need to do is make sure that the Paycheck  Protection Program is replenished as well. This is the most successful  part of our coronavirus response--more than $670 billion appropriated  to help small businesses maintain their payroll, to keep their  employees on the payroll.   More than 400,000 small businesses in Texas have received these  loans, bringing in over $41 billion to the Lone Star State. This money  has kept countless Texans on the payroll not only for today but into  the future. I hope we will continue the Paycheck Protection Program as  part of the next COVID-19 response.   There is another provision that we need to address, though, and that  has to do with the deductibility of the expenses of businesses that  have received Paycheck Protection Program loans and grants.  Unfortunately, while Congress made clear that we expected businesses  that received these loans and grants to have the benefit of the  ordinary business expenses, the Internal Revenue Service has said just  the opposite.   The Joint Tax Committee that scores bills--tax bills--has said that a  bill we have now introduced that would allow that deductibility to make  that very clear has a zero score because they understood that Congress  intended to allow those deductions in the first place.   We have two choices to help small businesses: We can write them  another check, or we can allow them to deduct their ordinary business  expenses. This would provide some more liquidity and provide additional  assistance and cost nothing in terms of the score on the bill. It has  bipartisan support that I believe merits our consideration.   In conclusion, we need to do everything we can to support the workers  and families struggling to make it through this economic downturn,  while simultaneously securing the foundation for a strong economic  recovery.  [[Page S4687]]  The stakes are high, and I believe the Senate must stay in session  until we are able to deliver the relief our country needs.   I yield the floor.   