 Mr. President, suicide is the second leading cause of  death for youth and for young adults aged 10 to 34. It is also the  second leading cause of death among college students. Thirty-nine  percent, in fact, of college students experience a significant mental  health issue, and 50 percent of mental health issues begin by age 14.  Seventy-five percent of them begin by age 24.   Senators Cornyn, Jones, Warren, Gillibrand, Rosen, and I have  introduced the Improving Mental Health Access for Students Act. There  is companion legislation in the House that is also bipartisan that has  51 cosponsors.   Our legislation is pretty simple. It would require colleges that  participate in Federal student aid programs to share contact  information for suicide prevention resources with their students, and  this is how it works:   If a university distributes student ID cards--most do; not all of  them do but most do--then the universities would be directed to include  the phone numbers for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, for the  Crisis Text Line, and for a campus mental health center or program on  the student ID card. If a university doesn't have a student ID card,  they don't have to publish a student ID card just for that purpose.  They can put the information on their websites.   The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is well known. It is a  national network of over, I think, 180 local crisis centers. Those  centers provide confidential emotional support to anybody in a suicidal  crisis or emotional distress. They offer 24/7 services, and those  services are free.   I would also point out that our legislation is also supported by the  American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, the National Alliance on  Mental Illness, the National Association of School Psychologists, and  14 other mental health-related organizations.   Our legislation, finally, would not take effect until 1 year. So I  don't want anyone to think that we are requiring our colleges to go out  and immediately publish new student IDs. As they publish new student  IDs when the current year runs out, we are just asking them to include  this information on those IDs.   Toward that end, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be  discharged from further consideration of our legislation, S. 1782, and  that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time.    Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   