 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Senators have been working very hard  to respond to the crisis that is facing our whole Nation. Each one of  our States is unique, but we also are here for all of America. All of  America is suffering.   I know my staff in Vermont, my staff down here, the appropriators,  and the Appropriations staff have been working every day and every  night till midnight or later. Nobody has had any time off. I am proud  to work with them, even though we have set up the capability to  telework, as I would hope all would do, so we can work remotely.   Earlier this week, we were faced with the prospect of a bill that was  very one-sided. Republicans and Democrats had not done what we do best,  sitting down and reaching a bipartisan agreement. We were given almost  a take-it-or-leave-it bill. I applaud Senator Schumer who said we  should come back together. Let's not pass a bill that leaves out so  much of America and so many of the people we represent. Let us come  together, Republicans and Democrats, and find a way.   Now, late last night--actually it was close to this morning-- agreement was reached, in principle, on such a bill. The appropriators  do only part of it, but Senator Shelby and I tried to work together to  have something the vast majority of the Appropriations Committee,  Republicans and Democrats, would agree on, and we did that, and that is  what we have before us.   Both parties have worked so hard to put together something we can all  agree on. We should be able to vote. I agree with the discussions that  Senator Schumer had this morning. We all know that none of us got every  single thing we want, just as I am sure my Republican friends did not  get every single thing they want. And is any bill perfect, especially  something of this unprecedented magnitude? Of course not. But we are at  a point where reality has to overcome rhetoric. We have to stand up and  be the conscience of the Nation, as we have been in the past and we can  be today. It is time for Senators to come together and vote. I know  that on our side, under the leadership of Senator Schumer and others,  we are ready to do that.    I am the dean of the Senate. I have been here the longest. I am not  going to get everything I want, neither is the Presiding Officer, and  neither is anyone here. But America will get a lot more than it has  now.   Let's do this for America. Vote on it. As Americans, we should say  that it is reality time, not rhetoric time. Reality trumps rhetoric any  day. Let's go ahead and vote.   I commend those Senators in the Republican Party and those Senators  in the Democratic Party who have worked so closely with each other. I  know we have in Appropriations. It is time to say: OK. Let's vote.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, America is at an inflection point. We are  facing a public health crisis unlike any we have seen in generations.  Governments at every level are racing to respond, react, and mitigate  the crisis.   Communities and counties are fearful their hospital systems will be  overrun, and needed supplies are unavailable. States are struggling to  support local and state-wide economies that are increasingly hit with  store closures and business suspensions. Unfortunately, the Federal  Government--starting with the President--has failed to offer clear  leadership to navigate this crisis.   But today marks a turning point, thanks to the leadership the Senate  will show by acting on this bipartisan emergency relief package--today,  without delay, and without hesitation.   The package before us includes three important pillars. First, it  directs economic assistance for businesses and workers. Second, it  provides emergency funding to support our over taxed medical system,  which is bracing for a surge in patients as the coronavirus continues  to spread. And finally, it provides critical oversight to ensure that  the funding Congress provides goes to the people who need it--not to  line the pockets of corporations and executives who continue to benefit  from the most generous tax cut in history.   We will provide a massive investment in the unemployment insurance  program, ensuring that unemployed workers can receive a maximum benefit  in this time of economic crisis. These reforms will also extend  unemployment insurance eligibility for an additional 13 weeks and will  allow part-time, self-employed, and gig economy workers--who are being  hit hard in this crisis--to access benefits. Importantly, for Americans  living paycheck to paycheck, this bill will deliver these benefits to  workers sooner. To help the small businesses struggling to keep their  doors open, to find a path to reopen on the other end of this pandemic,  this bill supports loan forgiveness to small businesses and some  nonprofits, and provides critical funding to support payments of  existing loans to small businesses through the Small Business  Administration.   The bill provides $340 billion in emergency appropriations to give  new resources to help strained State, local, and tribal governments as  they combat this pandemic. These resources support hospitals and health  care workers on the front lines of this public health crisis. They fund  the purchase of personal protective equipment and much needed medical  equipment. The bill supports our law enforcement and first responders;  funding for scientists researching treatments and vaccines; support for  small businesses; support for local schools and universities; and  funding for affordable housing and homelessness assistance programs.  The bill will provide immediate relief to farmers in Vermont and across  the country who continue to feed our communities during this emergency,  with an emphasis on those farmers serving our local food systems.  Importantly, the bill will not permit the transfer of emergency funding  to battle COVID-19 to the President's misguided projects including the  border wall.   On top of all this, the bill includes a $150 billion Coronavirus  Relief Fund that will provide State local, and Tribal government with  additional resources to address this pandemic, all with an important  small State minimum to help states like Vermont.   I think of our own Governor, Republican Governor, who has worked so  hard to help our State. This will give him some tools, as it will to  our Speaker of the House and our President pro tempore of our  legislature.   In Vermont, Governor Scott has made the difficult but prudent  decision to restrict statewide activities only to essential services,  we, too, are feeling the impact of the coronavirus. With over 120  confirmed cases, our small State is already reeling from the economic  effects. I am pleased that the Coronavirus Relief Fund will support  States and that it includes an important small State minimum that will  have significant impact in Vermont.   Through formula grant funding, States will benefit from this package.  In Vermont, that will mean $5.4 million through the CDC's Public Health  Emergency Preparedness program; $4.2 million for assistance through the  Community Development Block Grant program; nearly $20 million for  public transportation emergency relief; $4.3 million to provide child  care assistance to those on the frontline of the coronavirus response,  including health care workers and first responders; $4.6 million for  housing assistance grants; $9.6 million to support the State's  airports; $4 million in LIHEAP assistance; $5 million in Community  Services Block Grant funding; $2 million in Byrne-JAG assistance to law  enforcement; and $3 million in election security assistance grants.   Finally, this bill includes important oversight and accountability  measures that will require this administration to report publicly to  the American people. This is a taxpayer-funded relief bill. The  Executive Branch must be accountable to those taxpayers. Financial  relief to address the coronavirus pandemic should not be turned into a  slush fund for a president seeking reelection, with little  accountability to the people whose money he is spending.   I urge the Senate to pass this bill today, and I hope the House will  swiftly follow. This is an emergency relief bill. Congress will need to  take further action to provide needed stimulus to our State and local  economies, to support our schools, including institutions of higher  education, and to support displaced workers who are the fabric of our  national workforce.   But with this bill, we provide support to the victims of this  terrible virus: the healthcare providers and first responders on the  frontlines, the essential workers who are keeping our store shelves  stocked and the necessities available, and the families hit by the  fallout from this pandemic.   I have been fortunate. I have been married now for almost 58 years to  one of the best medical surgical nurses I have ever known. I hear her  tell it like what it is. Marcelle tells me what the doctors and nurses  face in a situation like this. I pray that neither you nor I, nor any  other Member of this body will have to face what they face on the  frontlines of a crisis like this one. We should go forward and pass  this bill and do that today.   We must all heed the call of the medical professionals and experts  calling for dramatic but essential action to stop the spread of this  virus. That requires leadership--from this Chamber and from the  President of the United States. The eyes of the Nation will watch how  we further manage this crisis. Now is not the time to waiver in our  resolve to do what is in the best interest of the citizens whose  interests we are sworn to protect.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   