 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the United States has more than 1,000  confirmed cases of COVID-19, the coronavirus. The actual number,  however, could be much higher. We don't truly know how many cases of  coronavirus there are in the United States because our testing regime  has been entirely inadequate.   The CDC took weeks to develop testing kits that worked properly, and  the Federal Government was far too slow in allowing hospitals, medical  labs, and public health clinics to conduct tests on their own. The New  York Times this morning has a story about how doctors and clinicians in  Washington State were forced to wait a period of weeks for samples of  the coronavirus and approval to test patients for the virus, even after  they had suspected cases. The virus was spreading in the United States  for weeks, without our knowledge, because we could not reliably test  for it.   Even now, the administration has been laggard about making sure that  testing kits are available to all who need them, and the United States  is trailing countries around the world in our testing capacity. We, who  were supposed to have the greatest public health system in the world,  are lagging behind many countries, and it is a matter of life and  death.   Last night, I spoke with the mayor of New Rochelle, NY, where  multiple infections have been confirmed and where residents are now  living under a 3-square-mile containment area. The mayor told me that  despite the best efforts of the State of New York--and they are doing a  good job--there are not enough coronavirus testing kits for the  community. I asked him what his major problem was. He said: Lack of  testing kits, lack of testing. I fear that what is happening in New  Rochelle will happen in cities and towns across the country. It is  virtually certain that a limited quarantine or containment area will be  imposed on other cities, like they were in New Rochelle, and we need to  make sure the mistakes that have plagued the whole testing regime is  not repeated when other cities have to be under some limited  quarantine. Those cities have to able to get the tests and resources  they need, and New Rochelle still isn't getting them because of the  Federal Government.   I honestly don't know why it has taken so long for the Trump  administration to get a handle on testing, which is the most powerful  tool in helping us respond to the spread of the virus. I honestly don't  know why, after this issue with testing has been glaring and very  public, the administration has still not announced anything resembling  a coherent plan to fix the problem.   This morning, I am demanding that the Trump administration do five  [[Page S1680]]  things to improve the Nation's ability to test for the coronavirus in  the United States:   One, expedite the approval of labs that are ready and willing to  provide testing. Every lab that is able to provide testing should be up  and running as soon as possible.   Two, provide daily updates on the volume of tests, both available and  expected, and set up a special office or bureau within HHS dedicated to  managing the acquisition and distribution tests. The conflicting  reports and lack of information have left States unable to plan.   Three, support the use of automated testing to increase the speed and  volume with which testing is conducted.   Four, ensure that patients who need tests face no out-of-pocket  costs. The coverage requirements for testing are currently a patchwork  of State executive orders and private company actions. We need Federal  leadership. Hundreds of millions of Americans do not know if they can  access affordable testing.   And, five, ensure that COVID-19, coronavirus, hotlines are fully  staffed and responsive to patients and providers who have questions and  concerns.   Our top priority at the moment is to confront the spread of this  disease head-on. The first is making sure communities across the  country have the testing capability and capacity that they need.   The public also needs clear guidance from the Federal Government  regarding how to best avoid contracting this virus. It has been  reported that Federal health officials recommended that older Americans  refrain from air travel for this reason, but the White House overruled  them. What exactly happened here? Were health officials overruled for  political reasons? What is the truth? And what is the recommendation of  our Federal health experts going forward, most importantly?   The coronavirus has also created turbulence in our economy and  disrupted daily life for many Americans. As I have said before, by far,  the best way to respond to any adverse effects on our economy is to  deal with the coronavirus itself. You treat the disease, not the  symptoms. But even as we focus primarily on combating the spread of  COVID-19, we should consider relief to American families and workers  who are impacted.   Later this morning, I will join Senators Murray, Brown, Durbin,  Wyden, Cardin, and others to announce a series of measures that Senate  Democrats believe we should take up to provide economic relief to  working Americans during the coronavirus outbreak.   I will have more details at that time, at 11:30. But for now, I want  to make one thing clear. When it comes to providing short-term economic  relief, our priority should be the American people, not corporations.   That means targeted measures that give working families the  flexibility and support they need during a medical emergency. That  means money goes directly to the people and workers affected and who  need help, not money tossed out of an airplane and hope that some lands  on the people who need the help.   It does not mean bailing out the oil and gas industry, as the press  reported was under consideration at the White House. It does not mean  deregulating the banking industry, as another report said was a part of  the discussion at the White House. It does not mean another corporate  tax cut.   In the face of test shortages, growing cases, and lack of medical  supplies, President Trump seems more interested in bailing out oil and  gas companies and other big interests than in helping the families  struggling to afford coronavirus treatment.   As the spread of coronavirus continues within our borders, Democrats  remain committed--absolutely committed--to finding ways we can protect  Americans most at risk by this disease. President Trump should work  with us in Congress to make sure we continue managing this pandemic in  a measured, responsible, and transparent manner.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   