 Mr. President, the coronavirus has challenged our  country--indeed, the entire planet--like few crises before, certainly  in my lifetime. I was part of the post World War II generation. No  doubt, world war presented the preeminent crisis within memory. It was,  I think, 1917 and 1918 when the Great Influenza hit the planet and tens  of millions of people died in that.   When this virus began spreading, it became clear it would place a  severe strain on our hospitals and healthcare providers. As businesses  closed their doors and employees lost their jobs, it was obvious it  would take a toll on the incredible economy we had in this country. It  is like it fell off a cliff.   The combination of new stresses brought on by this virus have led to  a range of lesser-known but no less severe consequences. Earlier this  week, I spoke about the impact the coronavirus is having on our  country's mental health. As our lives have been flipped upside down,  many Americans are facing financial struggles, isolation, and anxiety.   For those who have children at home, the challenges are compounded  even further. A recent poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation disclosed  that nearly half of Americans polled reported that the coronavirus was  having a negative impact on their mental health. That is up from one- third in March, and it is not surprising.   When we talk about the resources that we need to overcome this  crisis, the relationship between the coronavirus and America's mental  health cannot be ignored. Beyond the silent impact these stresses are  having on individuals, they can quickly lead to violence in  relationships. We have learned that, in a time of crisis, the frequency  and severity of domestic violence incidents are likely to increase.  [[Page S2307]]  Texas experienced the heartbreaking reality of that trend in post  Hurricane Harvey, and we are seeing it again now   Last month, I participated in a virtual roundtable with  representatives from the Texas Council on Family Violence, the Texas  Association Against Sexual Assault, and more than a dozen other  organizations across my State that support survivors of domestic  violence. We discussed these stresses and how they are impacting  victims and the barriers that are being created that make it harder for  these organizations and people of good will to provide support.   One of these representatives was the CEO of the Houston Area Women's  Center, Emily Whitehurst. Houston is the hardest hit area in our State,  with about 7,000 cases in Harris County alone. Emily said that, in the  early stages of the virus spreading, they weren't sure whether they  would see an increase in calls, given that stay-at-home orders meant  people would be isolated with their abusers, but they soon found out  the answer.   In early April, the Houston Area Women's Center saw a 40-percent  increase in the daily calls to their hotline. Compared to the same time  last year, there was nearly a 50-percent increase in requests for  shelter. Many of these organizations are already operating on a tight  budget and working to make sure every dollar goes as far as possible.   As the need goes up, the advocates and organizations who support  survivors are trying to do more and more with less and less. I was able  to discuss the provisions of the CARES Act that we passed on March 25,  I believe it was, and that was signed into law shortly thereafter with  the provisions we made to try to offer some assistance. For example, it  provided $45 million for programs funded by the Family Violence  Prevention and Services Act. These support a range of services, such as  emergency housing for domestic violence survivors and their children.  At a time when victims are isolated with their abuser and cut off from  support that they may otherwise have, these services are essential.   Our legislation also sent more funding to the National Domestic  Hotline, which is based in Austin, TX, so it can continue to provide  support and resources to victims as the need expands. As good as this  funding was, it was nothing but a start, and our efforts cannot end  there.   One of the big needs that I discussed on my virtual meeting with  various organizations was the need for flexibility for funding.  Organizations are required to match Federal funds they receive with  State or privately raised dollars, but during this time of increased  need, that administrative barrier turned into a major roadblock.   In order to provide immediate relief so these groups can continue  their lifesaving work, last month, Governor Greg Abbott, the Governor  of Texas, waived this match requirement. This gives organizations the  ability to use the funding that they have for other purposes to fulfill  their greatest needs.   Right now, one of the most urgent needs is access to safe housing. If  you think about it, if you are stuck in an apartment with somebody who  has abused you in the past, perhaps the danger is greater because there  is no money coming in the front door and maybe increased alcohol abuse.  It is easy to see how the biggest need would be a safe place to go.  Victims can't move on from their abusers without a safe alternative to  turn to, so it is important that we make access to shelters and housing  as easy as possible.   Even before the coronavirus outbreak, I introduced a bipartisan bill  called the HEALS Act to help improve victims' access to housing and the  services they need. It prioritizes funding for transitional housing and  increases the ability to stay in that housing for victims to get back  on their feet. It also directs the Department of Housing and Urban  Development to further plan on how best to support victims of domestic  violence.   As the Senate considers additional legislation in response to the  coronavirus, we cannot lose sight of these lesser-known consequences of  the pandemic. We need to continue to support and prioritize resources  for survivors, and one of the most critical ways we can do that is by  taking action on another piece of legislation called the Violence  Against Women Act.   For more than 25 years, VAWA, as it is known, has been at the  forefront of our ability to support victims of domestic violence and  sexual assault, and until recently, it remained high above the  political fray. The first three times the program came up for  reauthorization, there were certainly some disagreements. That is  normal, but we were able to finally pull together and reach a  compromise.   Unfortunately, that did not prove to be the case this time. When the  time came to once again reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act last  year, our friends across the aisle attempted to use this must-pass  piece of legislation to score some political points. Amid the  gamesmanship, VAWA expired.   As someone who has been long interested in victims' rights, I am an  ardent supporter of our efforts to reauthorize the Violence Against  Women Act, and I have constantly fought not only to continue but to  strengthen this program. That is why I am proud to have cosponsored the  reauthorization bill introduced by our friend and colleague, Senator  Ernst from Iowa, which would provide greater funding and stability for  this program at a time when both are desperately needed.   The Violence Against Women Act has guided our Nation's effort to  confront domestic violence and sexual assault for more than a quarter  of a century. The current crisis has highlighted the serious need for  additional support. I am proud of the fact that, despite some of the  normal dust-ups and squabbles and disagreements here, we have largely  been able to act as one with passing legislation unanimously here in  the Senate--the CARES Act--and to pass other legislation to provide aid  to small businesses by unanimous consent.   I would hope the spirit that moved us to act in unison before in  response to this coronavirus would cause us to do the same when it  comes to reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. There is a time  for politics. There is a time for policy debates and differences, but  when it comes to reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act, this is  not that time.   I can only hope that all of our colleagues will respond to the better  angels of our nature, particularly this time of crisis when there are  so many people in danger of domestic violence that we could pass the  Violence Against Women Act reauthorization as soon as possible. I think  there is more we can do and should be doing to support victims of  domestic violence. I know our colleagues across the aisle feel the same  way. This should be a nonpartisan endeavor.   In our efforts to strengthen our Nation's response to the coronavirus  and support those harmed in its wake, as we are doing that, we cannot  allow victims of domestic violence and sexual assault to be left  behind.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   