 Madam President, I want to report on an important  hearing the Senate HELP Committee just completed. Senator Murray and I  organized it. We heard from Francis Collins, the distinguished  scientist who is head of the National Institutes of Health, about his  new program, funded by Congress, to spend $1.5 billion, or $2.5 billion  if you include the money we gave to BARDA, to develop a new technology  that will produce tens of millions of rapid diagnostic tests for COVID- 19.   Mr. President, my opening statement at that hearing can be found  online at https://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=  SpeechesFloor  [[Page S2309]]  Statements&id=1AF0B54F-A9EC-4007-9146-E8D386531C4F.   I would like to refer to a speech made by the former majority leader  of the Senate, Bill Frist, in 2005, which reminds us that we have been  working on these programs for a long time and which can be found online  at https://asecondopinionpodcast.com/frist-predicts-global-pandemic/.  On April 13, ``The American Mind'' published Senator Frist's essay, ``A  Storm for Which We Were Unprepared,'' which can be found online at  https://americanmind.org/essays/a-storm-for-which-we-were-unprepared/.   Senator Frist's speech, which was made at a time when we were dealing  with 9/11 and before Ebola but SARS and other viruses, he predicted  exactly what is happening--we are going to have a virus this year, and  we will have another one, and then we will have another one.   Since that time, over the last 20 years, we have had three  Presidents--a Bush, an Obama, and a Trump--several Congresses who  passed seven big laws. We have created a stockpile, we have created an  Assistant Secretary for Preparedness, and we have spent the last 5  years with record investments in the National Institutes of Health.   We were in a situation where, on March 1, the New York Times reported  that ``most experts agree,'' the Times reported on its front page, that  the United States is better prepared than almost any country to deal  with this epidemic. Yet we were not as well prepared as we would like  to have been.   So we had a hearing today, one, to focus on this shark tank, as  Senator Blunt and I like to call it, where Dr. Collins is inviting the  best ideas from around the country for new technologies.   That is not to say we haven't been testing. The United States,  according to Johns Hopkins and President Trump, has tested 7 million  Americans--more than any country; more per capita, for example, than  South Korea, which we often admire for the way it has dealt with COVID- 19. So we are testing a lot of people.   But if we want to go back to work and we want to go back to school,  we are going to need to have quick, reliable tests for everybody in the  nursing home, everybody in the meatpacking plant, everybody maybe on  the college campus, everybody in a graded school. We are going to have  such widespread testing that people will be willing to come out of  their homes and go back to work. That is one reason we need the  testing.   The second reason we need the testing is because it helps contain the  disease. We know how to stop the spread of the disease. If every single  one of us just stayed in our room, it wouldn't spread. We have come  pretty close to doing that for the last 5 weeks and nearly destroyed  our economy in the process, but we had to do it.   The other way to do it is have enough tests to identify the people  who are sick. We don't know exactly how many that is. I would guess-- and I am no scientist, but just from the scientists I talk to, I am  guessing that in Tennessee it is 3, 5, 7 percent of us who might have  this virus, and maybe half of us or some of us have symptoms, and the  rest of us don't. But what we need to do is identify who those people  are and quarantine them for 2 weeks or help them in the hospital, and  then the rest of us can go back to school and back to work. We can't do  that without tens of millions of more tests, even though we are testing  more people than any other country in the world.   That is what we are talking about, and we are so fortunate to have  Dr. Francis Collins, who headed the Human Genome Project, to lead that  effort. He has been at the National Institutes of Health for 27 years.  He led it during President Obama's time and during President Trump's  time. He has invited the best ideas from around the country and gotten  more than 1,000 proposals. We call it a shark tank because there is a  reality television show where entrepreneurs fight to see who can win.  Well, all we need is one or two or three winners of the sharks swimming  around in this tank, and then BARDA--our other agency that is  involved--can go to work with manufacturers and begin to produce tens  of millions of these tests. How quickly? We don't know, and we  shouldn't predict things we don't know, but our goal is to produce  millions more tests by August, when 100,000 public schools want to open  and 5,000 colleges want to open, first, by accelerating all the known  technologies, and second, by finding some mighty white shark in this  shark tank that produces a new technology.   There is a lot of talk about antigen tests. There is one proposal  that would have you take just a simple nose swab--not the kind of thing  that goes all the way back into your throat but a simple nose swab,  maybe even saliva. You take a picture of it with your cell phone, and  if it is positive, it tells you and it sends that to your doctor. It is  that simple. It is as simple as a pregnancy test. That would be a  screening test, and you might need to take a second test to confirm it  because some of these screening tests aren't 100 percent.   We had a very good hearing. We heard from Dr. Collins. We have  exactly the right person. We have good cooperation with BARDA, the  agency that has done so much good work, and I am looking forward to the  results.   I would say to my colleagues, we have another hearing scheduled. We  are doing our job of oversight. On next Tuesday, Senator Murray and I  have scheduled a hearing on safely back to school and back to work.  That will feature Dr. Fauci, who has become something of a television  personality over the last 3 or 4 weeks, but he has appeared before our  committee many times; Dr. Redfield, who is head of the Centers for  Disease Control; Dr. Hahn, who is head of the Food and Drug  Administration, which has to approve the safety and effectiveness of  all these ideas; and Admiral Giroir, who is coordinating testing.   Dr. Collins also said that we are making great strides in treatments  and in vaccines. Congress has appropriated $3 trillion--I see my friend  from Oklahoma here, so I will come to a conclusion so he can have his  time--Congress has appropriated $3 trillion, but the most important  money we have appropriated goes for tests, treatments, and vaccines.   Dr. Collins is leading the accelerated effort with nearly 1,000  proposals now that were set up in record time--sort of a mini-Manhattan  Project--to take the brainpower of this country and see if we can find  a new way to create these rapid tests and then work with BARDA and  manufacturers to produce tens of millions of them so we can go back to  school in August and millions more so that we can get ready for the flu  season.   There are also promising treatments, medicines that will be ready by  the summertime. As Senator Kennedy from Louisiana observed in one of  our meetings, what bothers most people about this disease is that they  might die from it. There is no medicine to treat it. Well, now there is  one approved by the FDA, and there should be more by the summer.   Finally, the administration has set as a very aggressive goal the  only thing that will really put us back to anything approaching normal,  which is a vaccine. Their goal is that we would produce 100 million  doses by September and 300 million by the end of the year, which is  much more rapid than we have ever done before. I have no idea whether  it is possible, but I like the idea of the goal.   So the shark tank for the tests, the acceleration of treatments for  the summer, the warp speed vaccination--all in a country that has  everybody working hard on the problem. Yes, there was a bump in the CDC  tests to start with, but today we have tested 7 million people--more  than any other country. And I think it is important for the American  people to know that on tests, treatments, and vaccines, we are all  working as hard as we can.   I yield the floor.   