 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member  Graves for yielding and for leading the charge on this committee and  the fight against this partisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, it is a shame that we stand before you today debating a  partisan surface transportation bill which includes $1 trillion worth  of airdropped provisions, many of which do not even fall under the  jurisdiction of our Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.   In years past, surface reauthorization has been a very bipartisan  affair. This is because we knew then, as we know now, that a partisan  bill will lead to failure. Over the past year, in every conversation I  have had with transportation stakeholders, the resounding message was:  Please, pass a long-term bill and avoid an extension.   Unfortunately, the process that has played out ever since the  Democrats introduced their surface transportation bill has pointed to  only one conclusion: We are being set up for an extension.   This is unacceptable, as an extension doesn't provide the clarity and  certainty a long-term reauthorization provides to our States and to our  local communities.   Mr. Speaker, today, you are going to hear from Democrats that they  couldn't negotiate with us because our party wouldn't engage on climate  issues. Let's be clear: This isn't a case of Republicans rejecting  outreach from Democrats. I have had conversations with the chairman  months ago, expressing my willingness to work on every issue. So  instead of saying that Republicans wouldn't engage on climate issues,  let's get it straight, as it was Democrats who wouldn't engage with  Republicans.   Now, I know, just like every other bill that comes through this  House, obviously, a partisan reauthorization bill clearly is President  Trump's fault. President Trump wanted to do infrastructure. Well, now  is our chance. Instead of actually following the partisan processes  that the majority criticizes that the White House does, they implement  their own partisan process. And when you talk about climate, the United  States of America is the only country that has actually reached our  emission standards in the Paris climate accord.   We are doing our job as America, but let's stop sacrificing our roads  and our crumbling bridges to the Green New Deal activists who don't  want to talk about what America has done successfully to attack climate  change already. Let's stop with the climate change issue, where $2 of  every $5 of this bill goes to Green New Deal priorities. Let's start  talking about roads and bridges, how to solidify our highway trust  fund, how to make sure that we have a long-term approach to a stable  and less-volatile highway trust fund.   If we are going to have another infrastructure week, unfortunately,  this infrastructure week is going to turn out just like the ones  before: It is going to be a failure. Because of this partisan bill, we  are going to come up to the September 30 deadline for this current  bill. Instead of moving forward in a bipartisan way, this  infrastructure week is going to turn out like the rest of them.   Let's go back to the drawing board. Let's negotiate a bipartisan  bill. It is the only chance we have to avoid costly extensions.   