 Mr. Speaker, my amendment will direct $4,000,000 within  the International Border and Water Commission to clarify the  responsibility for the maintenance of the International Outfall  Interceptor (IOI). This is in addition to, and separate from, the  funding that currently exists for the long overdue repairs to the IOI.   The International Outfall Interceptor is the infrastructure that  transports wastewater from Sonora, Mexico and Arizona to the Nogales  International Wastewater Treatment Plant.   The IOI pipeline covers approximately 8.5 miles. Under a 1944 water  utilization treaty, Mexico can treat water in the United States. The  International Border and Water Commission is tasked with managing  international infrastructure negotiations and operates the Nogales  International Sanitation Project.   On average, 92 percent of the water treated daily at the Nogales  International Wastewater Treatment Plant is from Mexico and 8 percent  from the surrounding community.   Unfortunately, due to damage and aging infrastructure, the  International Outfall Interceptor needs costly and urgent repairs.  Wastewater constantly emerges from the IOI and pollutes surrounding  rivers and streams. Rains carry the polluted stormwater into Nogales,  Arizona and exposes downstream populations to extraordinary public  health risk.   In 2017, I called on the Governor of Arizona to commence the Disaster  Declaration process for the State of Arizona to secure immediate  federal assistance to remedy and prevent raw sewage exposure to Arizona  residents.  [[Page H3817]]    Every year during the monsoon season the health of residents along  the Arizona southern border are put at risk, due to this ongoing issue.  While Arizona residents are very familiar with this issue, other  communities along the United States-Mexico border experience similar  health risks due to similar issues.   The IBWC has finalized engineering plans and already identified an  existing $34.2 million to begin the urgent repairs to the IOI. My  amendment further directs $4,000,000 within the International Border  and Water Commission to clarify the responsibility to sustain the  maintenance and operation of the International Outfall Interceptor  (IOI).   This has been an ongoing international issue that impacts the safety  and well-being of communities across Southern Arizona. In the past,  Senators and Member of Congress on both sides of the aisle of the  Arizona delegation have collaborated to remedy the situation. I would  like to thank Senator McSally for championing this issue in the Senate.   I would like to thank the Chairwoman and the committee for their work  on this bill. I appreciate the opportunity to speak on this amendment,  and I would urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. We must  finally find a solution to protect the health of residents along the  United States-Mexico border.   