 Madam President, some of you at home may be old enough to  remember a distinct circular scar on your upper arm. You may remember a  parent or grandparent who had one. That mark was probably one of the  world's greatest public health successes--the eradication of the deadly  smallpox virus. That so many alive today no longer remember the death  and misery caused by this disease is a testament to global efforts in a  cooperative manner.   The smallpox virus likely originated more than 3,000 years ago and  was one of the most devastating diseases ever in the history of  humanity. It was barely visible under the most powerful microscope and  was known for fiery bumps covering the face and body, profuse internal  bleeding, black vomit, and pieces of destroyed skin that would shed off  one's body.   Smallpox is estimated to have killed up to 300 million people in the  20th century--300 million--and around 500 million in the last hundred  years of its existence.   In 1967, the World Health Organization launched a historic, intense  effort to eradicate smallpox. The global eradication effort initially  used a strategy of mass vaccination to achieve 80 percent vaccine  coverage in each country and, thereafter, used contact tracing-- familiar with the word?--to reduce and rein in additional outbreaks.   Ultimately, the global eradication of smallpox was certified and  endorsed in 1980, making it one of the most successful collaborative  public health initiatives in the history of the world. In fact, this  month marks the 40th anniversary of the World Health Organization's  historic achievement: the end of smallpox.   Similar global efforts have been taken to deal with diseases such as  polio and Ebola. So imagine my concern and that of the rest of the  world that, amid the devastating global coronavirus pandemic, the  United States decided just recently to sit out a conference to  collaborate and raise funds to research, manufacture, and distribute a  possible coronavirus treatment and vaccine.   Just as with the smallpox effort, such a global collaborative  approach makes sense, being both morally and strategically the thing to  do to save lives around the world. You see, joining forces with other  countries would help speed up the development and eventual distribution  of a coronavirus vaccine that we all desperately seek. It would save  lives in America, but it would also save lives around the world.   No one knows--no one knows--where the vaccine will eventually be  perfected or produced, so we should be on this. The United States  should be at the table. We should be part of the collective global  effort to find this vaccine.   Clearly, other world leaders get it. They understand the obvious  imperative of raising $8 billion to be spent over the next 2 years.  Eight billion dollars is a massive sum of money until you place it up  against the price we are currently paying for this virus.   Our allies in the European Union and Norway came to this table that  the United States vacated, or refused to attend, and each pledged $1  billion toward this $8 billion goal.   Who was absent from this critical effort to save lives around the  world, including lives in the United States? Sadly, it was the United  States itself. We were not part of this virtual global conference. You  see, again, another short-sighted and critically missed opportunity to  address the coronavirus, a question about what this administration was  thinking. Why were we missing in action when all of these countries  came together?   I don't know where this vaccine will be found. It will be a great  source of pride if it is in the United States. I have the greatest  confidence in the men and women who are researchers and the businesses  prepared to produce and develop it. I have the greatest confidence in  them. But what if the very safest vaccine, the most effective vaccine,  the one that is proven to be the best comes instead from England or  Germany? Does that mean we will not use it because it is not the  American vaccine? We know better than that. We want the safest, most  effective vaccine, wherever it may come from, to be available to the  world and, certainly, to the United States of America.   Supporters in Congress said little or nothing when it came to the  decision to vacate and to not be present at this international  conference. The President has blamed others for problems that we face  today, but it was his decision not to participate in this global  conference on the vaccine. It could have devastating consequences.   So what does it mean for America? Well, we continue to have some of  the world's best researchers: experts at the National Institutes of  Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and many  universities and private researchers that work across the country and  around the world. Many NIH-funded researchers have spent years studying  coronaviruses. Their knowledge could help to pave the way for future  breakthroughs.   I applaud them, and I have to tell you, for the last 4 or 5 years  there has been a quartet of Senators of both political parties who have  given dramatic investments to the National Institutes of Health for  additional research. We have been led by Roy Blunt, the Republican  chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee, as well as Lamar Alexander,  the Republican chair of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  Committee. Patty Murray has always been at the forefront of this  effort, and I have done my best to back them up every way possible.   We have had a 30-percent or more increase over the last 4 years in  research at the NIH, so I believe in the NIH, and I have made it a  major part of the job that I have undertaken here in the U.S. Senate  with my bipartisan colleagues.   Clinical trials, we know, are underway at NIH for vaccines. I want to  commend that agency; Dr. Fauci, a friend of more than 20 years; and Dr.  Collins, the same, for their tireless, unwavering, and inspired effort.  But it is plausible, as I mentioned earlier, that the best vaccine  candidate may turn up in some other country, not in the United States;  that it will be some overseas company that decides to initiate and lead  the production of the vaccine.    In a rush to research and validate a vaccine, ramp up production, and  address global allocation and supply needs that would ensure  affordability and access worldwide, where will the United States stand:  in the fray, in the battle, or on the sidelines?   Last week we decided to stay on the sidelines and not to work with  global partners to find this vaccine. When the United States pursues a  go-it-alone approach while the rest of the world is working together,  where does that leave us? That is why last week Senators Schumer,  Murray, Leahy, Menendez, Murphy, Duckworth, and nearly three dozen  others joined me in introducing a straightforward resolution that calls  on the United States to join these global efforts.   I am grateful to organizations like PATH, Shot@Life, Better World  Campaign, and the UN Association of the United States for their support  of this resolution as well. Quite simply, we should be part of these  efforts to not only offer American expertise but to share in lifesaving  benefits.   We used to have a profound, well documented, proud bipartisan history  of such effort. For example, I was pleased to rally around President  Bush's call to stem the scourge of AIDS around the world through the  historic PEPFAR Program. Many of my Republican colleagues in the Senate  supported these efforts.   Now we face this coronavirus outbreak. I was equally proud of  President  [[Page S2486]]  Obama's efforts to set up infectious disease prevention systems and his  leadership on the Ebola crisis.   I have been told that one of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle is going to object to enacting this resolution this morning. I  wanted to read the resolution clause that this colleague will be  objecting to. I want those who are following this debate to ask whether  they find this objectionable.   Here is what it says: ``. . . calls on the United States Government  to boost funding for and strengthen collaboration with key multilateral  institutions at the forefront of responding to COVID-19, such as the  Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations; Gavi, The Vaccine  Alliance; and the Solidarity Trial.''   This is not a radical or partisan suggestion. We did our best to make  it nonpartisan because it should be. Does anyone in this country care  if the researcher who finds that vaccine is a Republican or a Democrat?  I certainly don't. We shouldn't care, either, whether it is found in  the United States or another country. I would be so proud if it is  found here, but if there is a safe and effective vaccine found in  another country, we certainly want to participate in its discovery, its  production, and its distribution. To stay on the sidelines at that  point in history would be disastrous.   Last Friday I was driving from Chicago to Springfield. It is about a  3-hour and 15-minute ride. I had plenty of time in that rental car to  listen to a lot of radio, but it was interrupted--interrupted by the  President who, in a press conference, made it clear to us that he was  going to address the need for this global vaccine, as he said, at warp  speed.   I have disagreed with this President on a lot of things, but I sure  don't disagree with that statement. The sooner we can find it, the  better, and I want the United States to use all of its resources to  make it happen.   The President was asked in a press conference afterward what that  meant in terms of sharing this vaccine with the world, and he said,  ``We'll do it.'' It was a simple statement. There was no reservation.  He made a pledge right then and there that, if we discover this  vaccine, it will be shared with the world. Thank you, Mr. President.  That was the right thing to say, at the right moment, as the whole  world was watching to see the United States' leadership.   What I am calling on in this resolution is simply that we use our  expertise and an investment--and we make investments every day in  global efforts--that we use this for a collaborative effort, a global  effort, to find this vaccine. As I have said from the beginning, it  will be a great source of pride if it is found here, but if it isn't,  if there is a safer or effective vaccine that is available and it is  discovered in another country, what difference does it make, if it  saves lives in America and around the world.   Let's be part of this effort. Let's set our pride aside and, instead,  talk about the impact it would have on the people today who are in  fear, suffering and, sadly, dying as a result of this global virus.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent, as in legislative session,  that the Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged from further  consideration of S. Res. 579 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the  preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Reserving the right to object.    First, let me say to my friend and colleague from Idaho,  thank you. The tone of your remarks are positive, constructive,  bipartisan. That is exactly what the American people are looking for,  at least in Illinois, and I will bet you in Idaho as well.   This national emergency, this public health crisis, should bring out  the best in us and not the most political side of our nature. Thank you  because I think your remarks were offered in that respect.   We have been here now 3 weeks. This is the third week since returning  from a break where most of us were at home. I think this is the longest  period of debate on the coronavirus we have witnessed on the floor of  the Senate in 3 weeks.   I thought this 3-week period would be all about COVID-19, all about  the vaccine. It hasn't. We have taken up many other things that have  nothing to do with it. What we have talked about here this morning is  encouraging to me. If bringing this resolution up with a unanimous  consent request is going to lead to the Senate Foreign Relations and  other committees moving forward on important policy questions that you  raised, and I hope I raised as well, then it was not time wasted. It  was time well spent.   We do agree on so much more than we disagree, I am sure of it, when  it comes to this. I invite you, I encourage you, I beg you, as soon as  we return from next week's recess, the sooner we can bring a hearing  before your committee and others the better.   I would like to address the unanimous consent request of my colleague  from Indiana as well.   It has been my good fortune in the House and Senate to work with the  Food and Drug Administration. It is probably one of the most underrated  agencies of our Federal Government. They make decisions, literally,  life-and-death decisions, every single day of things unimaginable to  us. It is hard to look at all of the things they regulate and inspect  and not be impressed. I have been impressed over the years with the  Food and Drug Administration. But the gold standard of the Food and  Drug Administration, which was established at least 60 years ago with  the Thalidomide scandal, was that this agency was to take a look at  drugs that were about to go on the market in America and conduct tests,  ask questions, do their own research to determine two things: Are they  safe, and are they effective? Safe and effective. That is it. But it is  a lot.   Over the years, for 60 years or more, they have used this standard to  judge drugs, clinical trials, which carefully measure the impacts of a  drug on the human body over a period of time and the like. It is  frustrating because, at times, it takes longer than we wish. There are  exceptions that have been created at the Food and Drug Administration  for extraordinary circumstances wherein it can accelerate the process,  but by and large, it has to judge drugs as being safe and effective.    Nearly three-quarters of drugs today are approved in the United  States by the Food and Drug Administration before they are approved in  any other country around the world. The FDA is considered the gold  standard. I have been told that so many times. Many countries look to  the Food and Drug Administration in the United States to see if it has  approved of a drug's being safe and effective before they move forward.  This demonstrates that the Food and Drug Administration has an awesome  responsibility but is doing a good job in ensuring Americans have  timely access to the same drugs as have patients in other countries.   The ADAPT Act, which Senator Braun brings to the floor, is a  solution, I believe, in search of a problem. Sadly, it runs a real  risk. This notion that we are somehow going to open up the possibility  of a drug's having been approved in another country being approved in  the United States quickly, without any review, I think is a dangerous  thing to do.   To date, we know what the coronavirus has done to us, and we also  know that this bill would completely change how drugs would be approved  for sale in the United States of America. It is not a minor bill. It is  a major change. Under current law, if a pharmaceutical company wants to  sell a drug, it needs the approval of the FDA. It tests it to be sure  it is safe and effective. It is the gold standard.   The Senator's proposal would abolish this method. That is  significant. Instead, the Senator's proposal says, if a drug has been  approved by another developed country--I am not sure of his definition  of a ``developed country''--it can bypass standard U.S. regulation and  come to market without going through the Food and Drug Administration's  study, review, and approval.   It is worth noting that many Members of the House and Senate have  criticized the pharmaceutical industry for charging Americans the  highest drug prices in the world. I have been in that chorus from time  to time and have suggested that drug prices in the United States should  be the same as they are in Canada and Europe for the same drugs. Many  times, people on the Senator's side of the aisle have resisted that  suggestion. They have called it socialism and have said we shouldn't  let other countries dictate what America has to pay for drugs. Yet,  now, apparently, Senator Braun is comfortable with letting other  countries dictate whether our drugs are safe and effective.   This bill is not a targeted response to the coronavirus; it is an  open-ended giveaway to some pharmaceutical operation. More importantly,  it is putting our safety at risk in America, which we never ever want  to do. Instead of approving the resolution I introduced that simply  expresses the support for global coordination, Senator Braun wants to  completely overturn our Nation's drug approval process.   This bill was introduced more than a year ago. It is still in search  of a cosponsor, and it hasn't been consented  [[Page S2489]]  by the Republican Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions,  which oversees the FDA. Now is the time for the best and the brightest  from all nations to work together toward the shared goal of ending this  pandemic and finding a safe and effective vaccine. It is not the time  to completely upend our Nation's drug approval process to make it easy  for some countries to flood our market with unsafe and ineffective  drugs.   For these reasons, I object to Senator Braun's counterproposal.    Madam President, I believe there is a unanimous consent  request pending. Has there been an objection to my original unanimous  consent request?    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse), are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are  necessarily absent.   