 Mr. President, over the past few weeks,  we have heard a lot of arguments, accusations, and anecdotes. Some very  skilled speakers on both sides have presented their case both for and  against impeachment.   I listened intently, hour after hour, day after day, to the House  managers and the President's lawyers, and the word that kept coming to  me, that I kept writing down in my notes was ``fairness'' because, you  see, here in America you are innocent until proven guilty.   As the President's defense team noted, ``[A]t the foundation of those  authentic forms of justice is fundamental fairness. It's playing by the  rules. It's why we don't allow deflated footballs or stealing signs  from the field. Rules are rules. They're there to be followed.''   You can create all the rhetorical imagery in the world, but without  the facts to prove guilt, it doesn't mean a thing. They can say the  President cannot be trusted, but without proving why he can't be  trusted, their words are just empty political attacks.   You can speak of David v. Goliath, but if you were the one trying to  subvert the presumption of innocence, if you were the one to will facts  into existence, you are not David; you have become Goliath.   Our job here in the Senate is to ensure a fair trial based on the  evidence gathered by the House. I have been accused, as have many of my  colleagues, of not wanting that fair trial. The exact opposite is true.  We have ensured a fair trial in the Senate after House Democrats abused  historical precedents in their zeal to impeach a President they simply  do not like.   During prior impeachment proceedings in the last 50 years--lasting  around 75 days or so in the House--the House's opposing party was  allowed witnesses and the ability to cross-examine. This time, House  Republicans were locked out of the first 71 of 78 days. Let me say that  differently. The ability to cross-examine the witnesses who are coming  before the House against the President, the House Republicans and the  President's team were not allowed to cross-examine those witnesses. The  ability to contradict and/or to cross-examine or have a conversation  about the evidence at the foundation of the trial? The White House  counsel and Republicans were not allowed. Think about the concept of  due process. The House Republicans and President's team, were not  allowed for 71 of 78 days in the House. This is not a fair process.  Does that sound fair to you?   Democrats began talking about impeachment within months of President  Trump's election and have made it clear that their No. 1 goal--perhaps  their only goal--has been to remove him from office. Does that sound  fair to you?   They have said: ``We are going to impeach the . . . '' and used an  expletive.   They said: ``We have to impeach him, otherwise he's going to win the  election.'' Now that might be the transparency we have been looking for  in this process--the real root or foundation of why we found ourselves  here for 60 hours of testimony. It might be because, as they said  themselves, if we don't impeach him, he might just win.   What an amazing thought that the American people and not Members of  Congress would decide the Presidency of the United States. What a novel  concept that the House managers and Congress would not remove his name  from the ballot in 2020, but we would allow the American people to  decide the fate of this President and of the Presidency.   They don't get it. They don't understand that the American people  should be and are the final arbiters of what happens. They want to make  not only the President vulnerable, but they want to make Republican  Senators vulnerable so that they can control the majority of the U.S.  Senate because the facts are not winning for them. The facts are  winning for us because when you look at the facts, they are not their  facts and our facts, they are just the facts. What I have learned from  watching the House managers who were very convincing--they were very  convincing the first day--and after that what we realized was, some  facts mixed with a little fiction led to 100 percent deception. You  cannot mix facts and fiction without having the premise of deceiving  the American public, and that is what we saw here in our Chamber.   Why is that the case? It is simple. When you look at the facts of  this Presidency, you come to a few conclusions that are, in fact,  indisputable. One of those conclusions is that our economy is booming,  and it is not simply booming from the top. When you start looking into  the crosstabs, as I like to say, what you find is that the bottom 20  percent are seeing increases that the top 20 percent are not seeing. So  this economy is working for the most vulnerable Americans, and that is  challenging to our friends on the other side.   When you think about the fact that the opportunity zone legislation  supported by this President is bringing $67 billion of private sector  dollars into the most vulnerable communities, that is challenging to  the other side, but those, too, are facts. When you think about the  essence of criminal justice reform and making communities safer and  having a fairer justice system for those who are incarcerated, that is  challenging to the other side, but it is, indeed, a fact, driven home  by the Republican Party and President Donald John Trump. These facts do  have consequences, just like elections.   Our friends on the other side, unfortunately, decided that if they  could not beat him at the polls, give Congress an opportunity to, in  fact, impeach the President. My friends on the left simply don't want a  fair process. This process has lacked fairness. Instead, they paint  their efforts as fighting on behalf of democracy when, in fact, they  are just working on behalf of Democrats. That is not fair. It is not  what the American people deserve.   House managers said over and over again, the Senate had to protect  our Nation's free and fair elections, but they are seeking to overturn  a fairly won election with absurd charges.   The House managers said over and over again that the Senate has to  allow new witnesses so as to make the Senate trial fair, but they  didn't bother with the notion of fairness when they were in charge in  the House.   Their notion of fairness is to give the prosecution do-overs and  extra latitude but not the defendants.   Actions speak louder than words, and the Democrats' actions have said  all we need to hear.   Let's vote no on these motions today and get back to working for the  American people.   