 Mr. Speaker, the public health emergency our country is  facing requires immediate, bold action. That is why I rise today in  support of H.R. 6800, the HEROES Act.   The HEROES Act will provide families, workers, and veterans in our  communities with the support they urgently need during this pandemic.   As chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I am proud  that this bill includes essential provisions to meet veterans' needs.   The HEROES Act authorizes VA healthcare for all veterans who have  lost their health insurance due to the pandemic, including legislation  introduced by Subcommittee Chair Representative Pappas to streamline  the payment of emergency care claims to community providers.   As a result of COVID-19, veterans are facing financial hardships due  to job losses while vital services are strained, leaving vulnerable  veterans without support.  [[Page H2227]]    This bill includes provisions sponsored by Subcommittee Chair  Representative Levin enabling VA to provide greater support for  homeless veterans and their children.   It also includes legislation from Representative Allred increasing  aid and attendance support by 25 percent for veterans and caregivers.  Those who need assistance with daily activities must not be forgotten.   In addition to these strong veteran provisions, the HEROES Act  responds to the dire economic and healthcare challenge our Nation is  facing.   It provides $1 trillion in funding to support States and local  governments in their response to this pandemic so that they can  continue their essential services.   It addresses the urgent needs of families and workers by putting  direct financial assistance in the pockets of every American, creating  a $200 billion Heroes Fund to give hazard pay to essential workers, and  providing assistance to renters and homeowners.   We are facing an extraordinary crisis. Congress needs to respond to  it with the courageousness it demands. The health and livelihoods of  the American people depend on it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   