 Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon), I rise to offer an  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   This amendment is a sensible requirement to examine the pay equity  for screeners in all parts of the United States.   Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez- Colon) for her amendment and for her leadership on this issue.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as we have discussed, this bill  makes it more difficult for TSA to protect the traveling public from  terrorism. The gentleman's amendment does nothing to fix that.   In fact, the gentleman's amendment does nothing at all, but it  certainly is reassuring to hear that some in the majority still support  our counterterrorism laws.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition  to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment calls for a study  on how TSA can recruit more veterans.   I find that ironic, given that the underlying bill actually  eliminates the existing hiring preferences for veterans, but the study  is a good idea. Maybe it will come back and tell Congress that they  ought to restore the hiring preferences for veterans that we currently  have. That would be a good way to recruit veterans.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I can't overstate this: The real  irony of this amendment is the underlying bill eliminates the hiring  preferences for veterans.   We all want to give preference to veterans for their service to our  country. The best thing we can do to make that happen is to leave  current law in place.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a sense of  Congress articulating support for the underlying bill, an underlying  bill which I  [[Page H1512]]  have made clear over the last 2 days would reduce pay and benefits for  our TSOs. That is unacceptable. We should be trying to increase their  pay and benefits and their flexibility rather than trying to cap it by  moving into title V.   I can't support this amendment because I don't support the underlying  bill. There are many of us who feel that way, who care very deeply  about TSOs being compensated better and given better benefits, so, for  that reason, I oppose the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, my friend and colleague from  Mississippi is right about part of what he said, that is that if you  talk to TSOs throughout this country, they are grossly dissatisfied  with their pay, and rightfully so. We have not done our job in Congress  to adequately fund the TSA to pay them better.   The TSA wants to increase their pay. Under current law, they have a  lot more capacity to raise their pay. If we move them to title V, that  pay is capped.   My friend from Maryland is absolutely right in his desire to want to  help the TSOs. This underlying bill doesn't do it. We need to get with  our appropriating brothers and sisters and urge them to fund the  President's 2021 budget which does provide the money that would allow  TSOs to be properly paid and not capped.   I remind everybody that it was the Obama human capital experts who  had a blue-ribbon study that recommended that we not move the TSA  employees back to title V because it would, in fact, cut their pay and  limit many of their benefits.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition  to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it.   The Acting Chair (Mr. Brown of Maryland). Without objection, the  gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes.   There was no objection.    Mr. Chair, we have consistently seen reporting  and data highlighting the unique health and well-being challenges of  Federal air marshals. This amendment is a commendable effort to examine  the issue, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition  to the amendment.   Here is another example of a messaging amendment that doesn't fix the  veterans' hiring problem in the underlying bill. All this does is  restate the veterans preference language in title 5. It does not  restore the full veterans preference that exist under current law.   I don't understand why the majority keeps restating this instead of  fixing the underlying bill and allowing the veterans preference--which  is broader--to remain in place without the impediment imposed by this  underlying bill.   So, Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I want to restate that the  underlying bill restricts the veterans preference in the hiring that  exists now. Under current law, all veterans are given preference in  hiring at the TSA. Under the underlying bill, it would be restricted to  those veterans who had a rank of O3 or less. Only they would get  preferences. I don't think this is where this Congress wants to go.   Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition  to the bill, although I am not opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Chairman, as the gentlewoman from Virginia  has just stated, the administration has already taken some proactive  steps to deal with this threat; however, we need to remain vigilant  when it comes to dealing with counterintelligence threats and concerns  in the Federal workforce. I think this amendment does that.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition  to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment recognizes that  the coronavirus is a serious public health threat and that the TSA has  a responsibility to educate its personnel as to how they should protect  themselves. I can't imagine why anybody would oppose it.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   