 Mr. President, I appreciate the comments from the Senator  from Georgia. There are plenty of negotiations going on. I don't know  what he means when he says he doesn't have anybody to negotiate with. I  just spent 2 hours with Secretary Mnuchin talking about provisions of  this bill.   We spent hours on Friday and Saturday talking within our committees.  I applaud Senator Rubio, what he and Senator Cardin did. There has been  bipartisanship but not from the majority leader, and that has really  fundamentally been the problem--the Republican leader.   Let's back up. Let's back up 10 days. I stood on this floor--Senator  Durbin was here, a bunch of us--when Senator McConnell on a Thursday  night, we were this close to agreement with the House on the second  package, the one that had sick leave policy. We were that close.   Senator McConnell decided he had to go back to Kentucky to go to a  political event with a Justice of the Supreme Court--a political event  with a Justice of the Supreme Court.    Of course.    That is not the point. The point is that--    Certainly.    I don't know the day, but I know it was a day or two  later.    I am not yielding now, Senator Cotton. I know you always  want to do Trump's--the President's bidding. I have the floor, and I  will keep the floor.   The fact is, we were in negotiations with Speaker Pelosi, I assume  with Leader McCarthy. In the Senate, we were this close to legislation.   Senator McConnell went home. Senator Cotton is not disputing the fact  he went home for a political event with a Justice of the Supreme Court,  for gosh sakes--went home.   We didn't vote Friday. We didn't vote Saturday. We didn't vote  Sunday. We didn't vote Monday. We didn't vote Tuesday. We didn't vote  until Wednesday. So we have tried to be bipartisan.   Senator McConnell then dispatched all of us just a few days ago to do  negotiations within our committees. I sat with--    Well, I would like to sort of explain the details, but if  the time comes out of your time, I would be glad to.    No. The answer to that question is no. It would have been  possible. We can always suspend the rules and move if it is in the  national interest.   But we didn't vote--you know this, Senator Alexander--we didn't vote  until Wednesday.   But let me back up. This weekend Senator Crapo and I and Banking  Committee Members were making progress on Friday and Saturday. Then  Saturday night, Senator McConnell decided that he would take everything  back and write a partisan bill. So don't tell us that this has been a  bipartisan effort.   Again, Senator Rubio and Senator Cardin had some bipartisan efforts.  We attempted that, but the fact is, we need to learn from 10 years ago.  The same people came to us and said: We need this bailout. They  promised that it would help people stay in their homes. They promised  it would be money in the pockets of workers.   The banks have done well, the executives have done well, but since  then, wages have basically remained flat. The American people don't  want another corporate bailout. They don't want a bailout for Wall  Street. They don't want a bailout for the airlines. They want money--if  we are going to do a relief package, the money needs to go in the  pockets of workers.   We know that hundreds of people, thousands of people in each of our  States are faced every day with this situation: Do I go to work? I am  sick today. Do I go to work and possibly infect somebody else in the  workplace or do I stay home and lose the pay I need in order to pay my  mortgage or in order to pay my rent?   This plan is all about a corporate bailout. The money--$425 billion  that the Secretary of Treasury can decide is a slush fund or where to  direct that money instead of money going to workers, to food banks, to  unemployment insurance, to sick days policy, to all of the things that  we need to do to keep businesses going and people in their homes.   We have a prohibition that so far Senator McConnell has objected to  on foreclosures and evictions. You all know the statistics--40 percent  of Americans don't have $400 discretionary money in their pockets that  they can use in an emergency to fix their car or whatever.   If they go several weeks without pay, they will be evicted; they will  be foreclosed on. We need Senator McConnell to actually agree to that.   And when it comes to the $425 billion slush fund, we want to help  these businesses, especially small businesses. We want to help the  airlines, but we need to make sure that this money passes through to  employees. That means no corporate bailouts without investing in the  dignity of work; it means if you are taking taxpayer money, no stock  buybacks, no sending jobs overseas, no outsourcing your jobs to  independent contractors, no golden parachutes for executives, no using  taxpayer dollars to bust unions, no wage cuts for these employees, no  healthcare or pension cuts.   If we put money into these businesses, this money is there not for  the executives; it is there for the workers, and it is there for the  community. It means actually helping people stay in their homes.   If you love this country, you fight for the people who make it work.  We have to show the people we serve that we have learned from  Congress's mistake 10 years ago when the banks did very well, thank  you. And Wall Street again will do very well, thank you, under the  McConnell plan.   We have to come together to put money in people's pockets. We need to  help people stay in their homes. We need to invest in healthcare  workers who are on the frontlines. We need to mobilize American  manufacturers.   The partisan McConnell plan doesn't do this. The bipartisan work we  are trying to do could do this. We know we can get through this  together, put this partisanship aside, and come together for the people  whom we serve   I yield the floor.   