 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this has been a very difficult week  after what has been a very difficult few months. A nation, beleaguered  by disease and economic depression, has once again come face-to-face  with the racial injustice that infects our society. The death of George  Floyd in police custody was a searing reminder of a long list of  unarmed African Americans whose lives have been taken under similar  circumstances--Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery, and too many others--a  well of grief and loss and pain too deep to express. It was a searing  reminder of the bigotry and discrimination that African Americans  encounter as part of their daily reality.   That is why so many Americans of all ages, colors, and faiths are out  in the streets protesting right now. They are fed up with racial  injustice in this country and want to see some change. Here in the  Senate, Member after Member has come to the floor to share support for  the same cause.   Yesterday, our caucus held a somber, emotional, and very personal  meeting, during which our Members shared their own lived experiences of  racism and spoke about what we need to do next because the truth is,  while speeches and protests are vital, they will never be enough.   We need greater accountability and transparency in police departments  and reformed police practices so these events don't happen in the first  place. We need to reform the criminal justice system that is still too  short on justice and begin chipping away at the racial disparities that  exist in healthcare, housing, education, and in the economy.   These issues will not be solved in a week or a month or in a year.  Let's hope they can be solved in this decade. But I will be damned if  we don't at least try to make some progress. Already, my colleagues  Senators Booker, Harris, Cardin, Klobuchar, Duckworth, Schatz, Smith,  and others are working with the Congressional Black Caucus in the House  to develop legislation to address a number of issues related to police  violence and racial justice. Senate Democrats will not wait to propose  and push for bold, bold change.   Will our Republican colleagues join us? Leader McConnell, commit to  put a law enforcement reform bill on the floor of the Senate before  July 4.  [[Page S2661]]    I have made this request for several days without an answer from the  Republican leader. Even more disappointing, the Republican leader  blocked a simple resolution I offered last night that reaffirmed  Americans' constitutional rights to peaceful protest, condemned the  violence that is occurring in too many places, and condemned the  President as well for having gas and rubber bullets used on a peaceful  protest in Lafayette Park, where there were families and children  protesting in the grand American tradition of peaceful protest.   There was no partisan rhetoric in this resolution. It was three  simple concepts, a recitation of the facts, but because Senate  Republicans are so afraid--shivering--at the thought of criticizing the  President, even when they know his actions are way out of line, Leader  McConnell came and blocked this resolution. Shame, shame, shame.   We all know there are very few checks on the President, especially a  President who believes he can do anything he wants--and he said it. One  of the most effective checks on President Trump could be the caucus of  Republican Senators for once standing up to him when he is way out of  line. Where are they? Where are they?   Even a columnist like George Will has shown a disgust at the  Republican Senate, and he is a conservative, for their failure to stand  up to Donald Trump on issues like this. All too often on thorny issues  such as gun safety, racial justice, and police reform, my Republican  colleagues sort of say what is necessary to get through the day, when  there is an immediate crisis, and then wait for public attention to  fade.   Leader McConnell called us back into session in early May during the  height of the COVID pandemic, but we still have not considered a single  piece of legislation on the floor. Now listen to this. Yesterday, when  Leader McConnell was listing legislative priorities for June, he did  not mention COVID legislation. Let me repeat for those who may have  missed it in the swirl of news and events of the day. When listing his  June priorities to reporters, Leader McConnell did not mention COVID- related legislation. Other Republican Senators have said that another  relief bill might come in late July--might, might.   This is shocking. This should be a wake-up call to the American  people. Americans of all ages, races, creeds, and philosophies, call  your Republican Senators. Demand action.   The recession will get deeper. It could develop into a depression if  we don't have relief. We have not done enough in the eyes of every  economist I have looked at and respected. Governors and mayors across  the country in red States are slashing budgets in advance of the new  fiscal year, which for most States starts July 1. States will be forced  to cut millions of jobs and critical services. These cuts mean  increased school class sizes, longer emergency response times, fewer  services to keep the elderly at home and out of nursing homes. These  cuts not only exacerbate the recession but the wrath of the coronavirus  itself. That is what is happening while Senate Republicans wait until  July, maybe, to consider another relief bill.   America, look at what our Republicans are doing: not giving the  relief you need for your safety, for your schools, for the services  that local government provides.   The Republican majority doesn't seem to have time to address a  cascading series of national crises--no time. Why is that?   Where is President Trump? Where is his Cabinet? They all know that we  need more. They all know we haven't solved the economic problem--far  from it. They all know that we have to do a lot more on testing.   So our Republican majority doesn't seem to have time to address the  COVID national crisis, but do you know what it does have time for?  Chasing President Trump's wild conspiracy theories. It sounds like the  death knell of the Republican Party as we know it. They can't deal with  the two major crises of the day--racial justice and the COVID crisis-- and they are busy pursuing conspiracy theories, some of them emanating  from Russia, to go after President Obama and Vice President Biden.   This makes no sense. This, again, sounds like the death knell of the  Republican Party. The Republican Party we used to know would have some  principles but not be afraid to run to every major issue--to any major  issue almost. But that is what they are doing.   Today, in the Judiciary Committee, the Republican committee chairman  has called in Rod Rosenstein to dredge up the President's favorite  conspiracy theory related to the 2016 election. It is an egregious  misuse of the institution--the Senate.   Nearly a quarter of our workforce is unemployed. Over 100,000  Americans are dead from a strange and contagious disease; Americans are  in the streets demanding racial justice; and shopworn, discredited  conspiracy theories are what the Republican majority is focused on?  What alternative universe do they live in? What alternative reality are  they in the midst of? One detached from the real reality that the  American people face: conspiracy theories to help President Trump's  reelection, rightwing judges, many of whom have antipathy to the civil  rights we are talking about now.   The Republican Party in the Senate has moved so far into a corner,  the corner that Donald Trump is in, that they can't address two of the  most important and major issues that have affected this country in  decades.   The American people should be furious with the Republican Senate  majority, and the American people and historians will record with  sadness how this once great party, even though I didn't agree with it,  has declined so--no courage, no principle, but simply cowering for  President Trump and his crazy theories that even they know are crazy.   The American people, of course, should be furious with the President  as well. On Monday night, Americans watched Federal officers, under the  direction of the President and the Attorney General, use gas and rubber  bullets to disperse a crowd of peaceful protesters in a public park so  that the President could stage a photo op in front of a church, waving  the Holy Bible as a prop.   Last night, Americans saw an even more haunting image on the internet  and their televisions: rows of camouflage troops standing at attention  on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, like an occupying force defending  a critical position.   When you see the image of troops dressed for combat flanking the  Lincoln Memorial, an altar of freedom, you cannot help but think of  Tiananmen Square. This administration ordered Federal officers to gas  peaceful protesters and charge on horseback and defend our monuments  like battlefield positions.   What is President Trump doing to this grand democracy? What is he  doing? And why are our Republican colleagues just going along?   President Lincoln's second inaugural address is engraved in that  building where armed soldiers stood. During a moment of extreme  political division and civil strife, President Lincoln urged malice  toward none, charity toward all, and sought to bind up the Nation's  wounds.   There could be no greater contrast between Lincoln and this  President, this President who seems to have malice toward all and  charity for none, who seeks to deepen our Nation's wounds rather than  bind them up. Our Nation is crying out for leadership, for direction,  for some healing and some unity. Will this President even try to  provide it?   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, in a moment I will ask unanimous consent  to pass legislation that makes urgently needed reforms to the PPP to  make the program much more functional for all--underline ``all''--small  businesses.   Let me just name a few of the changes. First, it expands the loan  period from 8 weeks to 24 weeks. Currently, workers may be brought back  for the 8 weeks, but what good is it if they are again laid off after  that short period? It is unrealistic, and small businesses need  assistance that can cover the full length of this crisis.   Second, the legislation removes the 25-percent restriction imposed by  the Trump administration on the use of loans for fixed costs, rents,  mortgages, utilities, and replaces it with new 60-40 payroll-to- nonpayroll expenses. This change will continue PPP's support in getting  workers back on the payroll but giving small businesses more  flexibility to survive in this crisis, which is essential to the long- term employment prospect of the workers.   For my home State of New York, we have high rents, high utility  costs. Many businesses were frozen out when there was 25 percent, but  40 percent will get them in, and that applies to the more high-cost  areas throughout the country. Even though these are small businesses,  they are struggling under those costs.   Third, the proposal extends the program to the end of the year and  makes December 31 the deadline to rehire workers in order to get full  forgiveness on the loan. We have a long way to go before the economy  will come back in real ways. This will give businesses a more realistic  timeline to get the help they need while bringing back employees.   The bill ensures any amounts of the loan not forgiven will have at  least a 5-  [[Page S2680]]  year term of repayment so that small businesses will not be saddled  with the need to be repaid within 2 years. The impact of this crisis is  long-lasting and requires lenient terms. We have all heard from small  businesses in our States that while they are glad there is a program-- they would have gone under without it; it is a very good thing--it  needed some changes to make it work for so many small businesses that  have been left out or rejected.   I say to small businesses across the country: After this changes,  apply again even if you applied the first time because it will be  easier to meet the requirements and criteria.   This is not controversial. The House of Representatives passed this  legislation with a vote of 417 to 1. We can't wait any longer.  Businesses are really suffering for lack of these changes, and to wait  and wait and wait--if someone wants to make changes, let's do it when  we get to the Heroes bill, to COVID 4. But to delay another week or 2  weeks or 3 weeks to get this all bollixed up--we can't afford to wait.  Our small businesses cannot afford to wait. These changes are  universally agreed to as good ones, and we shouldn't let someone who  wants a small change say: Let's stop it until we go forward.   The bill has the broad support of small businesses across industries,  mom-and-pop restaurants, underserved businesses, minority businesses,  nonprofits that have been hit hard by this pandemic. It should be  passed by the Senate right now.   These fixes will not solve every problem in PPP. Too many underserved  small businesses and minority small businesses are still struggling to  get the help they need in these troubled times. These will not diminish  in any way the urgency of passing legislation like the Heroes Act,  which provides additional help not only for businesses but for  homeowners, renters, essential workers, medical facilities, local and  State governments, and more. Our Republican colleagues must come to the  table and work with us to pass future reforms.   Nor will it divert our caucus in its quest for police reform and  racial justice. We have to do that as well.   But today we have an opportunity to pass meaningful reforms that our  small businesses need now. We must get this done. Businesses are going  under every day. Small businesses that have struggled and sweated--my  dad's was one of them--that need help and can't get help because of  certain problems in this bill will be so relieved when we pass this  legislation, which has already passed the House.   I want to particularly thank two people on our side who have worked  long and hard on this legislation, who will speak now. One is Senator  Cardin from Maryland, the ranking member of the Committee on Small  Business, and one is Senator Shaheen, the senior Senator from New  Hampshire, who is also a very active member of the Small Business  Committee. I hope that passing this legislation in a bipartisan way as  it did in the House will give us momentum to keep working on the  medical, economic, and racial crises that still affect our Nation.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, let me thank my colleagues from  Maryland and New Hampshire for their eloquence.   Again, we need to act now. We have waited long enough to make these  changes. The House passed them 417 to 1. There may be changes people  want to make, but I would urge that we pass this bill now--we pass this  bill immediately--because small businesses need the certainty. In the  next week or two, many will be affected negatively if we don't get this  legislation passed.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of H.R. 710, which was received from the House; that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I respect the good faith and sincerity  in my colleague from Wisconsin.   I would say this: If we change this bill and then go to conference  with the House, we risk too much delay. We should move the bill now. We  are willing to, certainly, look at the changes that my colleague from  Wisconsin proposes, and we can do that in a UC tomorrow, next week,  whenever--but not hold this bill up because, even if the Senator is  right in his interpretation--which may be right; it may be wrong--it  doesn't affect 95 percent of the businesses in the next few weeks that  need help.   So we ought to pass this bill, help the urgent needs that those  businesses have, and whatever corrections that my colleague from  Wisconsin wishes to make, I am sure my colleagues from Maryland and New  Hampshire and I would look at it. But to hold this bill up now, which  passed 417 to 1 in the House and which does so many good and needed  things, unaffected by the provision that he is having trouble with, I  think would be a sincere mistake.   So I would ask him to reconsider. We need to pass this bill today.    I will be happy to yield.    Madam President, I thank my colleague. I would simply  say that it seems to me he has it a little backward.   We should pass this bill and then work on the changes--not hold this  bill up. Who knows what can happen? Maybe it will happen today; maybe  it will not. We have the moment to do it now. We waited 2\1/2\ days. We  could have done the UC Monday. We waited until Wednesday afternoon. We  are leaving here tomorrow at about 1.   The House is not in session now. It would be very, very wise and  helpful to small business--and I have talked to many of them all across  the country--to pass this bill now, and then we will work in good faith  on the small change that my colleague wished to have.    I yield.    Madam President, if my friend from Wisconsin is willing  to delay the other changes he wants and try to work those out, it would  make eminent sense to delay this one, as well, and try to work that out  and pass this bill. You never know what happens.   We should pass it today, not wait for tomorrow. We should pass it  now, not wait a few hours. Lord knows what can happen. Businesses are  crying out.   I think our moving here will move the process forward. It wouldn't  have moved as quickly as if we didn't move the bill, but it is still a  better bet to help small businesses, even with the concern my colleague  has, to pass this bill now.   I would make one final plea: Let's pass it now. If not, we should  pass it today.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this is a very good day because very much  needed improvements to the PPP program will now pass the Senate as they  passed the House, 417 to 1. The PPP program is desperately needed by  small business, and it was not in the original proposal of our  Republican friends or of the President. We worked very hard and pushed  hard to get this done, and I want to salute Senators Cardin and Shaheen  for their efforts.    The program was not at all perfect. When it first rolled out, too  many of the big shots got money and not enough of the small  businesses--the mom and pops, the butcher, baker, and candlestick  maker. And nonprofits were not entitled. I pushed very hard to get  nonprofits, including church-related nonprofits, religious-related  nonprofits, in the bill. They can now benefit from the bill just like  the small businesses can.   We Democrats said, there has to be some money set aside--not just to  give more money in COVID 3.5--to the existing businesses that had  connections with bankers but to the smaller businesses, and $125  billion was set aside. That was a very good thing. Now it has changed  from a program that has gone mainly to those that had good connections  to bankers that were well connected to many smaller businesses as well.   In the second round, States that really needed the help got a greater  percentage of the help, like my State of New York. So this program has  been one that Democrats have been, initially, very positive about and  helped propose and write but constantly worked on improving to make it  better, better, and better. That improvement continues today. The House  Democrats put together a bill that would deal with the kinds of  problems we continue to see.   Eight weeks is running out soon. Yet small businesses may not get all  the money--may not be able to use the money when the program runs out,  and extending it to 24 weeks is vital. In many States, like mine in New  York, only 25 percent of the money could go to OTPS expenses, other  than personnel expenses. That wasn't enough. A lot of businesses didn't  want to apply.   This bill moves it up to 40. Our Republican friends had resisted  that. I am glad now they have seen the light.   You will have the loan--if you go to convert your loans and get them  forgiven, it will be 5 years that you have to pay back, not 2. Lots of  small businesses said they couldn't dare be able to pay them back in 2.  These are among the most important changes in the bill, as well as some  others.   I am glad our Republican friends have relented and passed the bill  here as we are about to close session for this week. It passed the  House. We Democrats have been pushing to get it done. For the last 3  days, there were some problems on the other side, and I am glad they  have been worked out. I want to thank Senator Johnson. He had problems,  but we talked on the phone repeatedly and worked those problems out  with the help of Senator Cardin. And this is an improvement that is  much needed and comes at the last minute but not too late. So many  businesses--8 weeks--will expire so soon, and now it is extended to 24  weeks.   So I am glad this bill passes. I am glad we can do it by unanimous  consent. We Democrats are fully in support of this, every Democrat. We  have no problems moving it forward. I know it will help a lot of small  businesses.   I yield the floor.   