 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Biggs for yielding to me.   In 1928, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis said: ``In a  government of laws, the existence of the government will be imperiled  if it fails to observe the law scrupulously. . . . If the government  becomes a lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law; it invites every man  to become a law unto himself; it invites anarchy. . . . Crime is  contagious.''   Mr. Speaker, let's just look at the lawlessness perpetrated by our  own government that the American people have had to endure and for  which, regrettably, I have had a front-row seat for in my career here  in Congress: Fast and Furious; the IRS attacks on conservatives;  Benghazi, where four Americans died; Hillary Clinton's email scandal;  the attacks on the press of James Rosen, James Risen, and Sharyl  Attkisson; the unmasking of American citizens; Russia-gate; Ukraine- gate; and now, Obama-gate.   Who has paid the time for the crime?   What we are witnessing today in many of America's Democratic-run  cities are the repercussions of years of lawlessness and amnesty in  Washington, D.C.   Recently, I had a woman leave me a voice mail saying she ``thinks it  is totally okay for her to come with her gun and shoot me in the  head.'' Only a couple days later, two L.A. County sheriffs were shot in  the head.   Do you know what happened as those deputies were fighting for their  lives? The mob was blocking the entrance to the emergency room,  chanting: ``We hope they die. We hope they die.''   That is how little regard the mob has for the rule of law and their  fellow man in their disavowment of the greatest country in the world,  the United States of America.   President Trump is right: We must restore law and order. We must  defend our police, not just by fully funding them but by increasing the  criminal penalties for assaulting officers, bringing violent groups  like Antifa and BLM to justice, and applying existing Federal laws like  RICO statutes to combat the patterned commission of violent crime.   Ronald Reagan wisely said: ``We must reject the idea that every time  a law is broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is  time to restore the American precept that each individual is  accountable'' for his or her actions.   I strongly support law enforcement. I firmly disavow the groups and  individuals funding, enabling, and partaking in mob violence. And I  call on my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I say to the men and women in blue and brown: Thank you.   