 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today relates to an issue that the  President's Working Group on Financial Markets and the Securities and  Exchange Commission are diligently working to address: the Public  Company Accounting Oversight Board's inability to inspect the audit  work and practices of PCAOB-registered auditing firms in China.   The mission of the PCAOB is to oversee the audits of public companies  and provide the public with informative, accurate, and independent  audit reports. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the PCAOB's rules impose  requirements on firms that perform audit work for public companies,  which include providing complete and timely access for PCAOB  inspections.   Conducting inspections in the United States is simple; however,  conducting them internationally requires agreements with foreign  regulators and firms.   Over the years, the PCAOB has worked closely with their foreign  counterparts on specific requirements for nearly all jurisdictions that  have U.S.-listed public companies. This collaboration allows for joint  inspections and enforcement matters. However, there are a few countries  for which no such agreements exist. The outstanding jurisdictions  include Belgium, France, Hong Kong, and China.   The Board is currently working on agreements that would lead to  cooperation in Belgium and France and expects to have a final  cooperative agreement to facilitate access in the near future.   China, on the other hand, has skirted these requirements. They have  done so without showing any interest in allowing for such cooperation.  As a result, the PCAOB cannot inspect the audit work and practices of  firms in China and Hong Kong to the extent their clients have  operations in mainland  [[Page H6033]]  China. The Chinese Government has exacerbated the situation by  prohibiting audit firms from providing this information without the  consent of Chinese financial regulators.   Mr. Speaker, this bill before us today prohibits the securities of a  public company from being traded on a national securities exchange if  the issuer has had 3 consecutive ``non-inspection years,'' that is,  years that the PCAOB is unable to inspect a public company's auditors.   During these non-inspection years, each company would be required to  disclose the percentage of the shares owned by governmental entities,  the governmental entities that have a controlling financial interest,  and if any official of the Chinese Communist Party is a member of the  company's board as well as any ownership by the CCP.   As the title of this legislation suggests, the Holding Foreign  Companies Accountable Act is designed to prevent companies based in  China and certain other jurisdictions from taking advantage of our deep  and liquid capital markets while avoiding the scrutiny that comes with  inspection of their financial statement audits.   This situation is unfair and dangerous for investors. For that  reason, the act should be read to apply to companies where the auditor  that signs the audit report is located in a jurisdiction that does not  permit PCAOB inspection access.   Mr. Speaker, nearly 6 months ago, the President released the  Memorandum on Protecting United States Investors from Significant Risks  from Chinese Companies. The memo directed the President's Working Group  on Financial Markets to provide recommendations to address the issues  with China. Three months ago, the President's Working Group released  that report.   The report comprehensively details a number of recommendations to  level the playing field for all companies listed on our exchanges and  improve disclosure on the risks of investing in emerging markets. The  implementation of these recommendations would effectuate the intent of  Senator Kennedy's legislation.   Moreover, immediately following the release of the report, SEC  Chairman Clayton directed staff to prepare proposals to address these  recommendations in a comprehensive and transparent manner through the  rulemaking process.   Mr. Speaker, I applaud Senator Kennedy and his staff for their  efforts and the President's Working Group on Financial Markets, as well  as the PCAOB for their diligence.   I also thank House Minority Leader McCarthy and House Committee on  Foreign Affairs Ranking Member McCaul for their leadership on the China  Task Force. Republicans have and will continue to fight against  communism and the global threat the Chinese Government poses.   Mr. Speaker, finally, I thank Mr. Sherman for working with me to have  similar legislation included in the House NDAA and his work in bringing  this legislation to the floor today.   Again, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana, Senator Kennedy, for all  his work in standing up to China, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time each  side has remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I simply urge my colleagues to support S. 945.   Again, I thank everyone for making this legislation possible. I thank  Mr. Sherman for his comments and his work and partnership on this  important issue.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1830, as amended by the  Senate, also known as the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor  Commemorative Coin Act.   I would like to thank Leader Schumer for championing this issue on  the Senate side and the gentleman from New York, Congressman Maloney,  for his work. We passed his version of this bill in the House back in  September of 2019. I am glad that we have the opportunity to send this  important bill to the President's desk.   The National Purple Heart Mission opened in 2006. The Purple Heart  Mission is a New York State facility that is dedicated to collecting,  preserving, and sharing the stories of all Purple Heart recipients from  all branches of service and across all conflicts.   Enrollments at the National Purple Heart Honor Mission are voluntary,  and submissions are made by Purple Heart recipients, their families, or  friends. Currently, there are 1,095 Purple Heart recipients enrolled  from the great State of North Carolina, representing World War I, World  War II, Korea, Vietnam, Somalia, Operation Enduring Freedom, and  Operation Iraqi Freedom.   These courageous men and women are recognized by the National Purple  Heart Honor Mission because, surprisingly, the Federal Government does  not maintain a comprehensive list. In fact, the only award for which  there is a list is the Medal of Honor.   Mr. Speaker, the National Purple Heart Honor Mission is an  organization that deserves the recognition the commemorative coin will  bring.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time for the purpose of closing.   Mr. Speaker, I would simply urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1830,  as amended, so we can honor our great Purple Heart recipients in Ohio  and across the country.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7995, the Coin Metal  Modification Authorization and Cost Savings Act of 2020.   Mr. Speaker, title 31 of the United States Code establishes the  monetary system on which our Nation relies. Section 5112, in  particular, sets out the parameters by which the Secretary of the  Treasury is authorized to mint and issue the coins that we use on a  daily basis in the United States. Those parameters are incredibly  detailed.   For example, there are provisions outlining the number of circulating  [[Page H6038]]  coin programs, numismatic coins, better known as coins used to  commemorate a person or event. The provisions even depict the metal  composition requirements that every coin leaving the United States Mint  must meet.   In fact, different coins have different composition requirements. For  example, ``The 5-cent coin is an alloy of 75 percent copper and 25  percent nickel.'' One quarter and a dime must be ``clad . . . with  three layers of metal. The two identical outer layers are an alloy of  75 percent copper and 25 percent nickel. The inner layer is copper. The  outer layers are metallurgically bonded to the inner layer and weigh at  least 30 percent of the weight of the coin.''   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 7995, introduced by my colleague, Congressman  Amodei, from the great State of Nevada, would amend title 31. The bill  would allow the United States Mint to research and make recommendations  to Congress regarding changes to the metallic composition of those  circulating coins we use every day.   Once the Mint's research is complete, the Director of the Mint must  report to Congress any proposed changes it seeks to make, including  justifications for the changes.   This report to Congress must include the following information.  First, the report must describe how the proposed modifications will  save taxpayer dollars. The report must describe how the modifications  will be implemented without disrupting the current circulation of  coins. Finally, the report must show that any modification will have  minimal negative impact on the public.   Mr. Speaker, let me make one thing clear. This bill maintains  Congress' Article I authority over coins. The bill provides that if  Congress, the entity constitutionally responsible for coinage,  disagrees with or believes the modifications are too burdensome, it can  stop the process. The bill provides for an expedited review process,  similar to the Congressional Review Act, to stop any changes the Mint  would make.   This bill may seem like a strange idea. Why change the composition of  coins? Isn't the old saying: If it isn't broke, don't fix it?   Mr. Speaker, recent projections from the Mint estimate that the  legislation would allow for potential savings of $4 million more  annually by changing the metal composition of the nickel and potential  savings of up to $14 million annually by changing the dime and quarter.  These projected numbers do not account for the penny, which would  undoubtedly increase the savings to taxpayers.   Needless to say, these savings are not chump change.   Mr. Speaker, I am not a coin expert. But I can say that if the Mint  is able to save the U.S. taxpayer considerable money by altering the  metal composition of circulating coins, we should give the coin experts  the chance to make their case.   H.R. 7995 makes sense. It is a commonsense cost-savings bill. It is  for this reason that I support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to  support it as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from Tennessee (Mr. John W. Rose).    Mr. Speaker, we have two speakers remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. David P. Roe).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman  from Nevada (Mr. Amodei).    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I would simply urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7995,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   