 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the House of Representatives has  impeached the President for a very serious offense: coercing a foreign  leader into interfering in our elections, using the powers of the  Presidency, the most powerful public office in the Nation, to benefit  himself--to actually influence the election, which should be decided by  American citizens, not by a foreign power. When debating the  impeachment clause of the Constitution, the Founders worried about  foreign capitals having undue influence over our country. Hamilton,  writing in the Federalist Papers, described impeachable offenses as  abuses or violations of some public trust.   In the impeachment of President Trump, the question the Senate will  be asked to answer is whether the President did, in fact, abuse his  public trust and, by doing so, invite the very foreign influence the  Founders feared would be a corruption of our democracy. To answer that  question, to decide whether the President merits acquittal and removal  from office, the Senate must conduct a fair trial. A fair trial has  witnesses. A fair trial has relevant documents as a part of the record.  A fair trial seeks the truth--no more, no less.   That is why Democrats have asked to call four fact witnesses and  subpoena three specific sets of relevant documents related to the  President's misconduct with Ukraine. At the moment, my Republican  colleagues are opposing these witnesses and documents, but they can't  seem to find a real reason why. Most are unwilling to argue that  witnesses shouldn't come before the Senate. They can only support  delaying the decision until most of the trial is over, like a magic  eight ball that keeps saying: Ask again later.   The most the Republican leader can do is smear our request as some  partisan fishing expedition intended to damage the President, but the  leader himself has warned that the witnesses we have requested might  not help the House managers' case against the President. He is right  about that. These are the President's top advisers. They are appointed  by him, vetted by him. They work with him.   We don't know what those witnesses will say or what the documents  will reveal. They could hurt the President's case or they could help  the President's case. We don't know.   We know one thing. We want the truth on something as weighty and  profound as an impeachment trial. Does Leader McConnell want the truth?  Do Senate Republicans want the truth?   I would remind the leader that our request for witnesses and  documents is very much in line with the Senate's history. The  Republican leader keeps citing precedent. Well, here is precedent, Mr.  Leader. There have been two Presidential impeachment trials in history.  Both--both--had witnesses. The trial of Andrew Johnson had 41  witnesses. There have been 16 completed impeachment trials in the  Senate's entire history. In every one, except one, the trial in 1799 of  Senator William Blount, which was dismissed on jurisdictional grounds,  every Senate impeachment trial in history has included witnesses.   You want precedent? Precedent says witnesses overwhelmingly.   The long arc of history casts a shadow on the proceedings we are  about to undertake. It suggests something obvious--that the Senate has  always believed trials were about evidence and getting the truth. Of  the 16 impeachment trials, 15 had witnesses and 1 was dismissed early.  Do Senate Republicans want to break that lengthy historical precedent  by conducting the first impeachment trial of a President in history  with no witnesses? Let me ask that question again. This is weighty.  This is vital. This is about the Republic. Do Senate Republicans want  to break the lengthy historical precedent that said witnesses should be  at in impeachment trial by conducting the first impeachment trial of  the President in history--in history, since 1789--with no witnesses?    I ask that question because that seems to be where the Republican  leader wants us to be headed. The Republican leader has designed a  schedule for a Senate trial that might--might--have us vote on  witnesses and documents after the presentations from both sides have  been concluded--the judicial equivalent of putting the cart before the  horse. Of course, Leader McConnell has made no guarantee that he will  support voting on witnesses and documents at that time--only that  supposedly he will be open to the idea.   I want my Republican colleagues to bear in mind that if we consider  witnesses at a later date, it could extend the trial by several days,  maybe several weeks, as witnesses did during the Clinton trial.   Leader McConnell has said that after the arguments are made, we  should vote and move on. Do my Republican colleagues really believe  Leader McConnell will have an open mind about witnesses at a later date  when they might extend the trial much longer than he wants? I am not in  the prediction business, but I can bet that  [[Page S170]]  when the time comes, Leader McConnell will say that we have heard  enough, that the trial shouldn't drag on any longer, that the Senate  doesn't need witnesses and documents, and that we should, just as he  once said ``vote and move on.''   Before Senate Republicans are so quick to reject the Democratic  proposal for a limited list of relevant witnesses and documents, I want  them to consider that our proposal would save the Senate time. We want  to confront the issue now, not be forced to extend the trial later. We  want both the House managers and the White House defense counsel to  have time to incorporate the testimony of witnesses into their  presentations. That is the proper way to proceed. That is what happens  at trials--collect all the evidence at the beginning, not at the end.   All we are asking is for the President's own men, his appointees, to  come forward and tell their side of the story. The American people want  a fair trial in the Senate. The American people know that a trial  without witnesses and documents is not a real trial; it is a sham  trial. And the American people will be able to tell the difference  between a fair hearing of the facts and a coverup.   