 Madam President, I thank my colleague Senator Daines  from Montana and all my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans. Everyone  has been so excited about getting up and showing pictures of their  beautiful State. All of us--it is the United States of America--every  one of us has something to be proud of and show off, and the LWCF and  restore our historic parks bills will protect each and every one of  them.   I have been in the Senate for almost 10 years. I have not seen any  piece of legislation that has brought us together with more enthusiasm  than this piece of legislation, the Great American Outdoors Act,  because the entire Nation benefits from it. Whether it be in West  Virginia, Colorado, or Montana, wherever it may be, our outdoor  resources is something that all of my colleagues can enjoy because we  all can visit and enjoy the great American outdoors, if you will.   The strong support for the Great American Outdoors Act is a testament  of the importance of this legislation and what it does. We have never  had a financial recovery, an economic recovery without infrastructure  investments in spending. We don't have a better piece of legislation  that does this. It is a win-win all the way around.   More than 150,000 jobs will be created by this bill. I think every  county in America--I have 55 counties in West Virginia. Every county in  West Virginia, basically, is receiving some sort of help from the LWCF.  We have all been greatly impacted by this.   Today, I want to talk about the impact that the Land and Water  Conservation Fund has had on my home State of West Virginia. To date,  54 of the 55 counties have benefited, as I said, from the Land and  Water Conservation Fund. It is responsible for some of our most  cherished outdoor spaces in West Virginia. In fact, since 1965, $243  million has been spent to enhance recreation and conservation in the  Mountain State alone.   The LWCF has supported projects at Canaan Valley National Wildlife  Refuge, Gauley River National Recreation Area, New River Gorge--and  this is the New River Gorge. This is the New River. If you are in the  eastern part of the United States and you haven't floated on the New  River or the Gauley, you are missing a great opportunity. The scenery  is unbelievable, and floating through the rapids is something special.  To float through there is an experience. I welcome and recommend  everyone to come visit at least once in your life the wild and  wonderful West Virginia on the New River and the Gauley River. The Land  and Water Conservation Fund has also helped towns like Marlinton, WV.  Mayor Sam Felton was able to turn a vacant lot into the Discovery  Junction, a multipurpose community gathering space, with the help of  $86,000 from LWCF.   The fund is also important for our hunting community. Hunting is a  way of life. It is part of our culture. It is a tradition that we all  cherish and value. The Great American Outdoors Act will increase access  to all Federal lands for hunting and fishing all across the country. A  lack of access to Federal inholdings is a problem, and I know this has  frustrated sportsmen for years.   As the Congressman from Montana has said, over 1.5 million acres is  owned in his State by the Federal Government, but all of it doesn't  have access. We are able to provide access now with the funding that it  will take from this legislation.  [[Page S2781]]    Another thing that is very important that has been mentioned, LWCF  does not use one iota of taxpayer dollars. This is basically coming off  of the royalties of our offshore oil and gas revenues.   I want to mention also that we have some of our Senators whom we  tried to accommodate in this piece of legislation. There are a few of  the Senators whom I want to make a public commitment that I will work,  as ranking member on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, to do  everything I can to make sure we understand the needs of the coastal  States and the restoration and protection of our coastal States as it  is impacted by the changing environment. My commitment to them is I  will work diligently with my Southern States and also my Northern  States for all of my coastal States. The Senator from Rhode Island has  my commitment, and the Senator from Louisiana has my commitment. We  will work to make sure they have the needed funds it takes to protect  their coastline and all the work that they have done and all the assets  that they have contributed to our great country and the value, as far  as in their coastal States. We are going to make sure that during the  committee I will do everything I can to make sure we have the proper  hearings and proper attention for the changes that need to be made. We  were unable to put that in this piece of legislation, but I am  committed to help work through that, and I will do that.   Because Federal lands are surrounded by private lands, they can be  essentially inaccessible, and we have to make sure we have access.  Hunting in West Virginia is a time-honored tradition. As I have said, I  have been a hunter my entire life, and I look forward to opening day in  hunting season each year for all different types of game. I also enjoy  fishing immensely. I don't think I have a better day than when I am on  the river or I am in the river walking the streams for the trout that  we have plentiful amounts of. It is something I have handed down to my  children, my son, and my grandson. They all enjoy it. With this bill,  we are going to be able to pass on this legacy.    When you think about spending time in the U.S. Senate, most of us  have been in public life for some time in other aspects. I have been  honored to serve in the State legislature as a member of the house and  member of the State senate, and secretary of state and Governor of my  great State, and now representing them in the U.S. Senate. You want to  leave a legacy, so you keep thinking what can I do that will really  make an impact on future generations. I can't think that there is  anything we can do that is going to be more impactful than what we are  doing today, working on this piece of legislation, the Great American  Outdoors Act, to be able to enjoy the great national parks that we have  throughout this country, to be able to take your family and have a  family outing, and also the history that goes with it and who we are.   If we don't know where we come from, you don't know where you are  going, and the history we have in America is pretty special. Our  national parks represent that. Also, to have the access to the  beautiful outdoors and the wonderful nature that we have with the LWCF  funding, the $900 million a year, that is a legacy I am proud of. I am  proud that my children and my grandchildren and future generations  would say that, hey, part of my family was involved in this. We worked  this hard. We worked together--and to see Democrats and Republicans in  the most troubling time our country has faced in many decades come  together enthusiastically, being able to speak and enjoy being with  each other and talking about how we can get more of our colleagues  involved and having a vote that we had last night, a vote of 80 votes.   I see the Senator from Tennessee who has worked so hard on our  national parks and has one of the most beautiful national parks in his  State that I am proud of. I just can't tell you how much I think this  piece of legislation means to all of us--100 Senators--in this most  challenging time that we have in our country right now.   West Virginia has approximately $62 million in deferred maintenance  just for our little national park areas alone. This includes crumbling  roads, bridges, outdated wastewater plants, electrical systems, and  deteriorating monuments, which I know we are going to be able to start  repairing. On average, 1.6 million visitors enjoy our beautiful  national parks in West Virginia every year. From New River Gorge  National River to Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, visitors to  our national parks generate $73 million from the surrounding  communities. This act, the Great American Outdoors Act, will ensure our  national parks, forests, and other Federal lands are well taken care of  and remain accessible for everyone to enjoy.   West Virginians take great pride in our great outdoor playgrounds. We  invite all of you--all of you--to come to wild and wonderful West  Virginia and enjoy everything we have to offer. We thank you so much. I  thank my staff and the staff of the Energy and Natural Resources  Committee, of which I am the ranking member, for working tirelessly  through the pandemic and through the virus to make sure we are able to  have a piece of legislation that generations of Americans will be able  to enjoy.   I yield the floor.   