 Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate the career of a  remarkable public servant whose accomplishments have left an indelible  mark upon our State and upon our country. Congressman   Rob Bishop has  earned his place among the greats in Utah's political history, and we  thank him for his service.   Rob has dedicated his political career to fighting the tough battles  over issues that matter to the people of my State, from the virtue of  federalism, States' rights, and protecting individual liberty, to  promoting a strong national defense and sound public lands policy. And  fight he did.   Four years ago, Puerto Rico was fast approaching a fiscal cliff when  Rob, as chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee, led a  successful, bipartisan effort to pass a complicated rescue package to  restructure Puerto Rico's debt before it was too late.   While Rob will never rush to take credit or seek the spotlight, his  legislative achievements are enduring and deserve our full praise and  recognition.   His accomplishments manifest closer to home as well. The brave men  and women of our military and civilian workforce at Hill Air Force Base  know Rob as a tremendous advocate and a devoted friend. Through the War  on Terror, improvements and changes in aircraft, and updates to our  nuclear arsenal, Rob has defended our Hill Air Force Base valiantly. At  Dugway Proving Ground in Tooele, his commitment delivered the  completion of an emergency aircraft runway.   Rob's impressive efforts and steady leadership have raised Utah's  profile for our national defense. So, too, has his advocacy for the  Utah Test and Training Range, so it makes sense that this key to our  Nation's military readiness should bear his name. Next Congress, I  intend to introduce a bill to rename it the ``Bishop Utah Test and  Training Range.''   Rare is a man with such professional distinction, intellect, and  personal conviction for the well-being of family, neighbors, and  strangers alike, who carries himself with such humility as Rob. If you  have had the pleasure of being with Rob at a gathering, you know where  to find him at the end of the night--staying behind to help gather the  chairs.   Most of all, Rob is a teacher. From his time as a public school  teacher to his career in public service, one of his highest priorities  has been ensuring that the next generation of young leaders has access  to educational opportunities, not only by securing revenue for public  school as an elected official but also by devoting his time to host  students in the Capitol to teach them about politics, policy, and our  government.   It is an honor to recognize my friend   Rob Bishop as he begins his  next chapter with his wife Jeralynn and their five children and nine  grandchildren. For anyone who has not had the great pleasure of meeting  Rob, you will likely easily recognize him on the street as maybe the  last man in Washington who wears an impeccable three-piece suit.   Thank you, Rob, and good luck.   