 Mr. President, the Senate is going to miss Lamar  Alexander.   Listening to his farewell address right now made the fact that he is  leaving all too real. I don't like to think of a U.S. Senate without  Lamar. He is a Senate institution and a Senate leader, and his leaving  is a loss for this body and for the American people.   Any tribute to Lamar has to mention his incredible career, which a  lot has been alluded to already: his walk across the State of  Tennessee, his 8 years as Tennessee Governor, his time as Secretary of  Education under President George H.W. Bush, his stint as president of  the University of Tennessee system, and his time as a professor at  Harvard.   Then, of course, are his 18 years in the U.S. Senate, marked by  significant legislative accomplishments on everything from education to  opioids.   All that, and he makes a plaid shirt look good, although these days  he has switched to a plaid face mask.   I first met Lamar, like our colleague from Maine, Senator Collins,  mentioned, when he attended a Lincoln Day Dinner in South Dakota in  1995, when he was running for President. I really started to get to  know him a little bit when I came to the Senate in 2005.   Lamar had already been here for a couple of years by that time. Of  course, he already had an extraordinary career behind him. I know I was  not the only young Senator who regarded him as something of a mentor  and a role model.   I share a couple of things with Lamar; one is the fact that we were  both Senate staffers long before we came to the Senate as elected  officials. We weren't here at the same time. He was a little ahead of  me. I came to the Senate the year Howard Baker left, but, like Lamar, I  have great appreciation for the contributions staffers make to the work  that we do around here. I know many of Lamar's staffers are in the  Gallery today. As he leaves, also we lose a tremendous amount of brain  power and talent that has contributed so significantly to the successes  and accomplishments that he has had as a U.S. Senator.   The other is that he and I both have served as chairman of the Senate  Republican conference, which is the messaging and communications office  for Republicans in the Senate. I succeeded Lamar as chairman of the  Senate Republican conference in 2012. I will tell you, he is a very  tough act to follow but an inspiring one because he did such a  tremendous job in leading our messaging in the conference.   Lamar has an ability to break down complex subjects and communicate  them clearly. He can sum up an issue in one succinct phrase. He  mentioned earlier, in his remarks, the idea that there ought to be one  column, one idea; one speech, one idea. He really did master that.   I can recall his summary when we were talking a lot about the energy  issue: We need to ``find more and use less.'' That is about as clear a  summary of our energy priorities as you can get   Many of us used a phrase he popularized around here, too, in  describing policies of the other side that we thought would be harmful  to the economy as casting a big wet blanket over the economy. I don't  know how many times you heard that coming out of our mouths, but it all  originated with Lamar Alexander.   I think that ability to really break down complex issues and clearly  explain them is one of the reasons he was such a good conference  chairman and one of the reasons he has been so successful  legislatively.   And he has been successful legislatively. You already heard a number  of my colleagues talk about his many successes. Yet he has managed to  get things passed around here that I don't think anyone thought could  get passed, particularly in the polarized political environment that we  have been in.   But Lamar has an ability to bring people together from across the  aisle. You heard our colleagues on both sides speak to that. He is very  practical about the business of legislating. He focuses on what is  actually possible to do and he finds the common ground and he gets  things done.   You have heard of the America COMPETES Act, the Every Student  Succeeds Act, the 21st Centuries Cures  [[Page S7151]]  Act, the Opioids Crisis Response Act, the Copyright Act, the Great  American Outdoors Act. I could go on and on. Those, ladies and  gentlemen, are major, major pieces of legislation, tremendous  accomplishments of the Congress by the U.S. Senate, signed into law by  the President, all of which couldn't have happened without the  leadership of Lamar Alexander.   He has held multiple leadership positions in the Senate: chairman of  the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee and, as I said,  Senate Republican conference chairman, but he has always been a leader,  whether or not in an official leadership position or simply by virtue  of who he is.   As I said before, Lamar has been a mentor and role model to me and I  know to many others here in the Senate.   But I also have to mention his personal warmth and hospitality to me  and my wife when our daughter was studying at Belmont University in  Nashville, TN. He and his wife Honey opened their home to us in  Nashville. They hosted us. I am fortunate to be among those he  mentioned were at their place in the Smokies, which was a fabulous  experience. They took us to a Tennessee Titans game. They went above  and beyond. And to this day, we are grateful for their warmth and  generosity and for a chance to see Lamar in his element in his beloved  Tennessee.   Lamar has dedicated much of his life to his State, his country, and  nobody could be more deserving of retirement.   I will be surprised if he ever fully retires. I am pretty sure, even  while sitting on his porch, he is still going to be dreaming up ways to  make our country better.   Lamar, thank you for your leadership and for your mentorship. Thank  you for being a role model to so many of us. May God bless you in your  retirement. I will miss you.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler) and the Senator from Arizona (Ms.  McSally).     The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler) and the Senator from Arizona (Ms.  McSally).     Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, at 2 p.m., the Chair lay  before the Senate a certificate of election from the State of Arizona.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  call be waived.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler) and the Senator from Arizona (Ms.  McSally).     The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler).     The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler).   