 Mr. Speaker, I thank the kind gentleman from Texas for  yielding. And it was easier dealing with the south end than the north  end of the horse, and the stuff that comes out was easier to wash off.   I am sure I am like you. I get a lot of people who call me,  especially in the last week. Here is a message a good friend of mine  sent.   My 85-year old mother, who is always very calm and nice, last night  looked at me and said: You need to call your Congressman. You need to  call him and ask him what we can do. We have to do something to stop  these ``idiots'' for tearing down statues and burning the flag. Patty,  his wife, jumped and said: Yeah, what can we do? I was at a loss for  words. What can we do? Just spinning a little bit.   My response to him was these people will be arrested. They will be  charged, and they will have to pay the fines for damaging that  property.   And being a Christian, as I know you are, Louie, this, too, shall  pass. We have to have the faith that this country will live beyond us.   And, I have had the privilege of being chairman of the Asia Pacific  Subcommittee last Congress, and I am the ranking member this Congress,  which means you are the lead Republican. And we have dealt with the  Asia Pacific theater.   We have dealt with Hong Kong, and we all know Hong Kong is a province  of China. There was an agreement in 1997, for 50 years Hong Kong was  supposed to be ruled as a semiautonomous region and an independent  judiciary. Well, 23 years into that, Xi Jinping has said, as far as he  is concerned, that is null and void.   So they are basically putting Chinese Communist Party rules in Hong  Kong, and so the students are rioting--not just the students, 25  percent of the population, from babies with their mothers and dads to  grandparents. Twenty-five percent, 2 million people are out in the  streets.   Do you know why? Because they have had liberty and freedom. That is  the only thing they have ever known. The Chinese Communist Party cannot  tolerate liberty and freedom because it scares them.   And so these people have a very strong need to protest, but they  don't have the ability to protest because, if you protest over there,  you are going to prison, you are being picked up.   I mean, we are going to have a hearing next week, and we are hearing  how the police picked these people up and the things that they do to  them, and some of those people never will be heard from again.   Yet, in our country, we are so blessed with the liberties and  freedoms that I wonder sometimes, and I know, myself, I am guilty of  this, sometimes I take those liberties and freedoms for granted. But I  tell you what, at times like this, this is not a time to take these for  granted. We need to thank every  [[Page H2511]]  servicemember currently serving, our law enforcement, first responders  for the liberties and freedoms that we can experience every day. And  that posterity of past generations has passed that on to us.   And I was going to go down to the statue today, but unfortunately  votes got in, and we didn't get out of here until almost 8:30.   The Emancipation Statue, when you know the story of that, it is  unconscionable that anybody would want to tear that down, regardless of  your political beliefs.    I want to read something, and I want to put this in perspective, and  I want the people that are out there protesting--and absolutely, you  have a right to protest, and what happened to George Floyd should not  happen to any American, I don't care what the color of your skin is.  That should not happen to anybody. But this quote that I want to read,  I think, puts things very much in perspective.   It says: ``The lesson taught at this point by human experience is  simply this, that the man who will get up will be helped up; and the  man who will not get up will be allowed to stay down . . . Personal  independence is a virtue and it is the soul out of which comes the  sturdiest manhood. But there can be no independence without a large  share of self-dependence, and this virtue cannot be bestowed. It must  be developed from within.'' And I am going to add, in a country that  honors liberties and freedoms and your constitutional rights.   That was spoken by this gentleman right here, Mr. Frederick Douglass,  in the 1800s. Frederick Douglass, born into slavery, rose himself out  of that, educated himself to read, went through slavery, the Civil War,  and he said this when he was there with President Lincoln, or at the  dedication of the Emancipation Statue.   I think there is a lot to be learned from these people who are out  there. And I don't want to say they are ignorant in a dumb way, but  they are ignorant in either not recognizing their history or ignoring  it. There is not a big difference. They should learn from the past.  They should learn from a man who was there.   I thank the gentleman for allowing me to be here, and I truly will  miss you as one of the Members of Congress. God bless you.   