 Madam President, just a little reflection on Tom Udall  and working together on the Indian Affairs Committee that I chaired,  and he was the ranking member. I will tell you that I will miss my  friend Tom Udall.   Bobbi and I will miss your life partner Jill as well. We are so  grateful for your friendship and your leadership in this body.   When Senator Udall started today on the floor, he mentioned that he  was a son of the West and mentioned that it is something that runs in  the family. Madam President, Tom's father, Stewart Udall, was Secretary  of the Interior of the United States. If you go to the Interior  Department office, you will see it is the Udall name on the building  because of this ongoing commitment and love that the Senator has spoken  about today.   What many don't know is the relationship between Wyoming and the  Udall family. It was Stewart Udall, Secretary of the Interior, who came  to Wyoming with a young President a number of years ago. That President  was John F. Kennedy. It was September of 1963.   I went back to the archives at the University of Wyoming and found  photos of Tom's dad and the President at the time, John Kennedy, and a  number of Wyoming leaders at the time. I gave copies to Tom and to Jill  to share the bond of our States.   It would surprise many, I think, in this body to know that I have a  picture, actually, of John Kennedy hanging in my office up in the  Dirksen Office Building--John Kennedy addressing the crowd at the  University of Wyoming Arena-Auditorium in September of 1963.   As Tom this morning talked about conservation, John Kennedy talked of  conservation that very day that he gave that speech with your father on  the stage, together so many years ago. At the time, John Kennedy talked  of the living balance between man's actions and nature's reaction to it  and the living balance that must exist.   So, today, I come and thank my friend for his stewardship, for his  leadership, and for his friendship, and I say this with a great deal of  appreciation and admiration and respect.   I yield the floor.   