 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me  the time and for her leadership and willingness to give time on this  very important bill.   I thank my colleagues, Congressman Greg Murphy and Congressman Mark  Meadows, for advancing this bill. I remember how well-connected they  were to Walter B. Jones, Jr.--both of them--and I thank them for this  legislation.   It is my honor to join with Congressman Greg Murphy in cosponsoring  this legislation, and so I support H.R. 5037.   Congressman Walter B. Jones, Jr., was a devoted man of great faith.  He was my personal friend, Mr. Speaker, for more than 40 years.   My colleagues will recall that, as Walter was beginning to decline in  health, he was unable to come to the floor to have the oath of office  administered to him, and Walter asked that I come to his home. The  Speaker of the House authorized me to do so, and I went to his living  room that day and administered the final oath of office to him. He was  so appreciative, and we had a wonderful conversation that I shall never  ever forget.   Walter Jones was a lifetime public servant, serving in the National  Guard for 4 years, in our general assembly for 10 years, and here in  Congress for 24 long years as Representative of the Third Congressional  District.   Since I joined Congress in 2004, I watched Walter cast many difficult  votes with conviction. I would sit right here to my left, and Walter  would come by and, in his own way, he would say, ``Mr. Chairman,'' and  we would have a wonderful laugh about that. But he would stand firm in  what he believed was right for his constituents and the American  people.   Although Walter is no longer with us, he left an indelible mark on  eastern North Carolina. He left a mark on this House and the Nation.  Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to join me in honoring Walter  Jones.   I was particularly moved that so many of our colleagues traveled by  military aircraft as we went to his funeral that day. The Speaker of  the House authorized the airplane, and we flew down to Greenville that  day.   The airplane was full of colleagues in a bipartisan manner. Democrats  and Republicans both attended the funeral. And it was bicameral. You  may remember that Senator Byrne and Senator Tillis were there as well.   So I thank them very much for honoring this great man.   And to the Jones family, to Joe Ann and Ashley, may God bless you,  and may we keep the memory of Walter B. Jones, Jr., alive.   