 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, school segregation is inseparable from  housing and the persistence of segregated communities, communities  segregated by race largely due to decades of purposeful law and policy  that supported White homeownership while denying people of color the  same subsidies, things like the ways that Black World War II veterans  were denied the use of GI Bill-guaranteed mortgages in suburban  neighborhoods; purposeful policies and restrictive covenants allowing  open and rampant discrimination in lending and homeownership; and  policies like redlining that robbed Black and Brown Americans of access  to public resources to grow wealth and opportunity--all of these things  embodied, I think most clearly, by the underfunding of neighborhood  schools serving communities of color that were on the wrong side of the  red line. These purposeful policies, housing policies, created  tremendous inequities in education.   Now, some of my colleagues across the aisle claim that the underlying  bill ignores the opportunity, the issue, of school choice. Well, my  amendment brings these two things together. This amendment makes it  clear that, where school choice supports diversity, it should be  encouraged. And, indeed, there are great examples of this across the  country.   Public school choice is the most effective means of achieving racial  and socioeconomic integration in K-12 education in diverse schools  across the country today, supporting parents to enroll their children  beyond their neighborhood schools.   Public school choice did not exist in 1954. It did not exist in 1968.  It did not exist at scale in the 1990s, but it does today. The problem  is just that, all too often, school choice policies ignore the pressing  issue of segregation by housing.   When school choice is not intentional, it can serve to exacerbate  inequity instead of remedying it. This has been confirmed by decades of  research here in the U.S. and across the world.  [[Page H4413]]    Many school choice systems are overly complex, parents aren't  supported, and, too often, only the wealthy and well-connected take  advantage of open enrollment policies.   My amendment would support school districts in using public school  choice to improve school diversity and, in turn, equity of opportunity.  This commonsense amendment would ensure that districts receiving grants  can use the funds to design or improve public school choice systems,  while prioritizing diversity in school assignment, and make them easier  for parents to navigate. These all should be bipartisan priorities.   We have more public school choice now than we ever had before, yet  our schools are more segregated by race and class than at any time  since the 1960s. But it doesn't have to be this way.   My amendment, a relatively small change, would make a big difference  because it would say that the use of public school choice policies,  like open enrollment across and between districts, that match parent  choice with purposeful diversity planning can be used successfully to  accomplish all of these goals.   It is time we support school districts in using responsible public  school choice as a tool to achieve equity of opportunity, a fundamental  right in our Constitution.   When public school choice controls for diversity in school  assignment, we see not only improved diversity of the student body, but  also resource equity among schools, higher parent and teacher  satisfaction, and increased achievement for all students.   I urge my colleagues to stand with me in supporting the use of public  school choice to decrease racial and socioeconomic school segregation,  and I urge a bipartisan ``yes'' vote on my amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from North  Carolina for her support and for understanding that, yes, this is not  perhaps the sweeping change that we would all like to see to fix these  truly historic inequities in our education system, but it is an  important step in the right direction.   And there are great examples across the county of school systems that  have been able to use public school choice in positive ways to improve  educational opportunities for all. It is simple common sense that  access to these programs should be simple, it should be easy to  navigate, and these programs should not effectively discriminate  against certain families that do not have access to all the information  or wealth or other opportunities to navigate them successfully.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my Republican colleagues for their support on  this amendment, and I particularly want to thank the leaders of this  committee, Chairman Scott and Representative Fudge, for continuing to  push to recognize the fundamental values of our country and our  education system. That opportunity should be equal for all, that  education should be the great equalizer because, if we can do that, we  will live up to our Founders' ideals.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   