 Mr. President, I want to concur with what Senator  Schumer said. What he said goes beyond economics. It goes beyond the  desperation that tens of millions of working families are facing. It  goes beyond the struggles of the people of Vermont or Kentucky.   Let me just make it clear for the majority leader that 10 out of the  poorest 25 counties in the United States of America are located in  Kentucky. So my colleague the majority leader might want to get on the  phone and start talking to working families in Kentucky and find out  how they feel about the need for immediate help in terms of a $2,000  check per adult. I have the strong feeling that the people of Kentucky  will respond no differently than the people of Vermont or New York. The  last poll that I saw had 78 percent of the American people saying they  wanted and needed that type of help.   This discussion, frankly, is not just about the economic struggling  of working families in this country. It is not just about the massive  levels of income and wealth inequality. It is about basic democracy.   Now, what we have to do here on the floor, whether it is Senator  Schumer or Senator McConnell or I, is to talk in legalese. That is the  language of the U.S. Senate. The stuff sounds pretty complicated to the  average person, but all that Senator Schumer and I are asking of the  majority leader is very simple: Allow the Members of the U.S. Senate to  cast a vote. If you want to  [[Page S7974]]  vote against $2,000 checks for people in your State, vote against it. I  see Senator Toomey here. He has been clear about it. I suspect he will  vote against it. I respect his opinion, but all that we are asking for  is a vote. What is the problem? In the House, over two-thirds of the  Members of that body, including 44 Republicans, voted to say, in this  time of economic desperation, working families deserve help, and they  deserve a $2,000 check.   As Senator Schumer just indicated, we have a very unlikely ally in  President Trump. Nobody here has disagreed with Trump more times than I  have; yet here is what the leader of the Republican Party writes:  ``$2000 ASAP!'' So, even on this issue, amazingly enough, the President  of the United States is right.   What all of this comes down to, my fellow Americans, is not even  whether you agree with Senator Schumer and myself and 78 percent of the  American people or whether you agree with Senator McConnell and, I  suspect, Senator Toomey. That is fine. It is called democracy. We have  differences of opinion. All that I am asking is to give us a vote. What  is the problem? Allow the U.S. Senators to cast a vote as to whether  they are for the $2,000 check or whether they are against it.   We will need, as I understand it, 60 votes to win. That is a big  hurdle. I don't know that we are going to win. There are a number of  Republicans, to their credit, who have said they are ready to vote for  it. I suspect there may be more, when given the opportunity, who will  vote for it. Maybe I am wrong. Maybe we will lose. I think that would  be unfortunate. All that I am asking for right now is to give us the  opportunity to vote. What is the problem with that?   I will now go to Senate legalese.   I ask unanimous consent that at 11:30 a.m. on Thursday, December 31,  the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 9051, a bill  to provide a $2,000 direct payment to the working class; that the bill  be considered read a third time; and that the Senate vote on the  passage of the bill, without intervening action or debate; further,  that if passed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table; further, that immediately following the vote on H.R.  9051, the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of the veto  message on H.R. 6395 and that the Senate immediately vote on the  passage of the bill, the objections of the President to the contrary  notwithstanding, with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, let me concur with my friend from  Illinois on the issue.   I have a question for my colleague from Texas. It is a very simple  question. You have concerns about the issue of corporate liability. I  get that. I happen not to agree with you. You are entitled to your  opinion. You may or may not be concerned about section 230 of the 1996  Federal telecommunications bill. That is fine too. We might have a  discussion about how we protect American democracy. It is a good  discussion as well. But I have a strong feeling, Senator Cornyn, that  in Texas, as in Vermont--you know what--people are not really talking  about corporate liability. It is a good issue. It is an important  issue. I don't believe they are talking about section 230. What I think  they are talking about, as the Senator from Illinois just said, is how  they are going to feed their kids today. That is the issue. And what I  would ask my friend from Texas is, What is your problem with allowing  the Senate to vote on whether or not we are going to allow Americans,  working-class people to get a $2,000 check?   Now I gather that when that vote comes to the floor--and I hope it  comes  [[Page S7977]]  immediately--you will vote no, and you will explain to the people of  Texas why you voted that way. That is called democracy. I respect that.  But what is your problem with allowing the Senate to have a free  standing vote?   There are a number of people on your side, Republicans, who have  already come forward and said yes, they want to vote for this $2,000  check.   Now, if you want to deal with corporate liability, that is fine.  Let's deal with it at some point. Bring forward a bill, and we can vote  on it up or down. All that we are asking for is a simple, up-or-down  vote on the issue that tens of millions of people are talking about  right now: Will they survive economically in the midst of this terrible  pandemic?   I ask my colleague from Texas: What is the problem with allowing the  U.S. Senate to vote on the bill passed by the House?   I yield to my colleague from Texas.    Mr. President, if you listened carefully, you understood  that my friend from Texas did not answer my question. He has a concern  about corporate liability. It is a legitimate debate. Do you know what?  Bring it to the floor. Let's vote it up or down. I will vote against  it. You will vote for it. But I asked you a very simple question, not  about linking things together--nobody in the real world understands  that stuff. That is inside-the-beltway stuff.   What people in the real world know--and I want to take a moment to  read some of these statements. We have a lot of people on our social  media, and we asked the American people, just the other day: Tell me;  what would a $2,000 check mean to you? What is going on in your life?   And in just over 24 hours, I would say to my friend from Texas,  nearly 6,000 people responded. Here is just what a few of them had to  say. This is Twitter stuff. So I don't have their names here, and I  wouldn't use them publicly, anyhow. But this is what they say.   One person writes: ``$2,000 is the difference between keeping our  apartment and being evicted.'' Here is another one: ``$2,000 means I  can afford to feed my three kids.'' Another response: ``It would mean  not having to choose between rent and groceries and not having to  ration my partner's meds.'' Another response: ``I am raising my  grandson with medical needs. I am $4,000 behind on utilities. We need  electricity to run his medical equipment.'' Here is another response:  ``$2,000 would mean I wouldn't have to worry about making my mortgage  payment this month, and I could get my medication.'' Another response:  ``$2,000 would mean paying my rent and getting lifesaving treatment  because I can't afford the $50 copay through my work insurance just to  see my neurologist right now''--and on and on and on. Thousands of  people responded.   So, I want to get back to the point. I want to again say to my friend  from Texas: If you have a concern about corporate liability--good  issue--bring it to the floor. Let's vote on corporate liability.   I would yield for a question from my friend from Illinois.    That is my understanding. And I think, you know, as  Republicans do, they are going to let it be.   But I get back to my friend--my friend from Texas, Senator Cornyn. We  are asking a simple question. If you want to bring up corporate  liability, bring it up. If you want to bring up section 230, bring it  up. If you want to bring up the man in the Moon, bring it up. But what  the American people want now is an up-or-down vote.   Look, you are going to vote against it if it comes to the floor. That  is fine. It is your right. Explain it to the people of Texas. I will  vote for it. But all that I am asking for is the right, as a U.S.  Senator, to have the vote.   Again I ask you: What is your problem with Members of the U.S.  Senate, including a number of Republicans, who have already indicated  they would like to vote for this? What is your problem with bringing  that up as a single stand-alone bill, not merged with corporate  liability or anything else? What is your problem with that?    Then vote against it.    That is a good question. And then I will have to explain  that to the people of the State of Vermont.    He asked me a question, as I understood it.    Did the Senator from Texas ask me a question?    I took you literally.   