 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel for his  leadership for human rights on this issue and on so many issues as the  leader of our committee, and for the very strong words that he just  delivered on this important legislation, the Hong Kong People's Freedom  and Choice Act.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the bipartisan sponsors, Representatives  Kinzinger, Castro, and Curtis. I want to thank Ranking Member McCaul  and leadership on both sides of the aisle for making the issue of Hong  Kong and our efforts to provide safe haven for its people a bipartisan  issue.   As the gentleman mentioned, the China Task Force that he chaired,  recommended an approach very similar to the one that we will be  embracing here today. I think the reason why we are united on this  issue is that, although we may sometimes use different language, we do  have a common understanding of the challenge that the United States  faces with respect to China.   We understand that we are in a contest, not with China the country,  not with the Chinese people, but with the Chinese Government, the  Chinese Communist Party. It is a contest of ideas and ideals. It is  about the most fundamental questions: how the world should be  organized, whether there are any rules that apply to the most powerful  nations and the most powerful governments, or whether those nations and  governments can impose their will on anyone as they choose; a contest  between democracy and kleptocracy.   It is a contest that we win, in my view, by remembering what we stand  for as a country, by staying true to that, by winning allies to that,  by rallying hearts and minds around the world to that.   So with that in mind, I would like to make just two points that are  relevant to this bill.   Number one, Hong Kong is very important to this contest. It is a city  on the front lines, geographically and morally, just like Berlin was  during the Cold War. It is a place where the Chinese Government made a  promise to respect the autonomy of Hong Kong, to respect the freedom of  speech, the freedom of assembly, the rule of law that people enjoyed  there.   China, today, is plainly breaking those promises, and by breaking  them, it is testing us, because those promises were made not just to  the people of Hong Kong but to the United States and to the  international community. It is testing to see whether we will do  something; and, therefore, we must.   The second point I will make is that we know something as a country  about how to win a contest like this because we waged one during the  Cold War. We have learned lessons about what to do and what not to do,  and one of those lessons is that the best way to win against a  dictatorship is to pit the strength of our system against the weakness  of theirs, to hold up the glaring contrast between our free, open, and  self-confident democracy, against the weakness of the oppressive,  closed, and fearful system that the Communist Party has imposed on the  Chinese people, including, now, in Hong Kong.   One way we do that is by self-confidently opening our doors. That is  what we did during the Cold War.   Hundreds of thousands of people from the former Soviet Union,  including 400,000 religious refugees from the former Soviet Union  itself and many, many more from Hungary, Poland--my family, for  example--Czechoslovakia, and others, came to the United States over the  decades. Yes, they were dissidents. Sometimes they were protestors;  sometimes they were political; but mostly, they were the people with  open and inquiring minds, the risk-takers, the entrepreneurs, the  scientists, the artists, and the best and brightest.    And the Soviet bloc's loss was our gain. They made us stronger, and  their success here was a constant reproach to the Communist regimes  that they left behind, a constant reminder to the people still trapped  behind the Iron Curtain, that there is a better way to live than in a  dictatorship.   So that is what we are doing in this bill. We are saying that we are  willing to provide temporary refuge to Hong Kongers who are already in  the United States, to expedite processing of refugee applications for  Hong Kongers fleeing persecution. We call for a strategy to work with  our allies, because the United States, obviously, cannot do this by  itself, but we can lead this effort.   We are saying, by passing this legislation, something very, very  important to the Chinese Government. We are saying: If you crush Hong  Kong, you will lose its best and brightest citizens, the people  responsible for its vitality, but we will let them come to the United  States and contribute to our vitality instead.   So it is a humanitarian gesture, but it is actually much more than a  humanitarian gesture. It is one of the best ways we have to deter China  from crushing Hong Kong. The Chinese Government understands perfectly  well that this is a threat.   When the United Kingdom offered asylum and citizenship to Hong  [[Page H6876]]  Kongers earlier this year, they said it was a gross interference, and  they condemned it.    Mr. Speaker, they condemned Canada for doing exactly  the same thing a few months ago.   I don't believe they expect us to do it. They surely expect us to  condemn them. They surely expect us to slap a few sanctions on their  leadership, as the State Department did today, which I am fine with.  But they do not expect us to use the strength of our society against  the weakness of theirs by opening our doors to Hong Kongers fleeing  persecution, giving them that option that is being denied to them in  Hong Kong itself.   So let's stand by the brave people of Hong Kong. Let's make the  Chinese Communist Party uncomfortable, as this sure will, and let's do  it in the best traditions of America's openness to people seeking  freedom from oppression around the world.   