 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey for all  the wonderful work that she has done on this appropriation bill, a very  balanced bill that she has done, and I want to thank Kay Granger and  also Mr. Calvert for the work that they have done, even though we do  have a disagreement. Let me talk about the wall.   With all due respect, I always get a kick out of people who don't  live close to the border, they might live about 1,000 miles away from  the border, but they are the first ones who would tell us what we need  to have at our border, in our own backyard.   Earlier this month, President AMLO from Mexico was at a press  conference with President Trump. President Trump had said we need a  wall, and we are going to have Mexico pay. I did not hear the President  say: Where is that check to pay for the wall?   So what is happening is, the master dealmaker is now asking the U.S.  taxpayers to pay for this wall after he promised that Mexico would pay  for this wall.   Again, the taxpayers are paying for this. We are taking money away  from the defense. We are taking money away from military construction.  And we are taking money away from other places to pay for that 14th  century solution called a wall.   I will tell you where we are on the wall. After 3 years, we only have  3 miles--and I emphasize 3 miles--of new wall. Everything else is  replacement. Everything else is double wall--only 3 miles of new  fencing that we have had.   Again, if you look at it, and I think you have seen some of the  videos, the wall is falling apart. It is falling apart. Again, why are  we spending billions of dollars to build this wall when it is falling  apart?   If you ask every Border Patrol chief, including the Border Patrol  chief under President Trump, if you ask him, ``How much time does the  wall buy you?'' they say, ``A few seconds or a few minutes, depending  on who wants to cross over.''   So why are we spending billions of dollars to stop this? I have asked  the experts on the border, which is Border Patrol: Do we need a wall? I  always ask this question: Is it post-2012, or pre-2012? Because before  2012, the Border Patrol agents were saying that the wall was  ineffective and a waste of taxpayers' dollars itself.   Now, there are two main reasons why people called for the wall. One  is to stop people coming in illegally, and the other is to stop drugs.   Let me talk about people coming in illegally. If you look at it, the  last 7 consecutive years, visa overstays exceeded illegal border  crossings. If you look at the last 2016-2017 numbers that we have, visa  overstays accounted for 62 percent of the newly undocumented immigrants  that we had.   If you look at the number one violators, with due respect to our  Canadians, it is Canadians that are the number one violators of these  visa overstays. So it is not people coming from the south, but it is  visa overstays.   I dare you to say that we need a wall on the northern border. I dare  any of you all to say that, and I bet nobody is going to say that.  [[Page H4138]]    If you want to stop folks from coming in, look at visa overstays.  Sixty-two percent of the undocumented immigrants that we have are visa  overstays.   Now, the other reason is drugs. Drugs, we have to stop the drugs. If  you look at the official numbers from CBP, you will see that in FY19,  just last year, 89 percent of the cocaine coming into the United States  came up through bridges, our bridges. Only 11 percent came through in- between bridges.   If you look at heroin, 84 percent of the heroin that came into the  United States came in through our bridges, and then the rest came in  in-between.   If you talk about fentanyl, and I have heard so many people talk  about fentanyl, 92 percent of all the fentanyl coming into the United  States comes through our bridges, and only 8 percent in-between itself.   If you talk about meth, 81 percent of all the meth coming into the  United States comes through our bridges.   Again, I want to stop drugs. I want to stop illegal migration. But we  have to make sure that we look at this the right way.   Finally, let me say, I believe in private property rights. Why is it  that we have forgotten about private property rights for all of those  people who live along the border?   Imagine if you had land there for generations and then here comes the  big bad Federal Government to take the land away. We have to protect  the environment, private property rights, and if you want to stop drugs  and people coming in, let's do it the right way. So again, I believe in  law and order, but we have to do it the right way.   