 Mr. President, there has been a lot of talk on this floor  about border security in recent years. It is amazing how much of what  is said resembles what was said a quarter century ago. I am equally  amazed by how the politics of border security have changed over that  time period.   Earlier this week--it has been widely publicized--President Trump  visited  [[Page S3188]]  Yuma, AZ, to highlight the continued need for border security. Now, as  someone who has actually had firsthand experience with border security,  I thought I would say a few words as well.   As a U.S. marine in the 1990s, I spent months in a desolate,  forbidding stretch of desert--my apologies to Arizonans--that was a  stone's throw away from Yuma, AZ, the same place where these Border  Patrol agents stand. Now, my marines and I were part of an unmanned  aerial vehicle unit. We worked with Border Patrol agents, like these  gentleman, and we were charged with patrolling the border in the Yuma  Sector. They were on the ground. We flew drone missions to help them  collect intelligence. It is a dangerous area with heavy narcotics and  human trafficking.   While there, I saw the need for greater border security. Now,  uniquely, among the military services--and I know our Presiding Officer  had a distinguished career in the U.S. Army--the Marines are charged,  by statute, with tackling whatever mission, however daunting, the  President requests of us. In fact, in 1834, Congress passed a statute  right on point, indicating, under the law, that the Marines would  ``conduct such other duties as the President or Department of Defense  may direct''--pretty broad. It is pretty broad language. When in doubt,  send in the Marines, I guess.   Well, our unit's mission--not glamourous, but important then and  important now--was to help make the border more secure. It is a  critical mission, which remained a priority under Presidents Clinton  and Bush.   Later, a physical barrier was placed in the Yuma Sector. It was years  after I left Active Duty. Trafficking decreased over roughly a decade's  time period by 95 percent after that physical barrier was erected. It  shouldn't be controversial. It is not ideological. This is just  factual. We know walls work when properly and intelligently placed.   Now, historically, there has been a bipartisan consensus around the  idea that we not only put boots on the ground to protect the border but  we also must invest in technology to secure our border, including  physical barriers where they are required. The President was absolutely  right years ago when he brought up this issue. He was right this week  in Yuma, AZ. He is right today, and he will be right tomorrow as he  continues to emphasize this issue. We must address this situation that  is taking place along our southern border. We mustn't lose our resolve.   There are illegal crossings and smugglers who are trafficking drugs  and people that have created a horrific humanitarian crisis and an  ongoing national security threat. Don't take it from me. According to  the United Nations Missing Migrants Project, more than 2,400 migrants  have died near the United States-Mexico border since 2014--2,400  migrants over a fairly short time period. This includes 497 deaths last  year. That is a 26-percent increase from the year prior. This is a true  humanitarian crisis today. It is also a national security threat.   In addition to migrants fleeing Central America, it is possible that  foreign terrorist organizations could penetrate this porous border. So  border security and the safety of Americans has long been and should  remain a priority of all Republicans and Democrats, especially those  who serve here at the Federal level.   President Trump is not the first President--underscore ``not the  first President''--to understand this or to emphasize this issue. When  I was serving in Arizona as a marine, President Clinton was our  Nation's Commander in Chief. During a 1993 press conference, President  Bill Clinton touted increasing the number of Border Patrol agents and  working to supply them with the best possible equipment and technology.  He repeated this message on multiple occasions. Then, during his 1995  State of the Union address, President Clinton said: ``Our  administration has moved aggressively to secure our borders more by  hiring a record number of new border guards.'' President Clinton  understood this, and he wasn't the last Democrat to prioritize border  security.   President Obama, too, understood its importance. You see, we forget  this. It is amazing how quickly we forget. Under the Obama  administration, a surge of additional Border Patrol agents and  resources were provided to secure the southwest border and to prevent  illegal crossings. In fact, this may be uncomfortable for some, but  President Obama was often called the ``deporter in chief'' during his  Presidency, with roughly 3 million people deported under the Obama  administration. Again, border security should not be a partisan issue.   Historically, both sides of the aisle have agreed that the  humanitarian and security issues at our southern border must be  addressed, so it is time for Democrats to partner with Senate  Republicans and President Trump to secure the border and to put  Americans first.   If we resolve to work together on a sensible solution to this  crisis--and I resolve to--the result will be safer border towns, more  jobs for American workers, fewer strains on limited government  resources, and a deterrent to foreign nationals coming to America  illegally and putting themselves and others at great risk.   So the Senate cannot lose its nerve when it comes to the rule of law  in addressing border security. This is one area where we cannot just  send in the Marines. We own this. This body owns this. Every U.S.  Senator owns this issue, so we, the U.S. Senate, must work  collectively. We must come together on this and work with our President  to keep America safe and secure.   