 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the CARES  Act provides an additional $600 per week to those who are receiving,  through their States, unemployment insurance. In Wyoming we have a  generous unemployment insurance program to help people who are out of  work, and the CARES Act adds to that, essentially, a bonus payment of  $600 additional per week. For a 40-hour workweek, that comes down to an  average of about a $15-an-hour bonus for not being able to go back to  work, and that is on top of their regular unemployment benefits.   Well, since the CARES Act has passed, what we have seen is that this  additional $600 per week means that most recipients are paid more for  not working than they would make if they actually were on the job  working. This fact has been confirmed by news reports, by academic  researchers, and by the Congressional Budget Office.   Even former Obama administration Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner,  along with President Obama's Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers,  agrees that $600 per week on top of unemployment insurance through the  States is too much.   We have ``help wanted'' signs all around my State. I talked to the  people at unemployment insurance, who run the program. They tell me  that they are having many people who are getting paid much more than if  they would work, if they would take the jobs where you have employers  out there hoping, looking for employees to come and work.   You can't continue to pay people more to not work than to work. Yet  instead of trying to address this identifiable and correctible problem,  today my colleagues are asking that we vote to extend the $600-per-week  bonus payments and continue these untargeted payments for many months  into the future.   As a matter of fact, Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the House, living on  Fantasy Island, wants to extend these for 6 more months, all the way  until the end of January. The CBO and other researchers and economists  have looked at this and said this would be a heavy wet blanket on the  economy. It would prevent 10 million people from going back to work-- going all the way until the end of January.   It is likely that such a proposal would cost $1 trillion--$1  trillion--and much of that is we are talking about paying people to not  work instead of helping people work.   So I hope my colleagues will join me in better targeting help to the  unemployed in a way that doesn't pay people more when they are sitting  at home not working than they would make at work.   We are working on a plan now to provide additional help for the  unemployed if they can't go back to work because their job isn't there,  isn't available; if, for health purposes, they can't go back to work;  but do it in a way that the Democrats have claimed that they want to do  but haven't even proposed. We need to make it much more closely aligned  with lost wages.   So we are going to be introducing this plan shortly, and I hope my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle will engage with us in that  effort.   For these reasons, I object.   