 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able to  conclude my remarks and that the Senator from Minnesota be able to  conclude her remarks prior to the vote.    Mr. President, this summer, Senator Smith and I introduced  the Impact Aid Coronavirus Relief Act. If enacted, this bill would  provide much needed relief to school districts participating in the  Impact Aid Program. And given the many other  [[Page S6660]]  strains they are feeling due to the ongoing pandemic, it can't come  soon enough.   By way of background, public school districts on military  installations, Tribal land, and other Federal public property, or with  students living on these Federal properties, can participate in the  Impact Aid Program, which includes nearly 40 school districts in the  State of South Dakota.   This program is of vital importance to the financial well-being of  these schools, as it reimburses them for revenue shortfalls due to the  reduction or absence of a local tax base because of the presence of  Federal property   In order to determine grant awards through this program, school  districts must annually calculate the number of federally connected  students that they have enrolled. While generally a prudent exercise,  during a pandemic, conducting this type of count has presented a new  set of challenges for administrators.   The Impact Aid Coronavirus Relief Act is a commonsense, bipartisan  approach that would not cost a dime yet would provide financial  stability to school districts by allowing them to use last year's  student headcounts on impact aid applications that they are completing  this fall. Doing so would prevent the reporting of noticeable, but  likely temporary, declines in student enrollment, which would lead to  student reduced impact aid payments next year.   Distance learning has made collecting student data more challenging  as well. Districts are also experiencing declines in student headcount  due to parents choosing to temporarily homeschool their children during  the pandemic.   Unless Congress allows these school districts to use last year's  student headcounts on this year's impact aid applications, schools will  have the undue burden of collecting this data during an otherwise  challenging time and could very well experience a reduced impact aid  payment next fall. Our legislation will ensure that they have certainty  in the near term.   A companion of our bill passed the House by unanimous consent on  October 2, and impact aid school districts are eager for the Senate to  do the same. I hope we can get that done today.   I yield to the Senator from Minnesota for some comments.    I thank the Senator from Minnesota.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 8472,  which was received from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Braun),  the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Idaho  (Mr. Risch), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan), and the Senator  from Indiana (Mr. Young).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Indiana (Mr.  Young) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Braun),  the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Georgia  (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), the Senator  from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan), and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Young).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Young)  would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander)  would have voted ``yea.''   