 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of equality  and the principle that our Constitution was designed, not to shore up  the dominance of the historically powerful, but to ensure the rights of  all and to foster a society in which each of us is free to shape our  future based on our abilities. The resolution today removes the  deadline Congress put in place for the ratification of the Equal Rights  Amendment. While ratification of  [[Page H1141]]  the Equal Rights Amendment is imperative to enshrine equal rights for  women, I do not believe it is necessary to strike the deadline for  ratification. By voting on this legislation we may imply that it is  necessary for Congress to lift a self-imposed deadline. I do not  prescribe to this view.   Congressional authority to propose Amendments to the Constitution and  the mode of ratification is absolute. The language of Article V of the  Constitution represents the Founders intent to create a stable  government designed for change. Article V requires two-thirds of the  House and Senate to propose an amendment. Congress can choose  ratification through three-fourths of the state legislatures or state  ratifying conventions. Once the amendment is proposed to the states,  there is no Constitutionally imposed time limit on the ratification  process. Article V of the Constitution is silent with regard to when a  state must consider and ratify an amendment. For example, the  ratification process for the 27th Amendment took more than two hundred  years.   Historically, Congress has ratified amendments without specific time  limitations. The first amendment to contain a time limit was the 18th  Amendment which established the prohibition of alcohol. The text of the  18th, 20th, 21st, and 22nd Amendments each contained language limiting  the time frame for ratification. In contrast, the text of the Equal  Rights Amendment ratified by the states does not contain a time limit.  It is the proposing clause sent to the states for ratification of the  Equal Rights Amendment which contains a seven-year time limitation. The  language of a proposing clause is not binding. The current ratification  process of the Equal Rights Amendment is properly before the states and  is reasonable and sufficiently contemporaneous.   Having been ratified by Virginia, according to Article V, the ERA has  become part of the Constitution. Furthermore, if the deadline is  binding, then passage of this resolution, without passage in the  Senate, does not cure the defect. Because the deadline is not binding,  this resolution is not necessary, but also not harmful.   Women continue to face additional hurdles in the pathways to success.  On average, women still earn less than men for the same job functions.  Pregnant women often lack basic protections and reasonable  accommodation in the workplace. Perhaps most concerning of all,  violence against women is still widespread and undermines the  educational and social potential of women and young children in this  country.   I am proud to have worked with my Democratic colleagues in the House  to pass legislation to remedy these inequalities. The House recently  passed the Protect the Right to Organize Act (H.R. 2474) which protects  workers who are trying to form a union. In most of America, women earn  less than men, but women and men working under a union contract receive  equal pay for equal work. We have worked to fill the gaps in the  patchwork of existing laws governing how and when workers take time off  to care for themselves and their families. Expanding the Family and  Medical Leave Act to cover more working parents and low wage workers  who are currently excluded from leave policies is a top priority.   Nearly two thirds of minimum wage workers in the United States are  women. The House has successfully passed the Raise the Wage Act (H.R.  582). This will raise the income levels of the most economically  insecure households and is a step in the right direction towards pay  equity. The Pregnant Worker's Fairness Act (H.R. 2694) is an important  piece of legislation that will provide reasonable accommodations to  pregnant women in the workforce. The House also passed the Violence  Against Women Reauthorization Act (H.R. 1585) which expanded  protections and provides critical funding for victim services, law  enforcement training, and data collection.   However, even if all this legislation were to become law, it would  not be the same as amending the Constitution to guarantee women equal  rights.   Discrimination in the workplace, violence in the home, and  institutional barriers require systemic legal and cultural change.  Ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment provides an additional legal  tool for combatting discrimination on the basis of sex.   We will continue the fight for equality and work towards a more  inclusive and equitable society.   