 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, ever since a remarkable bipartisan rescue  package in March, the CARES Act, and a subsequent bill to replenish  those programs, getting further aid to the American people has been a  long and arduous effort. It is no secret that for much of the year, our  Republican colleagues were opposed to spending any more money to help  the American people during a once-in-a-century pandemic. Thankfully,  the Republican leadership recently accepted the bipartisan Gang of 8's  framework as the basis for negotiations for an emergency bill, which  Speaker Pelosi and I have suggested, unlocking the current round of  talks.   Even now, at the end of this painstaking process, there have been  some final hurdles. Crafting a $1 trillion relief package over the  matter of a few days was always going to have its difficulties, but we  are running out of time.   After passing yet another continuing resolution yesterday evening, we  have until Sunday at midnight to secure a final agreement, draft the  legislation, and move it through both Chambers of Congress with  alacrity. I agree with the Republican leader on this: We need to  deliver an outcome and deliver it quickly.   We continue to make progress. I believe there is good faith from all  four corners of congressional leadership to finalize an agreement very  soon. Even though there are several issues that haven't been closed out  yet, we continue to make good progress on all issues but one.   The No. 1 outstanding issue is a proposal by the Republican Senator  from Pennsylvania. This proposal is a new entrant. It hadn't been an  important feature of our negotiations over the past few weeks. Only in  the past few days have Senator Toomey and Senator McConnell introduced  this specific provision and made it clear they feel strongly about it.   Senator Toomey's new proposal would potentially prohibit the Treasury  and the Fed from setting up new emergency lending facilities moving  forward, greatly reducing their ability to respond to economic crises.  Again, this is something that materialized only in the past few days  and would leave the Treasury and the Fed with less authority than it  had even prior to the pandemic.   Quite simply, Senator Toomey's proposal would do more than just  prevent the next Treasury Secretary and Fed Chair from using the  emergency lending programs that saved our economy and stabilized  markets back in March and April. It could potentially prevent them from  setting up new facilities that look, or even smell like, those programs  moving forward.   Democrats do not agree with it. Economists from across the political  spectrum warned that Senator Toomey's legislation would cripple our  government's ability to respond to a deteriorating economy. The Chair  of the Federal Reserve, Jay Powell, hardly a flaming liberal, is  likewise strongly opposed to the Toomey provision.   Senator Toomey's proposal goes way beyond what Leader McConnell  proposed in his HEALS Act. The worry that this Toomey proposal is  supposed to address is the need to prevent the Treasury and Fed from  using their authority willy-nilly to do whatever the new President  wanted. That worry is unfounded. In order to create a new emergency  facility under the present law, you would need the support of Chairman  Powell, a conservative man, and the five members of the Fed Board, a  conservative body.   Under current law, an emergency lending facility could get approval  only in a true emergency. Senator Toomey's legislation creates barriers  to emergency lending that go far beyond current law and tries to solve  a problem that doesn't exist.   Publicly, Senator Toomey--I read an article in POLITICO--has  expressed his  [[Page S7833]]  concern only about winding down the emergency lending facilities  established in the CARES Act. If that is what he is genuinely concerned  about, there is a path to compromise. But his proposal goes much  further and includes prohibitions on the Treasury and the Fed's  authority that would handicap our recovery efforts moving forward--not  just during this crisis but any future crisis. We cannot agree to that,  nor is it what the Senator from Pennsylvania says he cares about. What  he is proposing is not about COVID or helping the American people; it  is about tying the hands of the next Treasury Secretary and the next  Fed Chairman in a true emergency. So I hope our Republican friends can  agree to compromise here. Senator Toomey's legislation is the only  significant hurdle to completing an agreement, and Republicans need to  make a decision.   We are quickly approaching an all-or-nothing situation. Everybody  needs to make a decision about whether we are going to pass this much  needed relief or not and about eleventh hour demands and whether they  are worth holding up the entire bill.   We made great strides and great progress over a few days. You can use  whatever football analogy you want--we are on the 5-yard line or the 1- yard line or whatever. The truth is simple: We are close to an  agreement, but we need to finalize it. We need to finalize it, and only  the Toomey provision stands in the way.   We are ready to deliver a desperately needed extension to the  historic unemployment benefits the Democrats secured in March; direct  survival checks to millions of American families on the brink of  financial collapse; crucial relief to our schools, our small  businesses, and our healthcare system; and funding to support the  production and distribution of a vaccine.   If we do our jobs, we will deliver the second largest Federal  stimulus in our Nation's history, second only to the CARES Act earlier  this year. It is still not as large or as comprehensive as the country  needs or as our side wants, but it will be larger than even the  Recovery Act, called ARRA, in the wake of the last financial crisis.   We have given ourselves already an extension to finish our work.  Let's not ask for another one. It is time for a conclusion. We have 2  days to cross the t's, dot the i's, and come to an agreement. The  country expects us to finish our work and deliver a result for the  American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   