 Madam President, I rise today with my friend and  colleague from Arkansas to honor Helena-West Helena Police Officer  Travis Wallace, who made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty on  Thursday, November 12.   Officer Wallace was trying to apprehend a suspect wanted in  connection with a violent crime the previous week. Using his patrol car  to block the exit of the parking lot where he spotted the suspect in  the vehicle, he was fired on. Officer Wallace returned fire but was  struck during the gunfight.   Officer Wallace was targeted because he was a law enforcement officer  in pursuit of justice. This is a somber reminder of the dangers police  officers and other members of the law enforcement community face every  day. They do so willingly, not knowing the challenges they will  experience when they leave the comforts of their homes and their loved  ones.   Officer Wallace served with professionalism and dedication during his  10 years in law enforcement. For half his career, he worked for the  Helena-West Helena Police Department, where he demonstrated his passion  and commitment for helping those in need.   The Helena-West Helena police chief described Officer Wallace as an  ambitious leader who was eager to help the community. Another fellow  officer applauded his influence on his career and thanked him for the  skills he taught his brothers in blue that have helped better protect  that community.   The outpouring of support from the Helena-West Helena residents,  citizens across Arkansas, and the members of the law enforcement  community has given the police department strength, as members mourn  the loss of this brave officer.   I join with all Arkansans in expressing our gratitude for Officer  Wallace's service and his sacrifice. We celebrate his life and example  of courageous, selfless public service. May his family, including his  son Travis Junior, find peace in knowing their loved one lived and died  a true American hero.   I yield to my colleague, Senator Cotton.   