 Mr. Speaker, the conference report to accompany H.R.  6395, the National Defense Authorization Act, includes my bills  ensuring my district, the Northern Mariana Islands, and other insular  areas are included in additional federal programs as well as improving  career education for military spouses.   Businesses in the Marianas will have further access to federal Small  Business Administration programs under the terms of my Northern Mariana  Islands Small Business Development Act, included in the final version  of the NDAA. My bill, H.R. 6021, makes the Marianas eligible for  funding to establish a Small Business Development Center Lead Center.  With additional funding, small businesses on Saipan, Tinian and Rota  will have improved access to free or low-cost services such as  incubator workspaces for entrepreneurs, business planning, operations,  and other areas required for small business start-up, growth and  success. It will, also, provide technical assistance from the Federal  and State Technology program to Marianas small businesses interested in  seed funding from the Small Business Innovation Research and Small  Business Technology Transfer programs.   The NDAA also includes the two bills I authored to expand education  opportunities in our islands. H.R. 6786 includes the Marianas in the  Defense Department's STARBASE education program, which aims to improve  students' skills in the STEM fields (science, technology, engineering,  and math). STARBASE partners military installations with schools having  high proportions of economically and educationally disadvantaged  students.   Additionally included in the NDAA is my bill, H.R. 4614, adding the  Marianas and other insular areas to the national AMBER alert system for  finding missing children. AMBER alerts mobilize the community via  radio, TV, and text messages and have helped locate almost one thousand  children, since the system was created in 1996. My AMBER Alerts  Nationwide Act will give law enforcement in the Marianas the financial  and technical resources from the U.S. Departments of Justice and  Transportation to implement AMBER alerts in our community, hopefully  saving lives. My bill also seeks to close gaps in coverage nationwide  by specifying airports, seaports, and border crossing areas.   And H.R. 7112, the Military Spouse Career Education Act, will help  the spouses of service members finish their college degrees more  quickly and get the training needed to re-license in their professions,  when they must move to a new location under military orders. The  spouses will be able to have the costs reimbursed for national tests  like CLEP providing college credit and for required continuing  education courses to maintain their career credentials.   I urge the adoption of the conference report, so we can be sure that  military spouses have more support in starting and maintaining careers,  more small businesses in our country can fully benefit from the SBDC  and FAST programs, more students can benefit from STEM education, and  more lives can be saved with the help of AMBER Alerts.   I thank Chairman Smith, Chairwoman Velazquez, Chairman Nadler,  Chairman DeFazio, Senator Hirono, Senator Schatz, and Representatives  Gabbard, Houlahan, and Banks for all their support to include into the  NDAA these important measures.   I ask my colleagues to support adoption of the conference report to  accompany H.R. 6395.   