 Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Budd for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Justice for Victims of  Sanctuary Cities Act introduced by my good friend from North Carolina,  Representative Ted Budd.   Since we are supposed to be a Nation of laws, this is a bill that  really should not have even needed to have been written. But sadly,  because of the recklessness and lunacy of sanctuary cities, States, and  jurisdictions run by rogue local officials, we have to fight tooth and  nail just to enforce our laws and to put the safety of our citizens  first.   The Democrats baselessly like to shout that the President is not  above the law, yet they praise sanctuary jurisdictions for doing  exactly what they claim to fight against. Apparently, being in direct  opposition to the rule of law is okay as long as you are doing it under  the name of sanctuary.   Earlier this year, we witnessed a violent attack on a 92-year-old  woman named Maria Fuertes, who was sexually assaulted and left to die  on the sidewalk of New York. This woman's life was taken by a 21-year- old illegal criminal alien who ICE had issued a detainer for months  earlier, an individual who had already been arrested for assaulting his  father and for criminal  [[Page H1583]]  possession of a weapon. This is who New York chose to protect under its  sanctuary policies rather than Maria Fuertes.   The worst part is that this tragedy could have been prevented. It is  quite simple: If Governor Cuomo had allowed this monster to be  deported, he wouldn't have been able to do this to Mrs. Fuertes.   Frighteningly, this is not an isolated incident. This is happening  every single day across America, and nobody is being held accountable  for it. These policies not only pose a great risk to the safety and  wellbeing of Americans but also to the sovereignty of our great Nation.   Do my colleagues on the left not care that the drug cartels control  those who illegally cross our borders and that they are abusing our  laws for profit?   Do they not care that these same cartels are allowing women and  children to be violated and abused on their journey up to the United  States?   Do they not care that thousands of Americans have been assaulted,  injured, raped, or--worse--killed by illegal aliens, all being  preventable crimes?   Facts are stubborn things, as President Reagan used to say.  Unfortunately, Washington Democrats don't seem to care about the facts.  They are happy to trade them for political advantage through emotion-- in violation of our Nation's laws.   I stand with President Trump and my colleagues here today in the  effort to end these criminal hotbeds.   At the end of the day, this isn't about statistics; it is about  people. It is time that we stood up for the American people who have  suffered at the hands of those who shouldn't even be here in the first  place.   