 Madam President, I have some prepared remarks regarding  the Soleimani strike and some other related matters, but I want to take  a moment and just respond briefly to my friend, the Democratic leader.   There seems to be a lot of irony involved in this question of the  Articles of Impeachment. First of all, of course, Speaker Pelosi, who  said this is an urgent fulfilling of a constitutional duty and who  wanted the Articles of Impeachment voted on in the House, has been  radio silent and appears to be getting cold feet on whether or not she  will even send the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate.   I would suggest that the first thing we need to know is if Speaker  Pelosi is actually serious about this. If she is not, there is no  occasion for us to even begin this conversation about how the Senate  trial will proceed. Speaker Pelosi is mistaken if she thinks she can  direct or influence the Senate's decision on how the trial will  proceed. In fact, one of the things I am pretty sure of is that the  Senate will not replicate the circuslike atmosphere of the impeachment  inquiry in the House, which was one of the most partisan undertakings I  have seen in my time in the Senate.   I think they are really grasping at straws now and are recognizing  they did a poor job in developing the case that led to the two Articles  of Impeachment. One was because of a disagreement over the manner in  which the President exercised his authority under the Constitution to  engage in foreign relations, and the other was based on this bogus idea  that by saying: I need to go to court to get some direction on a claim  of executive privilege, that somehow, even though Mr. Schiff dropped  the subpoena or no longer sought that witness's testimony, one has  obstructed Congress's investigation. All of this was without even  alleging any crime.   I suggest that the Senate is an institution that follows the rules  and that we follow our precedents. The most obvious precedent for this  impeachment trial is the Clinton impeachment trial. There, we saw 100  Senators agree to a procedure which allowed both sides to present their  cases, after which there was a vote to see whether additional testimony  would be required. Indeed, there was an agreement to provide three  additional witnesses, not live, in a circuslike atmosphere here on the  floor of the Senate, but through depositions taken out of court that  could then be out of the Chamber, whereby excerpts of those depositions  could be offered as additional evidence. That was the procedure that  was supported by the Democratic leader, the Senator from New York. I  suggest that what was fair for President Clinton is fair for President  Trump. It is not much more complicated than that, and that, indeed, is  the most relevant precedent.   With regard to this claim that some Senators aren't demonstrating  impartiality, I recall reading that the Senator from New York, when he  was running against incumbent Senator D'Amato, said a vote for him for  the Senate would be a guaranteed vote of acquittal of President  Clinton. That was hardly impartial. Now he protests too much and, I  think, demonstrates his hypocrisy when it comes to the standard by  which he holds himself and others.   I am sorry. I just can't believe that Senator Warren and Senator  Sanders would qualify under anybody's definition of an impartial juror.  Yet that is our constitutional system. I think what has happened is  that they realize their case is falling short of any standard by which  a President would be convicted and impeached, and they are simply  grasping at straws.   