 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano and Ranking Member Roe for  their words, as well as for their efforts to help us get to yes on this  important piece of legislation.   I rise in support of H.R. 5245, a bill I introduced along with my  colleague, Congressman Max Rose, to fix some major problems directly  affecting our veterans.   Last year, I heard from one of my constituents, New Hampshire veteran  Jeff Varney, who contacted my office for assistance. Jeff, like  thousands of other veterans across the country, is facing tremendous  financial hardship due to VA errors.   Jeff was in disbelief when the VA informed him that he needed to  repay years of benefit overpayments because of an apparent error that  VA made decades ago.    So after a lifetime of service, and through no fault of his own, Jeff  was told he is on the hook for more than $11,000, even though VA  produced no accounting of how these debts were accrued.   Unfortunately, Jeff is not alone in this experience, and too many of  our veterans are badly surprised when they receive letters saying they  owe the VA money. Sometimes these debts reach thousands of dollars.  During the hearings held by our Oversight and Investigations  Subcommittee, we heard from veterans service organizations about the  pain and hardship that these surprises may bring.   Last fiscal year, the VA collected $1.6 billion in debts from  veterans. Sometimes these debts result from mistakes in disability  payouts, changes in eligibility, or simple accounting errors that place  an undue, unexpected financial burden on our veterans.   It is long past the time to clean this issue up. That is why today I  am asking my colleagues to support the SHIELD for Veterans Act, which  reforms VA debt collection processes and ensures we are making good on  the promises we have made to our veterans.   The SHIELD Act prevents VA from collecting overpayments that came as  a result of their own delays in processing and requires the VA to  provide our veterans notice of an overpayment and their plan to collect  it. It also requires VA to notify veterans of their ability to dispute  the overpayment or request a waiver.   Under this bill, VA will issue a report to Congress on a plan to  improve communications with our veterans on the debt issue.   The last thing that my constituent needs, and other constituents  need, is to be hounded by debt collectors, especially if they have done  everything right.   This is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I really want to thank  the majority and minority staff for their work. I thank my ranking  member, General Bergman, as well as Congressman Bost, for their  contributions to helping make this bill better.   It is simply unacceptable that VA's mistakes or inefficiencies are  going to hurt the men and women that they are supposed to serve   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   