 Thank you, Senator, and to all my colleagues, I want to  thank you. I appreciate very much the job that has been done here. By  working in a bipartisan spirit, every one of us benefits from this.  This is a legacy piece of legislation that, hopefully, our children and  generations to come will say that it was my grandfather, my father, my  uncle, my aunt who was involved in giving me an opportunity to enjoy  part of the America that maybe I may not have had. We have access to  it.   In West Virginia, when you get access to New River or the Gauley, it  has been provided by LWCF money. The Park System that we have--and we  have hundreds of thousands of visitors every year--is done because of  the Restore Our Parks Act, and people are now able to come.   Just about 4 or 5 months ago, I took my family, and we were in  Hawaii. When Senators and Congress people go into Hawaii on a codel, we  usually don't see what the visitors see down there. They don't take us  to the visitors' center. This time I had gone as a normal visitor, and  when I walked in, I was appalled at what I saw   The maps were falling off the wall. The lights weren't working. It  was atrocious.   I had a meeting with the staff right there. I came back, and at that  time, David Bernhardt, Rob Walls, and I started talking, and I said:  Gentlemen, that is the birthplace, basically, defining who we are as a  superpower and the hope of the world, and for our veterans to have to  come and see that and say this is where it began, something had to be  done. We started right then renovating and fixing it up, and I think we  spent $10 million out of the contingency fund. So I know what it takes  for  [[Page S2955]]  Senator Alexander, who has led this fight, and Senator Warner and  others as well on Restore Our Parks.   Teddy Roosevelt would be proud of Senator Alexander leading this  charge and all of us working together. Putting these two bills together  was a master stroke, I believe, and how we could come together. It has  brought us all together. There is not one person I believe--we have a  few of our friends that have some challenges, and we are going to help  them through as soon as we get this bill passed. But in West Virginia,  this means the world for us. It has benefited our State since 1965, and  54 out of 55 counties have benefited by it. Now, I tell them that  whatever you think we have been able to do and however happy you are  with what has happened, we can do twice as much. We can do twice as  much on a regular basis.   I am proud to be a part of this. Senator Heinrich and I have worked  tonight, and our staffs have worked closely, and Senator Daines and  Gardner and everybody is working very close on this. It pulled us  together, and I hope we can stay together and keep this spirit of  bipartisanship in many pieces of legislation.   So thank you. Thank you for letting me be involved, and thank you for  what you have done.   