 Mr. President, we all know that Lamar Alexander is a  person of tremendous character and judgment, and it is not just because  he asked that young woman in the red shorts that he met at that  softball game so many years ago to marry him, who happens to be from  Victoria, TX, which demonstrates his enormous good judgment. Certainly,  we wish him and Honey the best in this next chapter of their lives.   When I think about Lamar Alexander, I think about all of the Lamar- isms, and we have heard some of them here today: ``Find the good and  praise it''--quotes his friend Alex Haley, which I think kind of speaks  to the optimistic, positive view of life that we could use more of.  Then I remember other words. He said: If you want to get a standing  ovation before any group of individuals, you need to say, ``It is time  to put the teaching of American history and civics back into its  rightful place in our schools so our children can grow up learning what  it means to be an American.'' He has talked about Alex Haley, his  friend, who told him how to give a speech by telling a story.   Aristotle also had an idea about how to give a great speech. He  basically broke it down to three components. One is the logical  argument, another is the emotional argument, but then another is about  establishing your authority. It is about the character of the speaker.  When I think about Lamar, as he has demonstrated again here today, the  thing I appreciate about him the most is not just what he has  accomplished here but his incredible character and positive impact on  our Senate and on our country. It has been because people know that his  heart is in the right place. It is his doing it for all the right  reasons that we admire him so much.   I would just point out, as I told Lamar previously, that I admired  Lamar Alexander long before I met him--when I voted for him in the 1996  Republican primary for President. Unfortunately, he dropped out of that  race shortly thereafter, so I told him I wasted my vote, but I have  been an admirer for a long time.   (Laughter.)   Lamar and I also share something else in common. It is about his  predecessor as well as mine. He is a person by the name of Sam Houston.  I occupy the Senate seat first held by Sam Houston when Texas became a  State. Of course, he originally came from Tennessee. He had happened to  be a Governor of Tennessee before he had left and gone to Texas. Later,  he became the Governor of Texas and basically stepped down because he  was a  [[Page S7152]]  Union man, recruited by Andrew Jackson. He loved the Union. He did not  agree with secession, but, of course, he went to Texas and became a  victorious general of the decisive Battle of San Jacinto. He became the  President of the Republic of Texas for the same reason. The reason the  Texas flag and the American flag fly at the same height is that we were  an independent nation before we became part of the United States. I  have heard it said that you could never write a novel based on the life  of Sam Houston because nobody would believe it. I have read plenty  about him, and I still find that to be true.   Yet, as I indicated, as proud as Texans are of Sam Houston's  contribution to our history and our State, we know we can't claim him  entirely because he grew up in Maryville, TN--the same town that Lamar  Alexander did--and went on to become Governor, as I mentioned a moment  ago.   Sam Houston's portrait hangs above my desk in the Hart Office  Building because it helps to remind me of my responsibilities and of  the incredible history and contribution that he made and that,  hopefully, each of us can make.   While you find Sam Houston's picture above my desk, you will find his  walking stick in Lamar Alexander's office, which is just down the hall.  The many Tennesseans who have visited Lamar during his time in the  Chamber have seen the words ``Sam Houston,'' ``Texas,'' and ``Lone  Star'' engraved on its gold cap, and according to Lamar, several Texans  have tried to run off with it. Fortunately, they haven't been  successful   The truth is, you can't get through a Texas history class--or at  least you shouldn't--without hearing about the pivotal role of the  Volunteer State within the history of my State. I always kid Lamar. I  say: The Tennesseans who went to Texas who fought at the Alamo and in  the Battle of San Jacinto were just one step ahead of a creditor or of  an aggrieved spouse. This was a rough-and-tumble group that came from  Tennessee to found Texas.   There are other Tennesseans, people like Davy Crockett and others,  who went to Texas and created our State. The State of Texas has many  reasons to be grateful to the contributions of the sons and daughters  of Tennessee, and one of those great sons is Lamar. He has dedicated  his life to public service. As we know, it has led him through an  incredible number of important offices.   Yet I think, to me, the thing that has even more led to his  legislative accomplishments and that has made Lamar so effective is  that we know we can trust him. We know his character. We know that when  he says something, it is true, and we have seen it time and again, when  Lamar has used that character and that trust to pass historic  legislation in this Chamber. As we have all come to know, when you are  working side by side with Lamar on legislation, you are bound to get  things done because he has cracked the code. He knows how to do it.   I have been proud to work with Lamar on legislation to address the  opioid epidemic, to support our servicemembers and veterans, to protect  health coverage, and to ensure that folks across the country have the  opportunity to take advantage of the American dream. His presence has  been constant throughout our time. We came to the Senate at the same  time, and, of course, his retirement makes that all bittersweet.   So I thank our colleague from Tennessee for his friendship over many  years and, as we have heard from Senator Thune and others, for the  example he has shown to the rest of us as to how to be an effective  Member of the U.S. Senate. I also thank him for his decades of service  to the country. I don't expect Lamar to follow in the footsteps of Sam  Houston and run for Governor of Texas, but I know he has many more  contributions to make to our great country, and I wish him and Honey  all the best during this next chapter of their lives. I am sure he is  looking forward to spending a little more time in their beloved Smoky  Mountains.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   