 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4841, the  Prudential Regulator Oversight Act. First, I would like to thank Mr.  Phillips for his leadership on this bipartisan bill and for being  willing to address Republicans' concerns with some of the language that  was in the original text. Mr. Phillips has worked diligently to address  committee Republicans' views before, during, and after the markup, and  as a result, this is a strongly bipartisan bill.  [[Page H192]]    This bill is about transparency and oversight of the federal banking  regulators. It would require the Comptroller of the Currency, Federal  Deposit Insurance Corporation Chair, and National Credit Union  Administration Chair to testify before the House Financial Services  Committee and the Senate Banking Committee annually. The bill would  harmonize that requirement with the existing requirement for the  Federal Reserve Vice Chair for Supervision to testify twice a year. The  bill would also require these agencies to submit reports about their  activities to Congress twice a year. I appreciate that Mr. Phillips  agreed to add several clarifications in the bill to ensure that  confidential supervisory information is not included in these reports.   Requiring these regulators to testify every year will help ensure  that Congress is having a regular dialogue with these agencies. This  will foster greater transparency into the agencies' activities and  assist Congress in doing its job of conducting robust oversight of  federal regulators. Some may question why this bill is needed, because  all of these regulators testified before the Financial Services  Committee in May of last year. However, it had been three and a half  years since anyone from the FDIC or NCUA had testified at the committee  before that hearing.   As the Ranking Member of the Artificial Intelligence Task Force, I  also appreciate that the bill requires the banking regulators to report  to Congress about financial institutions' use of fintech,  cybersecurity, and BSA/AML compliance. These are important issues that  Congress must continue to monitor.   Requiring annual testimony is a matter of good government and  Congress doing its job of overseeing the regulatory agencies that it  has created.   I ask all of my colleagues to support this bill.   