 Mr. Speaker, I thank you for your concern about addiction  and all the problems. This is an ancillary problem that deals with  that. I thank you for your concern about that.   I thank the chairman of the committee and the ranking member. This  has been years in the making. I thank them for bringing this across the  finish line.   I thank my cosponsor from across the aisle. The gentleman from Oregon  is absolutely right. He and I will disagree, probably the most two  people can disagree, about recreational marijuana. We agree 100 percent  that we need to do this research and that we need this bill.   Now, because of the discussion about COVID and the vaccines and  therapeutics for that, Americans realize how medical research has to be  done and how important it is to be done. They expect purity, safety,  and efficacy for anything that has a claim of a medical product.   Now, unfortunately, because of the public policy we have had in place  with marijuana and its scheduling, this simply couldn't be done. The  unfortunate consequence is that legislatures in general across the  States, and, unfortunately, this legislature last week, took a ready- fire-aim approach: Let's go ahead and legalize it, even for  recreational use, without a medical basis.   But I am only going to talk about medical marijuana. We need good  studies. Understandably, because of current scheduling, we can't do it.  I get it. I did research, as a physician, on drugs. You can't do it  under the current scheduling, but we need to do the research.   As the chairman pointed out, Dr. Volkow, who has appeared before our  committee many times, has said that the claims of medical usefulness  are simply greatly exaggerated because we don't have the science. Many  claims are made; very few are proven.   We don't tolerate that for other medications. We certainly don't  tolerate it for COVID vaccines and therapeutics. We shouldn't tolerate  it for medical marijuana. This research just simply hasn't been done,  for a variety of reasons, most of which get cured by this bill.   Now, could medical marijuana be useful for PTSD for my fellow  veterans? Absolutely. It might be useful. We have no idea.   What we have done is, instead, the public press has said it is useful  for PTSD. That is not the way we treat medicine in this country. We  actually do the research. Our veterans deserve for us to do this  research.   It couldn't be done, because of the scheduling, because of the  rules--the rules, by the way, that Congress made. This is on us. We  shouldn't have taken so long to get to this point.   Could it be useful for non-neurogenic chronic pain? Yes, it might be,  but I don't know. The last thing we should do to our chronic pain  patients, as you know, Mr. Speaker, because of the problems with  treating chronic pain, is make false promises to them about something.   If this works for it, oh, my gosh, that is great. We have a potential  solution for part of our addiction problem. If it doesn't work, those  people deserve to know.    Mr. Speaker, is it useful for that group? Is CBD useful  for that group of pediatric patients with seizures? Yes, it sure is. Is  it useful for people with glaucoma? Yes, it sure is. Is it useful for  spasticity with multiple sclerosis? Yes, it sure is.   But there are 40 or 50 other claims that we don't know about. We  deserve to know about it. Those claims are simply not founded on  science.   Look, let's do the science. Let's see what medical marijuana is  useful for. As a physician, anything it is useful for, I want to  provide for patients. Let's do the science. Let's pass H.R. 3797.   