 Madam President, Samuel Johnson was a great thinker in  the 19th century and was quoted many times for things that he observed  even then. He did have one statement about nothing focusing the mind  like the prospect of a hanging, and I would like to use that as an  analogy to my comments this morning.   I do notice that the Senator from South Dakota has taken the floor.  Let me yield to him because I think, in the order of speaking, he is  next, and I will follow him.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, as I noted earlier, Samuel Johnson once  noted that there is nothing that focuses the mind like the prospect of  a  [[Page S1276]]  hanging. I would say there is nothing that focuses the mind on the  issue of healthcare like the prospect of a pandemic, and that is what  we are facing now with the coronavirus. Americans should not panic and  shouldn't be pessimistic, but we need to be realistic as the numbers  total up around the world and we start to take an assessment of our own  vulnerabilities--personal, family, community, and State  vulnerabilities--here in the United States of America.   We are also, I hope, reflecting on what we are counting on to get us  through this pandemic in a positive fashion in America. The first thing  is we look to two major healthcare organizations of the Federal  Government: the National Institutes of Health, which is the premier  health research agency in the world, and the Centers for Disease  Control, which, again, leads the world when it comes to preventing the  spread of disease and threats to the public health of America.   The question we should ask ourselves is, How have we treated these  agencies to date? The answers are mixed. The answer, when it comes to  National Institutes of Health, is a positive one.   Over the last 4 years, something dramatic has occurred. I was happy  to be part of a bipartisan effort that was led by Senator Patty Murray  of Washington, Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, and Senator Lamar  Alexander of Tennessee. What we have accomplished in the last 4 years  is to increase the spending at the National Institutes of Health for  medical research grants from $30 billion to $39 billion. It is a  dramatic increase.   We started off with a premise we wanted to increase the NIH budget by  real growth of 5 percent--that is 5 percent over inflation--each year.  We held to that standard; in fact, some years were even better. We have  a lot to show for it. There have been real breakthroughs when it comes  to medical research. We want to continue down this line.   When it came to the Centers for Disease Control, I had the same goal  in mind. We didn't quite reach it. Over the last 4 years, we have seen  a 14-percent increase at the CDC. I believe this coronavirus pandemic  threat is going to open the eyes of America to the need to make sure  the CDC is adequately, properly funded for years to come.   At the outset, the focus of the mind is on those agencies of  government which do the absolute essential work of research and the  prevention of the spread of disease. The NIH and CDC need to occupy a  special place when it comes to budgeting by the Federal Government.   The second thing we note is there are practical questions to be asked  and answered. We are now talking about the development of a test to  determine whether individuals have been affected by the coronavirus.  That test is now starting to come forward. It will be released in  States across the United States in the next several weeks.   Some obvious, practical questions face us: How much does this test  cost? Is it covered by health insurance? If it is not covered by health  insurance, can the average family afford it? These are the practical  questions which those of us who have good health insurance and are not  worried about the next paycheck can take care of, but for millions of  Americans, it is a significant challenge. We notice that in some cases  it takes more than one test to determine that a person is truly free of  the coronavirus.   The obvious question is, Does our health insurance cover this kind of  testing? As I stand here, I don't know the answer to it. If it turns  out to be an expensive test, and it is not covered by insurance,  Americans are going to be faced with that challenge right off the bat.   It brings to mind the real fundamental issue of the debate in  Congress over the last 10 years about health insurance. Our friends on  the other side of the aisle argue that people ought to be able to pay  less for health insurance that covers even less. We on this side call  that junk insurance. The Affordable Care Act said that health insurance  plans had to have certain basic coverage before they could be offered  in this country. We got rid of the lifetime limits that some health  insurance plans had. We eliminated the discrimination against people  with preexisting conditions. We said that kids could stay on their  parents' health insurance plan until they reached the age of 26. We  said every health insurance plan had to include those provisions. We  included coverage in basic health insurance of mental illness and  addiction services--basic fundamental care that every American should  expect when they buy health insurance.   The Republicans on the other side of the aisle say: Well, we ought to  be able to buy insurance that doesn't cover those things. It will be  cheaper. Let the consumers decide.   It is OK for a consumer to decide for less coverage, I suppose, if  they can be guaranteed good health for the rest of their lives. No one  knows about the next accident or the next diagnosis that might really  call into question the adequacy of our health insurance coverage.   I stand with the Affordable Care Act. We should have a basic standard  when it comes to health insurance in America so that when you buy a  plan, it covers what most Americans will need, the basics that they  will need. Junk insurance has no place in America, and it is no bargain  for people who truly need health insurance for reimbursement.   When it comes to the cost of dealing with the coronavirus, whether it  is the initial test or followup hospitalizations, we all want the peace  of mind that our health insurance plan will cover those needs.   The third issue that is clear is that there are people who are going  to miss work because of this coronavirus. Some of them are asked to  stay home and work from home and things continue as usual, and they  receive their regular paycheck, but for others, they have to leave the  workplace because of fears they may have a flu or may be contagious or  someone else at work might be. What happens when they go home when it  comes to their paycheck? Are they going to be given medical leave and  paid for their absences?   It is an issue which comes to the forefront in this coronavirus  debate. Frankly, it is with us all of the time. Those of us on the  Democratic side believe that medical leave should be extended. We have  just expanded it when it comes to Federal employees. We should do it as  well for people across the United States. Medical leave gives you peace  of mind to make the right medical decision. Don't go to work with a  fever. Don't go to school with a fever. Stay home. Protect yourself,  your family, the people you work with, the people you are around during  the course of a day. Medical leave gives you that option, and it is one  that is a practical solution to something that we face all the time.   The fourth issue that I will raise has been brought up by this  coronavirus debate is the role of pharma in the future. It is  interesting that across America when you ask Americans their concern  when it comes to the cost of healthcare, the cost of prescription drugs  is high on the list.   It is also interesting that health insurance companies--the major  companies--tell us that one of the biggest drivers in the increase in  health insurance premiums is the cost of prescription drugs. Pharma is  obviously a challenge to all of us. We want them to have the money to  be profitable, to invest in research, but we don't want them to  dramatically overcharge for the products they make. ``Your money'' or  ``your life'' is not a good answer when it comes to pharma and the  public health of America.   Now we are going to face it again, the prospect of a vaccine. We hope  to have a vaccine quickly, but even ``quickly'' by medical terms is a  long time.   Dr. Fauci, of NIH, has said it could be a year, a year and a half,  even 2 years before a real, reliable vaccine is discovered to deal with  coronavirus. It is an indication of the kind of research that has to  take place--research that starts, I might add, at the Federal level,  with your government doing research.   I know pharmaceutical companies will ultimately produce the product,  the vaccine, but it starts with an investment by the Federal Government  in the basic research to lead up to that vaccine whenever it is  discovered. Then we have the question about once the vaccine is  discovered, who will sell it to America and at what price? That is a  debate that we went through several years ago.   We faced the swine flu. During that period of time, some 40 million  Americans were actually vaccinated in 1976  [[Page S1277]]  for swine flu--45 million, to be exact. For several months, four  pharmaceutical firms refused to sell the vaccine they had manufactured  to the government until they received full liability indemnity and a  guaranteed profit. The vaccine was there, but they wouldn't sell it  until they received those promises. In fact, the Federal Government  assumed the liability for this vaccine. According to this article that  was published this morning in the New York Times, they eventually paid  out over $100 million in claims.   Are we going to face that again with pharma when it comes to a  vaccine for coronavirus? Certainly, they are entitled to a profit for  their own investment, whatever it may be in that vaccine, but the  initial work on the research is being done by the Federal Government.  That Federal Government research will lead to a product which will lead  to a profit for these companies.   I am not opposed to a reasonable profit, but I do think, if they are  going to hold us hostage for months over a guaranteed profit that is  unreasonable, that America is going to rebel against these  pharmaceutical companies. Our debate about pharma and its relationship  with America in the future has really sharpened its focus by this  debate on the coronavirus that we are facing today.   Madam President, there is one other aspect that I would like to  raise. I was surprised at the briefing we received 2 weeks ago in  Washington on the coronavirus to learn how many pharmaceuticals are  actually produced in China and how many pharmaceutical ingredients are  produced in China and India. It turns out we have a real dependence,  when it comes to developing medicines and drugs, on these two countries  and many others. When it comes to medical devices, the same is true;  medical equipment, the same.   It raised a question in my mind as to whether we should do something  thoughtful and perspective in terms of dealing with global dependence  on medicine, medical devices, and medical supplies.   I am introducing legislation this week calling for the creation of a  commission to look at this dependence, to measure it today. Today we  are facing the coronavirus, the possible--I underline ``possible''-- interruption in the supply of pharmaceuticals and the supply of  pharmaceutical ingredients from China because of the coronavirus. Did  we anticipate this? Have we stockpiled enough of these drugs so we will  not be caught short on something that is absolutely vital? If we  haven't, we should.   We should also think about the prospect that in the future, for  certain critical drugs, there should be a domestic source in the United  States that we can count on if there is some interruption in global  trade because of a medical crisis such as this or because of terrorism,  for example. I hope we can get some guidance on this from the agencies  involved and from those we respect who can give us third-party judgment  on this.   Let us, at this moment in time as we face this crisis, look ahead to  what the next challenge might be and be prepared for it. As we debate  this coronavirus, I urge my colleagues to do our best to try to find  bipartisan ground to work on. I have found, across my State, regardless  of political allegiance, the people of Illinois and in many other  States are looking for us in Washington to address this problem  responsibly, in a mature way, in a totally nonpolitical way.   When statements are made by political observers, even by the  President himself, that are far afield from the truth, let's not be  derailed by that. Let's focus on medical expertise that we can trust,  public health experts who can guide us through this in the appropriate  way.   In the meantime, realize we are blessed to live in a country with the  best, most talented medical professionals in the world and the best  medical resources on Earth. We want to make certain we give them all  the room they need to lead us through this crisis and challenge in a  very positive way.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   