 Mr. Speaker, today we find ourselves in  the exact same situation as we were 5 months ago, voting on a so-called  coronavirus relief bill filled with 71 pages of Federal election  mandates that have nothing to do with providing relief to those  impacted by the coronavirus. It is yet another attempt by Democrats to  federalize our elections.   The bill mandates States provide same-day registration, 15 days of  early voting. It requires specific rules for polling locations, no- excuse vote-by-mail for every person, nationalizes ballot harvesting,  and the list of Federal election mandates goes on and on.   Unlike what my Democrat colleagues continue to tell the American  people, these provisions have nothing to do with the pandemic because  they were part of H.R. 1, which passed the House nearly a year before  the pandemic began.   That said, I have a bill, Mr. Speaker, that would address election  issues caused by the pandemic. It is called the EASE Act, and I would  welcome House Democrats bringing it up for a vote.   Not only am I troubled by this attempt to federalize our elections,  but it would change the rules midgame. Many States are already voting,  including my home State of Illinois. The U.S. Elections Project  estimates that more than a million people have already voted, meaning  some people would vote under one set of rules and, if this passed,  others would vote under another set of rules. This is not how fair  elections are run in the United States.   We have seen what happens when States have last-minute voting  changes. It creates mass voter confusion and leads to people being  disenfranchised.   This bill becoming law would be a disaster for election  administrators and lead to even more confusion surrounding the 2020  election in 33 days, and, ultimately, more people would be  disenfranchised.   If this bill was a serious attempt at helping schools reopen safely,  businesses keep their employees on payroll, or others impacted by the  coronavirus, 71 provisions aimed at federalizing our elections would  not be included.   My friends on the other side of the aisle should drop these  provisions and offer a clean bill to help our constituents, the  parents, business owners, workers, and others who have found their  lives turned upside down because of this pandemic.   