 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 748, the Coronavirus Aid,  Relief, and Economic Security Act. This bill will provide much-needed  relief and help Arkansas' families, hospitals, and businesses in this  unprecedented time.    I have spent much of the last 2 weeks in constant communication with  Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson and his team as well as  representatives and workers from almost every industry in our State. I  thank them for their compassionate and hard work. I thank them for  their perseverance.   Mr. Speaker, honorary American Winston Churchill said, ``You can  always count on the Americans to do the right thing after they have  tried everything else,'' so I am thankful that we rejected irrelevant  ideas and that both sides finally set aside their differences and came  to agreement that will help our families in these trying times.   May God bless the State of Arkansas, and God bless the United States  of America.    Mr. Speaker, the health and economic crisis  caused by COVID-19 is unprecedented in our lifetimes. We are seeing the  number of cases rise throughout the country, including in my home state  of Arkansas. After being in nearly constant communication with the  Arkansas Governor's office, hospitals, first responders, and business  leaders in Arkansas, relief from the federal government is needed to  help fight this virus and help keep our businesses from going under. It  is for these reasons that if a roll call vote is called for the vote on  the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, I will vote  yes.   Mr. Flores. Mr. Speaker, I rise to state that if there is a recorded  vote, I would vote: ``yea'' on H.R. 748, Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and  Economic Security Act, as amended.   As referenced in my earlier remarks during the H.R. 748 debate, this  legislation takes vital steps to send cash to struggling Texas  families, provide economic relief for small businesses and working  Americans, and give our healthcare providers more of the resources they  need.   