 Mr. Speaker, I rise in complete opposition to  this resolution.   First, this is a nonbinding resolution. If you really wanted to exert  some congressional decisionmaking, we would do a bill that goes before  the President and gets signed or gets vetoed. This is purely theatrics.   None of these Democrat leaders stood up when President Obama violated  the airspace of Pakistan to take out Osama bin Laden. Now, I am glad he  did that, but there was no congressional authorization to go into  Pakistan. At least here there is a congressional authorization for our  forces to be on the ground and using military power.   The President has clear authority under Article II to act when our  Nation and our military is at risk. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of  Staff said: ``The trigger for the drone strike that killed Soleimani  was `clear, unambiguous intelligence indicating a significant campaign  of violence against the United States in the days, weeks, and months,'  and that the administration would have been `culpably negligent' if it  didn't act''--General Mark Milley.   These people understand one thing, and it is strength. You will  recall that when President Clinton pulled our forces out of Somalia  after we got the black eye on Black Hawk Down, bin Laden cited that as  proof that Americans run away, that they won't stand and fight.   I have been to combat three times in this region of the world, twice  in Iraq and once in Afghanistan. I have looked these individuals in the  eye. It is strength that they understand. And, clearly, it has shown  itself to be true again.   This President stood up, and Iran's response was clear. They had two  audiences in their response:   At home, they wanted people to see strength. They shot 15 missiles.  Back in their press, they are saying they killed Americans. They  didn't, of course.   The other audience, the United States and the rest of the world, they  fired 16 missiles, all 16 missed. All 16 missiles missed.   Remember when they hit Saudi Arabia? All those missiles hit. They  know how to hit their target. They fired 16 missiles against us and not  one hit.   What is the message they are saying? Immediately after they fired  them, they stood up and said: We are done. No more. That is the end of  our response. They told the Shia militia groups to stand down. Muqtada  al-Sadr said to his people today: Stand down.   They respond to strength, and our President did the right thing. He  was a strong response, a strong response to storming a sovereign U.S.  territory of an embassy with 6,000 people, killing American  contractors, and wounding American soldiers with a rocket attack.   Mr. Speaker, this President made a strong response, and it has shown  itself to work.   