 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Speaker and am grateful  for the bipartisan support for this bill.   I want to say a special thank you to the ranking member, Mr. Bishop.  It has been an honor to serve under him, both as the ranking member and  the chairman of this committee. His leadership will be greatly missed.  It has been an honor to serve with him and under his leadership, and I  wish him the best in the years to come.   Mr. Speaker, I think most Americans are very familiar with great  military moments in our Nation's past and our history, and all of us  could name different places where some of those memorable battles  occurred. But many of the Nation's finest moments took place right here  in our own backyard, and many people are not even aware of some of  those battles.   One of those took place in the other Washington, Washington, Georgia,  in Wilkes County. As briefly was described, on February 14, 1779, there  was a sizable force of British loyalists who collided with a small but  ferocious band of American patriots. They were led by Colonel Andrew  Pickens in the Kettle Creek area. They were outnumbered 2 to 1, and  Colonel Pickens and his men suddenly attacked the Tory militia,  catching them by surprise. It was a bloody battle, a severe battle, a  brutal fight, but it ended up being one of the greatest victories in  the southern campaign during the revolutionary time. This battle  involved only a few hundred men, but the impact is enormous on the  entire Revolutionary War.   In fact, Colonel Pickens himself said of the Battle of Kettle Creek:  ``I believe it was the severest check and chastisement the Tories ever  received in South Carolina or Georgia.''   This engagement demonstrated conclusively that while the British  could hold areas and cities like Savannah or Charleston, they could  never grasp hold of the southern backcountry.   The courage shown by the outnumbered patriots is nothing shy of  absolutely legendary, and they are still honored in Georgia today. One  of those stories that I would like to share today is of an individual  named Austin Dabney.   Despite being a slave, Mr. Dabney served with honor and distinction  in the patriot military until he was shot in the thigh in the Battle of  Kettle Creek. Though crippled and returned to servitude, Mr. Dabney's  actions were never forgotten. In fact, after the war, in 1786, an  official act of the Georgia legislature emancipated Mr. Dabney, and  they granted him both land and a lifetime pension. This only scratches  the surface of Mr. Dabney's story. Yet, it is something that we need  never to forget.   Kettle Creek was added to the National Register of Historic Places in  1975, and the 2007 report to Congress by the American Battlefield  Protection Program of the National Park Service noted the Battle of  Kettle Creek having demonstrable influence on the course, conduct, and  results of the Revolutionary War.   Congress has made significant strides in preserving many of the  battlefields of the Civil War, but I think, unfortunately, many of the  battlefields of the Revolutionary War have been forgotten. We need to  remember those.   This legislation is critical to not only preserving Kettle Creek,  which has, by the way, tremendous support in the community and the  State, but I strongly believe that the stories of both Colonel Pickens  and the incredible stories of people like Austin Dabney are worth  saving. They are worth saving for generations to come.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to Kettle Creek being studied for  inclusion in the National Park System. I appreciate my colleagues'  support for this and urge the rest of our colleagues to support this  piece of history and this legislation.   