 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, this is a commonsense amendment that  will help ensure that the lands designated as wilderness in this  package are not areas that are at high risk for catastrophic wildfire.   One of the clear flaws of the package before us is the apparent  arbitrary process that was taken in determining the areas to designate  as wilderness. At the July 10 hearing that included the bills in  today's package, the BLM and Forest Service conveyed findings that a  significant number of the proposed wilderness additions are not  suitable to be added to the wilderness system.   It is critically important that wilderness designations are carefully  applied due to their highly restrictive limitations and to make sure to  take into account existing uses of the land that can be limited,  including wildfire risk.   The amount of public lands at high risk for catastrophic wildfire is  truly sobering. Just last year, the chief of the Forest Service warned  that a billion acres of land across America are at risk of catastrophic  wildfire.   This is especially true in the three States addressed in the  legislation before us, all three of which rank in the top 10,  nationally, for severe threat of wildfire: California, number 1;  Colorado, number 3; and Washington, number 6.   Mr. Chairman, I filed a bill today to plant a trillion trees. We can  use forests to help mitigate atmospheric carbon. When we lock these  forests away in wilderness areas, we are taking that off the table and  actually adding to climate change by putting forests at risk of  catastrophic wildfires that emit carbon.   This is a commonsense amendment. We don't need to be putting these  areas into wilderness areas and taking them off the table to use in  fighting the mitigation of carbon. This amendment will make sure that  we are not unwisely designating areas that have been identified at high  risk of catastrophic wildfire.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to look at the  science. I urge my colleagues to look at the law, look at what  wilderness area means. It means untrampled by man. It means man has a  hands-off approach to it.   Wilderness areas can be resilient to fire if they are designated  appropriately, but when we have the experts at the BLM and the Forest  Service saying these lands are not suitable for wilderness areas, when  these areas are close to roads, when they are close to homes and  property, we are treading on dangerous ground here. We are not applying  the science. We are not applying the opinions of the experts. We are  just saying we want to randomly call something wilderness area and  think that, randomly, our approach is going to be suppression.   If our idea of management is suppression, we are losing ground. We  should be doing things to prevent fire. An ounce of prevention is worth  a pound of cure. And if our plan is we are just going to roll the dice  but we can put the fire out when these wilderness areas catch on fire,  I think we are sending the wrong message and we are making bad policy.    So, again, I encourage my colleagues to vote for this amendment that  is common sense and that will do good in the long run.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, if we are allowing management in an  area, then, by definition, it shouldn't be a wilderness area. If our  plan is to put the fire out when it starts and it could possibly do  damage to property or life, that is not a very good plan.   We shouldn't be putting areas into wilderness that is close to  wildland-urban interfaces, that is close to where people live, and  taking management completely off the table.   I have wilderness areas in my district and in my State, and they are  managed as wilderness areas, which means they are not managed at all.   Again, this is common sense. Listen to the experts. If this area is  not suitable to be in a wilderness area, we shouldn't be designating it  a wilderness area.   I encourage my colleagues to vote for this amendment. Mr. Chair, I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, this strikes all the potential wilderness  designations proposed in this package, which is a very vague and  ambiguous designation that gives broad discretion to the relevant land  management agencies to designate these areas as wilderness at a later  time.   As I previously mentioned during debate on the last amendment, one of  the clear flaws of the package before us is the apparent arbitrary  process that was taken in determining the areas to designate as  wilderness. This shortcoming, unfortunately, extends to the potential  wilderness designations in the bill as well.   Official testimony from the land management agencies raised concerns  about many of these suspect designations not possessing appropriate  wilderness characteristics.   For example, in the Washington portion of this package, many of the  5,000 acres set to become potential wilderness are largely near roads  and include large amounts of previously harvested stands of timber.   These are clearly roads that the proponents of this bill want to  close. However, this is the wrong way to do that. Locking up vast  swaths of land is a bad way to manage Federal land.   And I reiterate, if we want to do something about atmospheric carbon  and use our forest as a tool, locking them up where we can't touch them  is not the way to do that. We should be investing in sustainable,  proactive measures that balance both resource stewardship and local  input.   This amendment will remove some of the ambiguity from this package  and will allow local communities to continue to benefit from lands and  roads in these areas.   Mr. Chair, it is for those reasons I again urge my colleagues to vote  for this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, there are a couple of things that I would  like to point out here.   First off, I am having a hard time understanding the logic. I  appreciate the gentlewoman trying to explain what these potential  wilderness areas are, but in the debate on the last amendment, the  gentlewoman pointed out that we shouldn't be ceding any power to the  executive branch, which designating something a potential wilderness  area would cede all that power to the executive branch to determine if  that could be a wilderness area in the future.  [[Page H1096]]    There is a process to designate a wilderness area. It is called a  wilderness study area. We have done that all across the country. I have  seen it done in my State, and there are certain criteria that you have  to meet when you are in a wilderness study area to be designated  wilderness.   Congress can change the law if they want to. They can violate the  Wilderness Protection Act that was put in place, but that is not a wise  thing to do.   For instance, there is an area in my State that is in a wilderness  study area that has beautiful trees on it, but those trees are loblolly  pine trees. They are nonnative to that site. So you could put that into  a wilderness area, but by definition, you can't have nonnative tree  species on that site.    Those are the kinds of things that the agencies look for when they go  through a wilderness study program and when they propose to designate  areas as wilderness. Just haphazardly doing it, putting it in areas  where it shouldn't be, and designating potential wilderness is leaving  the science out it, and it is making it all about politics.   Mr. Chair, again, I encourage my colleagues to be rational and to  vote for this simple amendment. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, again, I encourage the adoption of this  commonsense amendment; that we let the science rule; that we keep land  available, our precious land and our precious resources to use in this  fight to remove atmospheric carbon, to make the world a better place,  and for environmental stewardship for the future.   That is why I offered this amendment and why I encourage my  colleagues to support it.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chairman, I have had an opportunity to visit this  beautiful part of the world that my colleague from Washington  represents, and I know that he has the best interests of those  beautiful forests and beautiful natural areas at heart, and it is  because of this and because of this commonsense amendment that I can  rise in support of it.   Although I do not believe it goes far enough to address some of the  legitimate concerns raised by local stakeholders, it is a great step in  the right direction.   Instead of simply removing proposed wild and scenic designations from  State trust lands that are managed by the Washington Department of  Natural Resources to generate revenue for schools, counties, and other  beneficiaries, the amendment directs the Secretary of Agriculture to  work with the DNR to develop these cooperative management agreements to  guide the management of those rivers.   Now, overlaying DNR trust lands with wild and scenic designations  subjects these trust lands to additional process, and I believe it will  make it more difficult for DNR to propose timber harvest in these areas  that could potentially cost school funding and other benefits.   The savings language added in this amendment can only clarify what is  required under Federal law. Nothing in the savings language alleviates  DNR from potential added burdens under Washington State's Environmental  Protection Act, potential litigation based on the wild and scenic  overlays and adjacent wilderness, or precludes potential State  litigation based on the new designations.   This amendment also appears to recognize the tremendous burden this  legislation will put on the Olympic National Forest.   Under the Wild and Scenic Act, the Olympic will be required to  prepare comprehensive river management plans for 19 new Wild and Scenic  Rivers across 464 miles of river, all of that within 3 years.   The amendment seeks to give the forest the potential for a 2-year  extension, but the reality is the staff of this forest will be spending  the next several years doing paperwork instead of proposing projects to  restore forest, to replace culverts, or increase timber harvest, all  things that have broad support. All the while, the Olympic National  Forest is still living under a forest plan that hasn't been revised  since 1994, when the Clinton Northwest Forest Plan was adopted.   Most of the rivers proposed for the wild and scenic designation were  not found to be suitable by the Forest Service. Currently, in the State  of Washington, there are 197 miles of Wild and Scenic River. This  legislation would more than quintuple the miles of Wild and Scenic  River in Washington.   So, Mr. Chair, while I wish this amendment went further, I  congratulate my colleague and encourage him to continue working with  stakeholders, and I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  amendment which does make the underlying bill better.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   