 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I have prepared remarks, but before I do  that, I want to thank the pages who are in this class right now. They  are hard at work, and they do so much for this institution. I just want  it written in the Record of the U.S. Senate that on this day in March,  the junior Senator from New Jersey recognized them for everything they  do around here, even though they do not tell jokes that are very good.   Now, if I may start my prepared remarks, I rise today with other  colleagues who are speaking, particularly my colleague from  Connecticut, Senator Murphy, to speak on a bill that actually passed  out of the House, which was something that was extraordinary. It passed  out of the House of Representatives just over a full year ago, and we  are waiting here in the Senate for it to come to the floor.   I am one of these folks who really believe that we have too much  unnecessary partisanship around issues when there is so much common  cause in our country and when there is so much common ground in our  country. Yes, indeed, debate is important. Disagreement is important.  It undergirds the ideals of democracy that we should form a national  conversation and work through our differences--the idea that that  actually produces a better whole and a better result.   But when we have a nation that has such extensive agreement on an  issue, where 97 percent of Americans agree, where Republicans and  Democrats in the House of Representatives agree, and we can't get  action here, to me, that is not adding to the strength of democracy. It  is weakening our Republic.   It was almost exactly a year ago that the House of Representatives  passed H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2019. This  legislation would require a background check before any sale or  transfer of a firearm. Under existing law, you can go to a gun show and  purchase a gun from an unlicensed seller without having gone through a  background check. Think about this. You could be on a terrorist no-fly  list; you could be a convicted felon; and you could be a spousal  abuser. You can be a lot of things--anything--and be able to go to an  unlicensed seller at a gun show and fill up a trunk full of weapons.  This is a glaring loophole that allows dangerous individuals--who we  all agree are dangerous--to purchase a gun in violation of Federal law.   Again, 97 percent of Americans wanted that loophole closed. The  evidence is clear. A study found last year that States that have this  commonsense, widely supported, bipartisanly backed background check  law--when States have it in place, they get 10 percent lower homicide  rates. This isn't speculation. Folks who have that law in place on a  State level have 10 percent fewer homicides.   But today, over a year out of its passage out of the House, the  Senate has failed to take up this commonsense bill, which we know-- which we know factually--would save lives.   What is one of the fundamental reasons our government was founded in  the first place? For the common defense. We are here to defend our  Nation from violence, from terror, from injury, from harm. Everyone in  this body takes that commitment very seriously. So here we have  something 97 percent of Americans want. We know it would save lives,  protect our country and, yet, no action. The bill has not come to the  floor.   I know this personally. I was the mayor of my State's largest city,  and in the overwhelming majority of homicides and shootings where we  captured the person and found out how they got their gun, they were not  qualified to buy a gun. It was illegal for them to buy a gun in any  State because many of them had criminal convictions. Yet they found  easy ways to obtain a gun because we have so many loopholes in the  commonsense law--loopholes that allow violence to happen that is  terrorizing communities. Of course, we know that is not just anecdotal  evidence. According to the Gun Violence Archive,  [[Page S1278]]  an estimated 15,208 people were killed with a gun in the United States  in 2019.    We know that gun violence is the single leading cause of death for  children and teenagers. Our greatest natural resource in this country  is our children. Black children and teenagers are 14 times more likely  to die of gun homicide than their White peers. There is tragic carnage  going on for African-American kids. In just one city, for example, in  St. Louis, MO, between April and September of last year, 13 children  ranging in age from 2 to 16 were killed by a gun.   There is another kind of gun violence we don't talk about. We don't  talk enough about the death of our children, but we definitely don't  talk about domestic violence in our country. It is factual that when an  abuser can get a gun--if that abuser has a gun, a victim of domestic  violence is five times more likely to be killed. Again, with the racial  disparities in communities of color like the one I live in, we know a  Black woman is twice as likely to be shot and killed by an intimate  partner as well.   Our duty is to protect this Nation and to protect one another. This  is not controversial when you have 97 percent--97 percent. Every year  in the United States of America, on average, 100,000 people are shot,  and they survive. Many of them will carry with them, for their lives,  mental and physical wounds. The economic cost of being a gun violence  survivor is measured in the tens and tens of thousands of dollars. The  community costs of folks being killed--I have seen this in my community  when a shooting happened in front of the IHOP in Newark on Bergen  Street. The IHOP had to close one of its shifts, and people lost jobs.  It reverberates out into the community.   You see scars happening every day in America. These wounds are  physical, are economic, and involve mental health. I can't tell you how  many communities in America--when we celebrate the very ideas of our  country on July 4, when those firecrackers go off and children hear  them, they duck for cover. They hide under beds. They show signs of  post-traumatic stress. That is what we are living in right now. This is  an everyday reality.   I just came to the floor today to point out that a year--12 months,  365 days--from the House's passing of the bipartisan bill supported by  97 percent of Americans, which is fundamental to the reason for  government, the common defense in the wake of one of the greatest  killers of children in our country--all of these things, and we here  are doing nothing.   What did Martin Luther King say? What we have to repent for is not  just the vitriolic words and violent actions of the bad people; it is  also the appalling silence and inaction of the good people.   I have stood for comprehensive gun safety reform, and a lot of things  I support aren't supported by 97 percent of Americans like background  checks. Heck, I support gun licensing. The percentage of Americans who  support that falls into the seventies. I support an assault weapons  ban. Support for that falls as well. So maybe that is an area where we  debate. I will stand for those commonsense changes because, again, I  believe in the data. States that do that have seen dramatic drops in  violence. We can debate that.   But when we have a bill from the House that 97 percent of Americans  support, that has bipartisan support, that we know will save lives, and  we don't act, what does that say about us? Every day in this country,  people are being shot, and people are killed, and we do nothing when we  all agree.   This week, March 7, will mark the 55th anniversary of the day that  600 civil rights activists, led by a young man named   John Lewis, set  out to walk from Selma to Montgomery to protest systematic racialized  disenfranchisement, discrimination, and violence. Those nonviolent  protesters were met with vicious beatings with billy clubs by Alabama  State troopers. They had tear gas and dogs set on them. Congressman  Lewis had his skull cracked open.   By the next day, Americans all over this country--that horrific  scene, we know this as Bloody Sunday--Americans all over this country  saw that violence, saw that viciousness, and saw what was being done to  people who were nonviolent marchers fighting for justice and equality.  It motivated Americans of all backgrounds--Black, White, Christian,  Jewish, Republican, and Democrat--to join in the call for change.   I love this Nation, and I love my country. I love folks who agree  with me and who disagree with me. I think patriotism is love of  country, and you can't love your country unless you love your fellow  country men and women.   I say to the Presiding Officer, I love you, man.   My friends across the aisle, we don't agree. Heck, in our own caucus,  we don't agree, but we love one another.   My faith and the other faiths represented in this body--I am excited  that we have more religious diversity in this body than ever before-- all of our faiths are founded on this fundamental principle: Love thy  neighbor.   This is the challenge. It is, how do we manifest love into our  policy? Well, as I have read, one of the great authors said: What does  love look like in public? It looks like justice.   This is the great thing about our country. We don't always act right  away, but throughout our history, when we were confronted with the  wretchedness of our society, with the incongruences between reality and  our morals and beliefs, we have seen this country rise up and make  change. When four girls died in the bombing in Birmingham, it shocked  the conscience of this country, and we made change. When women in a  factory called the Triangle shirtwaist factory were trapped in  sweatshop-like conditions--a fire broke out--this country watched in  horror, read about in horror back then, and saw in horror through the  pictures of women throwing themselves out windows, dying on the  pavement below, it shocked the conscience of this country, and we in  this body passed laws to protect workers. I could go on throughout our  entire history.   We are not always fast to get there, but we are a caring,  compassionate, loving country. We are. That is the root of who we are.  They are the values we profess. I know that as much as we disagree and  try to vilify each other, the truth is, we are a nation founded on the  ideals of love.   Again, I look at my colleague up there in that seat. I have watched  him. I saw him on HBO reading our founding documents. It was moving to  me to see Republicans and Democrats--I am sure you saw it--reading our  founding documents. Our Declaration of Independence--I hate to say  this, you might say I am a little too mushy--it ends with one of the  greatest declarations of love in human history. It says, if we are  going to make this Nation work, all the stuff we just talked about, if  we are going to be the country that is, as the prophet Isaiah said,  ultimately a light unto other nations, inspiring free peoples across  the globe--we are the oldest constitutional democracy. We stepped out  into the course of human events and said we are going to found a  country based on virtue, not a theocracy, not a monarchy, on virtue-- that we would be a nation based on ideas. And those ideas, as imperfect  as the geniuses who founded this country--and, God, they didn't believe  that women were equal or Blacks were equal, but they believed in those  ideals and those virtues and that this Nation should always strive to  make a more perfect Union, making more real those virtues and those  values in people's lives. The history of our country is a glorious  testimony of us getting better and better with each generation.   Susan B. Anthony stood up and said that it was we the people, not we  the male citizens that made this country, not the White male citizens.  It was we the people. She used the words of our founding documents to  inform her moment of history to call to the conscience of our country.   Martin Luther King, right here in DC on the Mall, did he turn to some  new radical treatise? No. He went back to our founding documents and  quoted them in his speech at the March on Washington. That is the  beauty of our Nation.   So what does it say, that testimony to love, that the founding of our  Nation in the Declaration of Independence--and, yes, to all those  people, I will give you deference that that declaration called Native  Americans savages. I will give you deference that the men who wrote  them were imperfect representatives of the values to which  [[Page S1279]]  they were called to, but that declaration of love at the end is  unmistakable. At the end of the Declaration of Independence, they say,  if we are to make it all work, we must mutually pledge--I look at my  colleague in the seat because he knows these words backward and  forward. It says we must mutually pledge; that is, pledge to each other  our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor.   God, I think about those words more than you might realize. What does  it mean to give someone your sacred honor, to pledge to them your lives  and your fortunes? God, I would die for this country, as I know my  colleagues would. None of the people in this body--I know many of my  friends in this body have come here with great wealth, but none of them  are doing it for wealth.   Our lives, our fortunes, but that last one, sacred honor, what does  that mean? To me, a word that evokes that greatest of human values,  love; that word that we honor each other. We believe we are people who  must elevate each other and protect each other.   There is a bill in the House that passed in a bipartisan way on that  fundamental ideal of being there for one another. Whether you pray like  me or look like me, we are there for one another. We protect each  other. We stand for each other. I may have differences with the man in  that seat who is on the other side of the aisle, but, God, I give you  my sacred honor that I am not going to vilify or demonize your  character because we are Americans.   Now, the call of our country is people who are overlooked are dying  every day in communities like mine around this country, people being  felled by domestic abusers. We know from the data that this can make a  difference, a bipartisan voice. Ninety percent of Americans ask: Can we  pass comprehensive background checks?   We can do better. Let's leave the things we want to debate that, God,  I want to debate--gun licensing, assault weapons ban, leave those  aside, but we agree that someone on the terrorist no-fly list should  not be able to go to a gun show and go to a casual seller and buy  weapons. Those are the weapons showing up on the streets in Newark. We  have traced them.       My country tis of thee      Sweet [sweet] land of liberty      Of thee I sing.    May our country be free from fear and free from violence, and may we  be empathetic toward those today who are fearful of their abuser, who  are fearful to walk their kids to school. May we understand that that  liberty to fight for freedom from fear is still an unachieved dream in  this country. That liberty that comes from safety and security is still  an unrealized dream for millions of Americans. May we join together and  pledge our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. May we pledge to  one another to do the work America wants--to keep each other safe and  secure and to ensure our children, disproportionately impacted by  violence, grow up to carry on our culture, and our traditions, and the  honor that is America.   I yield the floor.   