 Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues to  stress the urgency for Congress to provide robust, flexible assistance  to State and local governments on the frontlines of the COVID-19  pandemic.   Because this administration has failed to devise and deploy a  national response to a national emergency, the burden of containing and  defeating the virus has largely fallen on our States, our counties, and  our municipalities. They are expending enormous resources to expand  testing, shore up hospitals, process unemployment claims, and get our  residents the help they desperately need.   At the same time, revenues have fallen off a cliff due to the  economic fallout. Monies collected from sales, property taxes, building  permits, court fees, parking meters, transit fares--you name it--are  all down.   I served at every level of government in New Jersey--the school  board, mayor, State legislature. I know exactly what they are going  through. It isn't about any irresponsibility on their part. It is the  consequences of a national pandemic. We didn't ask for 14,000 of our  citizens in New Jersey to die. We didn't ask for nearly 180,000 New  Jerseyans to ultimately be infected. But that is our reality. And that  is not only our reality. There are other States similarly situated.   Unlike the Federal Government, virtually all State and local  governments are constitutionally obligated--constitutionally  obligated--to pass a balanced budget. Forty-five States have a June 30  deadline. That is tomorrow. Others are fast approaching.   This isn't a blue State or red State issue. This isn't about  pensions, as some have tried to suggest. This is a red, white, and blue  issue. It is an American issue. This virus doesn't see political  boundaries. This isn't an issue of fiscal responsibility. No one--no  one--is immune. We see it across the Nation, huge spikes taking place  in Florida, in Texas, in Arizona, and others.   Earlier today, the bipartisan National Governors Association, the  National League of Cities, the National Association of Counties, the  U.S. Conference Mayors, the National Conference of State Legislatures,  the Council of State Governments, and the International City/County  Management Association sent a joint letter to Senate leadership. I have  been a part of some of those organizations at different times. I have  never seen them all come together on any given issue. They came  together on this one.   Over 170 businesses and organizations signed on, all unified with a  clear message that, if we fail to provide our States and communities  with immediate assistance, we will only hamper  [[Page S3646]]  our Nation's ability to fully recover, and Americans will needlessly  suffer.   According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, more than 1.4 million  public employees and counting have been laid off or furloughed across  the country--over 90,000 in Texas; 65,000 in Ohio; nearly 30,000 in  Kentucky; 25,000 both in Colorado and Florida. Every State and  community is bleeding.   We are talking about first responders, teachers, nurses, sanitation  workers, and other employees on the frontlines of the COVID fight. We  need them on the job, not the unemployment line. It would be the height  of irony that the result of the pandemic or, more importantly, our  government's unwillingness to respond to the challenge of State and  municipalities is that those whom we needed the most, those whom we  still need the most, those whom we will need the most tomorrow are  going to be laid off.   The essential services our residents and businesses rely upon are  being slashed left and right. For instance, the National League of  Cities reports that more than 700 U.S. cities have halted roadway  repairs and delayed equipment purchases to plug local budget holes. We  are seeing deep, painful cuts across the board. Moody's projected last  week that State budget shortfalls will top $500 billion over the next 3  years.   Now, I have heard some in this body argue that if we just reopen our  economy, we would negate the need for Congress to act. Well, that has  been proven a fallacy. COVID-19 cases are spiking across the country,  especially in those States that were quick to reopen. We are seeing  daily records being set in places like Arizona, Florida, Georgia, and  Texas, forcing some areas to tighten their restrictions.   Yet, in my home State of New Jersey, which was second only to New  York in the number of COVID cases, we have not just flattened the  curve; our infection rates are dropping. As we methodically and  responsibly reopen, there is no doubt that the emergency protection  measures we took in New Jersey helped stop the spread of COVID-19 and  save lives, but that progress has come with tremendous economic pain  and personal sacrifice that no State and community will be able to  escape.   So we can't allow ourselves to be handcuffed to partisan ideology.  This isn't about left or right, conservative or progressive politics. I  honestly believe that most of our colleagues on the Republican side  understand this. Most recognize that forcing States and communities to  go bankrupt is not a conservative principle, that the last thing we  need during an economic crisis is to send 3 to 4 million public workers  to the unemployment line without the ability for them to respond on our  collective behalf.   We need bold bipartisan action to address this national crisis. That  is why the State Municipal Assistance for Response and Transition Act,  or the SMART Act, is the commonsense solution we need to give our  communities a fighting chance and to stop the economy from freefall.   I want to thank Senators Cassidy, Hyde-Smith, Collins, Manchin, and  Booker for joining me in this bipartisan effort, and we are working  every day to build more support.   The SMART Act provides $500 billion in flexible Federal funds that  will help our communities dramatically expand the testing capacity and  contact tracing we need to contain the virus, which is a necessary step  to restoring consumer confidence and restarting the economy.   It will help stave off massive layoffs, tax hikes, and deep, painful  cuts to essential services. It will keep our EMTs, firefighters, public  health workers, teachers, and other essential employees on the job  during this critical time--because it is not just about defeating  COVID-19. We still need to keep our first responders on the job, our  children learning, the trash picked up, the roads maintained, and the  buses and trains running on time.   Unless we act soon, we will see more mass layoffs, devastating tax  increases, and a breakdown in public safety and essential services. We  cannot--in all good conscience--sit back and watch our States,  counties, cities, and towns fail. We cannot shift the Federal  Government's responsibility and then leave them holding the bag.   We can't turn our backs on the American people. A national emergency  requires a national response, and it is this body's sworn duty to act,  to send our States and local communities the resources they desperately  need to combat COVID-19 and to continue to serve the constituents we  have all been elected to represent.   If the safety and security of the American people is job one, this is  also safety and security.   I will close with this. I appreciate that there are different points  of view, but I really get upset when I hear that States like mine or  others somehow want to be bailed out.   I will tell you what--New Jersey would be happy to take the excess  money it sends to the Federal Treasury rather than what it gets in  return--billions of dollars--and say: We will handle the problem on our  own.   We would like to see some of our fellow States here, which receive  more money than they contribute to the Federal Treasury, return it. We  are not a moocher State; we are a donor State.   So some of my colleagues here should look: They get $20 billion, $30  billion more from the Federal Government than they pay into the Federal  Treasury. We in New Jersey pay more than we get.   Now that we are in the midst of a national emergency in which we have  thousands of our citizens dying, thousands more still infected, and we  did the right thing in order to stop the dying, we should pay a greater  consequence because we did the right thing in doing job No. 1: the  safety and security of our citizens?   I don't think so.   I yield the floor.   