 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss the  Senate plan for justice reform.   First, it is important to note that justice will not come from any  community with lawlessness. It will not come from any community with a  disregard for law and order. It will not come from any community with  radical cuts in police budgets in cities like New York and Los Angeles.  It will not come from any community that defunds the police.   These are not the solutions that Americans are seeking. Yet I see  headlines from around the country with pictures of those demonstrating  and applauding Democrat politicians who are calling for defunding of  the police--the Democrat politicians who are demanding not just  defunding but also dismantling the police in their own communities.   That will not work. That will not work, and the American people see  it and they know it. In fact, a new ABC poll finds that 64 percent of  Americans oppose these dangerous, liberal ideas like defunding the  police, and 60 percent oppose police department budget cuts.   Liberal leaders, meanwhile--look, they have let anarchists occupy  part of Seattle. You turn on the TV, and you can see what is happening  there. They have actually burned down a police precinct.   They called this area CHAZ--C-H-A-Z--the Capitol Hill Autonomous  Zone. Can you imagine such a thing? Well, now they have renamed it to  CHOP, which stands for the Capitol Hill Occupied Protest. Whatever they  want to  [[Page S2993]]  call it, to me and to Americans all across the country, it is still  criminal lawlessness.   Democrats and Republicans need to stand up to these dangerous  radicals. We must never defund or disband the police--never. Defunding  police departments is a dangerous idea. Violent crime will spike. Call  911, and no one will be there to respond to your emergency.   I believe that rather than defund, we must defend the police as  appropriate and make sure that we invest more in law enforcement, not  less. We need to improve police training, accountability, transparency,  recruiting, and community engagement, and that is what the Republican  bill does.   House Democrats have written a very partisan bill, aimed at making  over and taking over--not just making over but also taking over-- policing in America. The Democrats' plan would nationalize the police-- nationalize it--18,000 police units and 800,000 police officers-- nationalize the police and, of course, without adequate funding.   The truth is that the House isn't even in session. Their plan was  written in secret. House Democrats didn't consult Republicans and,  apparently, didn't even consult a number of their own Members. They  didn't plan to debate the bill and don't plan to debate it for a couple  of weeks.   As you know, Republicans, on the other hand, have been working and  listening, and we are leading. Our effort, of course, is led by Senator  Tim Scott of South Carolina. We have developed what I believe is a  smart plan and a workable solution. The bill is called the JUSTICE Act.  It is written to garner bipartisan support, and I hope some of our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle will join in this effort.   This is a sensible measure that will make bipartisan justice reform a  reality that we need. It is not a political exercise. It is practical  legislation, and it deserves to become law. So I hope Democrats will  join in the effort.   The JUSTICE Act includes a number of very important reforms. It  provides for every police officer in the country to use body cameras to  curb the unnecessary use of force. I will tell you that I believe that  body cameras have made a difference in changing the hearts of Americans  all across the country.   It requires States that receive Federal grants to report details of  all uses of force causing death or serious injury. For the first time,  we will have real, actionable data.   It promotes greater access to officer employment records to improve  hiring practices. This prevents bad officers from moving from one  department to another.   It provides funds to help police departments recruit and hire officer  candidates that better reflect the diversity of the communities in  which they serve.   It requires higher standards for police to obtain and use no-knock  search warrants. These warrants will allow officers to enter homes  without announcing their presence.   Our bill creates two commissions to report back to Congress. A new  commission on civil rights will study and report on ways to address  issues affecting Black men and boys, and a criminal justice commission,  modeled on the  9/11 Commission, will recommend criminal justice reforms.   Now, the Senate has already passed this commission, and we have done  it unanimously. We sent it to the House and they have failed to act.   Our bill also requires police training on deescalation tactics and  alternatives to the use of force.   I believe the JUSTICE Act is important legislation. I would like to  see it on the floor in the very near future.   Still, there are limits to Federal action. Law enforcement is  governed by State laws and is largely managed by local officials. State  and local leaders must step up and do their part.   With the JUSTICE Act, we have taken an essential step forward in what  we all realize is a necessary process.   So I urge all my colleagues--on both sides of the aisle--to support  this plan for necessary justice reform.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   