 Mr. Speaker, President Trump's declaration of a national  emergency is a call to action to protect American's health and well- being and protect the economy.   This bill, thanks to the leadership of Secretary Mnuchin and Leader  McCarthy, and working with both sides of the aisle, meets many of these  goals.   The President has succeeded in working with the private sector to  achieve free testing, and now our bill builds on that. Americans in  need of lab tests for the coronavirus will get them free.   We are making good on President Trump's promise to provide financial  assistance for working Americans who are ``ill, quarantined, or caring  for others due to coronavirus,'' and it does so using our Tax Code  rather than by creating a new entitlement.   The original bill contained provisions that would create undue  burdens on America's small businesses. I have spoken directly with  President Trump, the champion of small business, who agrees that  America's small businesses need flexibility and cash flow when  providing emergency leave for workers so that they can operate and  survive during this economic challenge.   In order to help small businesses and their workers, language has  been added to this bill, and President Trump is directing the  Secretaries of the Treasury and Labor to write rules to ensure that  small businesses do have the flexibility to provide paid leave for  their employees.   They shouldn't have to be concerned about cash flow when they work to  retain the workers they need to operate and keep serving their  customers and our communities. This is vital to America's economic  rebound.   This bill also protects seniors and those with severe medical  conditions by ensuring that the Social Security Administration is not  running a new permanent mandate.   We were also able to stop some misguided demands. In this bill, the  health provisions are now limited to COVID-19 without including  unrelated treatments, ensuring that pro-life Hyde amendment protections  remain intact to prevent taxpayer funds being used for abortions.   Republicans were able to block efforts to add new burdens on  hospitals that would have overruled the CDC's science-based guidelines  and prevented critical flexibility for our local healthcare providers.   These are temporary, targeted measures. They are temporary because we  have seen what happens when a bill that is supposed to be ``timely,  targeted, and temporary'' drags on for years. It prolongs economic  hardship.   We will rebound, and we will rebound strongly. Good policies--ones  that strengthen our local communities--result in speedy recoveries.   In America, we know we are blessed, even when faced with great  adversity. We are blessed by an abundance not only of resources but of  spirit. It is that very spirit that will get us through the coronavirus  and the other challenges we face in the future.   While today's bill is not perfect, it is another step in the right  direction toward safety and security and a revitalized economy.   I encourage my colleagues to vote for this bill and then come back to  the table so we can continue our work to keep American workers and  families prepared, safe, and healthy.   