 Mr. Speaker, I thank the Republican leader and our  ranking member, Mr. Graves from Missouri, for their continued  leadership on the consideration of the Water Resource Development Acts,  or WRDAs.   Today I rise in strong support of H.R. 7575, WRDA 2020. H.R. 7575  strengthens our Nation's ability to withstand severe weather and flood  events. It authorizes the construction of key water infrastructure  projects, creates jobs here at home, and directly contributes to our  economic growth and competitiveness.   The Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, where I have the  honor of serving as ranking member, has jurisdiction over the water  resources development missions of the U.S. Corps of Engineers. H.R.  7575 authorizes vital Corps projects for navigation; flood control;  shoreline protection; recreation; water supply; environmental  protection, restoration, and enhancement; and fish and wildlife  management.   This WRDA bill focuses on supporting more resilient infrastructure,  increasing rural flood protection, addressing the maintenance backlogs  at our Nation's ports and harbors, and prioritizes our Nation's inland  waterways.   This bill will help key projects in my home State of Arkansas that  will spur economic development and prevent further environmental  degradation. It advances the long-stalled MKARNS deepening project,  protects the water supply for users of the Ouachita-Black system, and  begins the process of preventing bank destabilization of the Sulphur  River.   Our committee passed this bill 2 weeks ago by a voice vote,  continuing the strong bipartisan support and the WRDA tradition.   H.R. 7575 is fiscally responsible, with new project authorizations  fully offset by deauthorizations of projects that are outdated or no  longer viable.   Above all, this legislation represents the continued bipartisan  commitment to regular order for consideration of water resources  projects. Regularly overseeing the improvement of our Nation's  infrastructure is one of Congress' most important responsibilities.   This is a good, commonsense bill, and I want to thank Chair DeFazio  and especially Chair Napolitano for her leadership on our Water  Resources and Environment Subcommittee, and both of them for working  across the aisle with us.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the incredible staff work  on both sides of the aisle, but, in particular, the Republican staff,  which includes Ian Bennitt, Jon Pawlow, and Victor Sarmiento. I also  want to recognize Jefferson Deming on my staff for his work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 7575.   