 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Child Care  Is Essential Act, a bill that will help childcare centers stay open  through this pandemic and help us reopen our economy.   For almost 5 months now, families have struggled to balance work and  childcare. Meanwhile, essential workers, including farmworkers,  healthcare workers, police, and firefighters, rely on childcare for  their families and for them to do their jobs.   But as this pandemic continues, it gets more difficult for childcare  providers to keep their doors open. Just 29 percent of childcare and  education centers in Monterey County in my district are currently open  and operating. Without help from the Federal Government, our childcare  centers will have to close, and our essential workers will be unable to  serve our communities.   That is why I urge my colleagues to vote for the Child Care Is  Essential Act, because, with these grants to childcare providers, they  can stay open and safely operate during this pandemic but also play a  critical part in our Nation's rebuilding and recovery.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking  member.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 2020 Water Resources  Development Act, a bill that includes language that I fought for to  ensure that the Federal Government not just supports and funds flood  control projects, but also supports those projects in economically  disadvantaged communities.   For too long, the Army Corps has relied on an outdated metric when  making decisions whether or not to invest. Unfortunately, it is a  metric that doesn't always capture the project's full value, including  the potential loss of valuable agricultural land, like that in the  Pajaro Valley in my district on the central coast of California.   Mr. Speaker, I have to say, though, with continued pressure by me and  many other stakeholders, I am proud that the 2020 WRDA contains  language that directs the Army Corps when they re-scope projects to  take into account non-Federal interests, especially in economically  disadvantaged communities.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and ranking member for their  leadership on WRDA, and I look forward to working with them to reach a  final compromise with the Senate that maintains this language to  properly invest in all communities, not just to save money, but to save  lives.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  for having this Special Order in which we rise, remember, and recognize  one of our country's civil rights champions, one of America's heroes,  my friend, our colleague, and, yes, the conscience of Congress,  Congressman John Robert Lewis.   Now, unlike some other Members that spoke earlier, even though John  was a fellow Member of Congress, he was a fellow Member on the Ways and  Means Committee, I have to say I never got used to having John Lewis as  a fellow colleague.   As Mr. Kelly alluded to and said, I should say, we do have a family  here on the Ways and Means Committee, but it was clear that John was  that favorite child. All of us were in awe as to everything he did and  everything that John stood for.   And that is part of the reason why my wife and I took our two  daughters down to Selma, Alabama, this last March to walk arm in arm  with John Lewis across the Edmund Pettus Bridge for the last time.   Now, obviously, with the ceremonies this week in John's passing we  have been thinking a lot about John, but this past weekend I could not  get him out of my head. And it resonated with me the most when my wife  and I took our two daughters up to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and we  stood on the battlefield, in that cemetery and at that monument and  read the speech that President Lincoln gave to consecrate that hallowed  ground. And I can tell you it reminded me of the lifelong fight of John  Lewis. It reminded me of our Nation's lifelong fight for equality. And  it reminded me of our continued fight today. And you will see what I  mean when I use some of that speech in my following remarks.   Although we are a Nation conceived in liberty and equality, it seems  as if now our Nation is divided and being tested as to whether we can  endure together. Now we gather here tonight to honor the death of a man  who literally shed blood so that our Nation can live together. But in a  larger sense what we say here tonight is nothing compared to what John  Lewis did throughout his life.   See, as with most of our speeches on the House floor, the world will  little note nor long remember what we say here tonight, but it can  never forget what John did, not only in this Chamber, but also for  civil rights and for this country.   So it is for us, from Congress Members to frontline workers to  peaceful protestors to be dedicated to the unfinished work which John  fought for and so nobly advanced. And with the passing of John Lewis  let us be dedicated to the task remaining before us, that from John's  life we take increased devotion to the cause for which he gave full  measure of devotion that we here highly resolve, that his actions, his  service, his sacrifice shall never be in vain, that this Nation under  God shall continue to have freedom and equality and that our government  of the people, by the people, and for the people shall never perish  from this Earth, but shall always live with the conscience of our  country, John Robert Lewis.   