 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 8015, the Delivering for America Act. This legislation will put a  stop to Postmaster General Louis DeJoy's sabotage of the U.S. Postal  Service and help reverse the damage that has already been done. H.R.  8015 will prohibit operational or service changes during the COVID  public health emergency and ensure the level of service that was in  place on January 1, 2020. The bill also includes $25 billion to help  shore up postal operations that have been badly impacted by the  pandemic.  [[Page H4296]]    I have been deeply disturbed by recent operational and organizational  changes at USPS designed to sabotage mail delivery service ahead of our  2020 presidential election. In his brief tenure as Postmaster General,  Mr. DeJoy--a major contributor to the President's reelection campaign-- has pushed through sweeping changes to mail delivery processes and  procedures, dismantled vital mail sorting equipment, and undertaken a  major restructuring intended to sideline career postal officials. This  nakedly partisan attempt to subvert democracy and undermine confidence  in the integrity of our election process is unconscionable and  unacceptable. The Postmaster General should be ashamed of himself.   The USPS is a vital lifeline to millions of people across our  country, especially now. Veterans and seniors rely on the mail to get  prescriptions, people are staying connected with loved ones through  mail while sheltering at home, and more voters will cast their ballots  by mail this year than ever before. Fast, reliable postal service is  critical to providing these essential services. Yet, my office has  received numerous complaints of late or inconsistent mail service since  the Postmaster General's changes went into effect. One constituent, a  senior from Napa, wrote to me afraid her necessary medication would be  useless by the time it arrived. The medication, which is temperature  sensitive and usually takes 2-3 days to deliver, hadn't shown up in  more than 10.   Our letter carriers are dedicated to providing our communities the  highest level of service. Since the founding of our Post Office, they  have lived by the motto: ``Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of  night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed  rounds.'' The Delivering for America Act will help ensure postal  employees can keep this oath. That's why I am proud to support and to  be a coauthor of the legislation. I urge a yes vote.   