 Mr. President, it is with a heavy heart that I come to the  floor of the Senate today. Over the last few weeks, I talked to  countless people throughout Utah and across the Nation, but especially  in Utah, about the troubles that they have encountered, about the  profound sadness that the American people are experiencing right now,  the frustrations that they have. This is something that we have never  seen in this country, not on this scale, not during our lifetimes.   My thoughts and prayers go out to my fellow Americans and my fellow  Utahns as they are struggling to make ends meet, whether it is figuring  out how to make payroll or keep food on the table at home or a  combination of both, as it is for so many. I am mindful of them and of  all the difficulty that the American people are going through right  now.   I want to begin by echoing something that Senator Schumer said a  moment ago. We need to do what we were elected to do. Now, I don't  agree with everything Senator Schumer just said--in fact, I would  strongly disagree with a lot of what he just said--but I do agree with  that. We need to do the job we were elected to do.   Let's think about where we are right now and where we have been over  the last few weeks. We have seen healthcare providers working 24 hours  a day, 7 days a week. We have seen the President and his staff at the  White House working 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. We have seen the  Centers for Disease Control and members of the public health community  who have continued to work tirelessly--farmers, truck drivers, grocery  store employees, and pharmacists working to make sure that we continue  to have access to the things we need in order to live. We have seen  members of the news media working overtime, even if, as is the case for  many of them, they do so only to blame all of this--rather unfairly in  my opinion--on the President of the United States. We have seen parents  working both their jobs--both of them--from home and simultaneously  home schooling their children; yet Congress is in recess. This, Mr.  President, is simply unacceptable.   If COVID-19 requires Congress to act, then it requires Congress to  convene. Now, look, I understand the need for distancing, and there are  ways we can accommodate that here. Support staff can stay home. Policy  experts can mostly work from home. Many of our meetings--most of them,  in fact--can be conducted over the phone or by video conference. I have  seen this myself in the last few weeks. I have been working as many  hours as ever, just with a lot of meetings over the phone and through  Zoom and platforms like that.   The meetings can continue, but all the essential work of Congress-- that is, any steps necessary in order to enact legislation, the task of  legislating itself--can be done only by Members who are voting and  present in their respective legislative Chambers, either the Senate or  the House of Representatives. This is a nondelegable duty. We can't  delegate it to anyone else in government, and so we have got exactly  two choices. We can choose to legislate, in which case we have to  convene, or we can stay in recess and not legislate. Those really are  the only two options.   It is no coincidence, it is no accident that the very first clause of  the very first section of the very first article of the Constitution  says that ``all legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in  the Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and  a House of Representatives.''   Article I, section 7 then goes on to prescribe the formula by which  all Federal law will be enacted. This may happen only when the same  discrete set of words presented in the form of a legislative proposal  passes the House and the Senate and is then submitted to the President  for signature or veto.   Under our constitutional system, under any definition of the term,  Senators are essential employees. We are being paid. We have a crisis  to continue to work through. Our services are necessary. In order to  perform those services, we have to perform them here in Washington.   To be very clear about this, this isn't entirely a new thing. Sure,  the most recent iteration of this is new and began when the COVID-19  crisis began about a month ago, but the fact is Congress has, in many  respects, been shirking its responsibilities for years--for decades, in  fact. For the better part of the last--I don't know--three, four,  [[Page S2180]]  five, six decades, Congress has been sort of backing away from its  lawmaking responsibilities. We have ceded voluntarily--sometimes  willfully--the responsibility for making law, in some cases, to the  courts--in many, many cases to executive branch agencies. This, for  many, is a feature, not a bug, but it is an unconstitutional feature.  It is something we should dismiss and render a bug. You see, we can't  delegate that power. It is supposed to belong only to us, and that  means we are not supposed to enact law saying, Entity X, Y, or Z shall  enact good law in the area of expertise of that agency.   But in this crisis, we have doubled down on that decades-long bad  habit. In many cases, within Congress itself, we have empowered party  leaders to negotiate in secret, sort of asking us to rubberstamp out  these take-it-or-leave-it proposals without individual Members being  able to read them, let alone have meaningful input in their  negotiation, and reducing the role of each individual elected lawmaker  in the law-making process through a series of tweets and press  conferences. This isn't legislating.   I was interested a few minutes ago when Senator Schumer was talking,  as he was referring to provisions that were negotiated successfully  just last night to add this or that provision into this deal. Well,  most of us were not part of that process. Most of us saw this  legislative package, this bill, only within the last few hours. That  isn't a true negotiation, and it is not a true legislative process.  Now, I understand that we are in unusual circumstances, but we can't  let it happen this way again. This is not acceptable. We should not be  passing major legislation--especially legislation providing nearly a  half trillion dollars in new spending--without Congress actually being  in session, without Members actually being here to debate, discuss,  amend, and consider legislation and vote on it individually, rather  than on an absentee basis, rather than by delegating that power to  someone else.   This crisis is too big to leave up to a small handful of people.  Different parts of the country will face different kinds of threats  and, therefore, have different kinds of needs. Different industries  will need different kinds of help in order to recover the health of the  economy. As long as Congress remains in recess, Democrats are free to  politicize and stifle legislation with impunity as they did just a  couple of weeks ago. Only returning to work and indeed actually working  will give the American people the government they deserve.   The American people need to know who is helping them and who is  simply playing politics. We can't allow them to know that if we are not  in session. We can't just spend another half trillion dollars every  week or 2 or 3 and hope and pretend that it is going to turn out okay.   The upcoming challenges are far too numerous and onerous and complex  to leave up to just a few staff meetings behind closed doors. We have  got issues involving testing, masks, healthcare policy, liability,  leave, regulatory reform, immigration, and the judicial system, just to  name a few. All of these things require serious legislative action. We  can't just give those issues the attention that they deserve simply by  sitting in our respective homes.   Now, look, I am not saying that Members aren't working. I and most of  the Members I know have been working as hard as ever in the last few  weeks, but we can't do that which is uniquely our job--sure, we can  have meetings. We can make phone calls. We can help solve problems just  like any other American could, but we cannot do the job for which we  were elected without actually being here.   You see, the reason Congress works so little, even in moments like  this one, is because Congress has chosen to prioritize its own  convenience.   The 3\1/2\-day legislative workweek, blocking tough amendment votes,  nuclear options, things like this are all reminders of the fact that we  have to get back to work, especially if we are going to have a debate  about when everyone else will be able to return to work. If it makes  anyone feel better, remember the Senate floor is often empty--just as  it is at this very moment--making it perhaps the safest place in  America. We can, in fact, structure our votes in such a way that we can  distance ourselves. We have proven that in recent weeks. We can do it  again.   In closing, we have to remember that challenges don't, themselves,  build character. They reveal it. Our character is revealed rather than  built on challenging times. The character of our institution is on the  line here. It is being exposed and revealed for all the world to see.   COVID-19 certainly has revealed to us the character of the Chinese  Government and its lackeys inside the World Health Organization. It has  revealed the character of America's doctors and nurses, our priests and  our pastors. Our families and our communities have pulled together.  Many State and local leaders have proven themselves to be up to the  challenge, especially, I say with great pride, both Democrats and  Republicans in my home State of Utah.   Congress stepped up before we recessed to appropriate money for  workers and businesses who were facing an unprecedented monumental  crisis, but that was weeks ago. That was literally 20 million lost jobs  ago. There is more to do--there is a lot more to do--more than we have  ever faced. The country is changing along with the rest of the world,  and we need policy to change with it.   Unlike millions of our constituents, Members of Congress are still  receiving paychecks. It is time for us to earn them. It is time to do  our job. It is time to return to Washington and get to work. We are not  currently scheduled to come back until May 4. When we come back on May  4--which I hope we do--I hope the force will be with us, but we have  got to get back together even sooner than that because we can't  legislate without our Members here. We can't do that from recess.   