 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for this  opportunity, Ms. Ocasio-Cortez.   Madam Speaker, I am 72 years old. I have no children. But if I had a  daughter, I would name her Alexandria, because my name is Alexander.   If I had a daughter, I would want her to be bold; I would want her to  be courageous; I would want her to speak truth to power; I would want  her to be just like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. The name means helper of  humankind, and that is what she is about the business of doing.   Madam Speaker, I salute Ms. Ocasio-Cortez for the positions that she  has taken.   Madam Speaker, this is not the first time we have heard this ``b''  word used by people in positions of authority. A higher office in this  country has corrupted the discourse. It came from a higher office, and  we all took it for granted. We just assumed, well, that is just a  person saying something.   ``SOB": You are talking about the mother. This is unacceptable. It is  absolutely unacceptable.   I believe that we must change the tide of discourse in the country,  and I believe that what Ms. Ocasio-Cortez has said is something that  all of us should take notice of.   She spoke from her heart, as she usually does, by the way--a  brilliant head with a compassionate heart.  [[Page H3705]]    Madam Speaker, I am proud of Ms. Ocasio-Cortez. I will stand with her  not only today, but in the future. I don't have to agree with  everything she says to respect her dignity, to respect her humanity.   And finally this. I grew up in a home where scatology was  commonplace. I don't think ``scatologist'' is a word, but if such a  word existed, there were many scatologists in my home. ``Scatology'' is  a word.   I learned early on how that impacts the psyche of people. We cannot  allow what happened to go unnoticed, which is why I am here today.   Madam Speaker, this scatology with the ``b'' word is something that  demeans every woman when it is used. I will stand against it, and I  will stand with the Honorable Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.   