 Mr. President, it is a privilege to serve with the  Senator from Vermont on the Senate Judiciary Committee. He and I have  been called, maybe, the odd couple on a number of issues like Freedom  of Information Act reform and other matters. So we find ourselves  aligned on that important issue, the importance of the public's right  to know.   But it won't surprise anybody to know--it certainly doesn't surprise  him to know--he and I have a different point of view on this nominee  and on a few other topics as well.   One of the ones I wanted to talk about briefly at the very beginning  was the so-called Ginsburg rule.   Senator Leahy was there and Joe Biden was the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee back in 1993 when Justice Ginsburg--then a lawyer-- was nominated for the Supreme Court. Her record as a litigator for the  American Civil Liberties Union placed her far outside of the mainstream  of American law.   She argued for legalized prostitution, against separate prisons for  men and women, and had speculated that there could be a constitutional  right to polygamy--certainly outside of the mainstream of American  legal opinion.   But when she was pressed time and again before Republicans to talk  about those views, she said she would not answer those questions. She  cited, appropriately, Canon 5 of the Model Code of Judicial Conduct,  which, among other things, forbids Federal judges or judicial  candidates from indicating how they will likely vote on issues that may  come before the courts or from making any statement that would create  the appearance that they were not impartial.   This rule is absolutely critical to an independent judiciary because  judges must remain open-minded and be able to decide an actual case  without prejudging that matter before it comes before them. Can you  imagine what it would be like if you were a party to a lawsuit and came  before a judge who had made a statement committing to a particular  outcome during their judicial confirmation hearing? Well, the  unfairness of that is obvious.   So I think Judge Barrett did what Justice Ginsburg did when she was  before the Judiciary Committee, what we expect all nominees to do, and  that is to not prejudge cases and to not give any hint or prediction of  outcomes or run on a platform or an agenda.   My view is that, if you had a judge who did or a nominee who did come  before the Judiciary Committee and  [[Page S6462]]  make those sorts of commitments, that would be disqualifying in and of  itself. That person ought to run for Congress. They ought to run for  city council. They ought to run for the school board. They should not  be a Federal judge. That is not what Federal judges are supposed to do.   So I think Judge Barrett did exactly what a judge should do when they  are confirmed. We still got to ask her a lot of questions, as Senator  Kennedy pointed out, over the 30-plus hours of questioning, and she was  extraordinary.   It is obvious she had great command of the subject matter. There was  a special moment where I noticed she wasn't taking any notes or writing  anything down or referring to anything, and it struck me how strange it  was, what a contrast it was that each of us, as members of the  committee, had a small army of staff around us, that they had read  every case, they had prepared big three-ring notebooks of information  for us to get prepared to question the judge--but the judge had nothing  in front of her.   And I asked her to hold up what was sitting in front of her, and it  was an empty legal pad--an empty notepad, excuse me--that bore the name  ``U.S. Senate'' on the ink pad but nothing that she had written down.   So it, I think, spoke volumes about her command of the subject matter  and her fitness for this particular job.   We have all talked about the support she has from professors at Notre  Dame, where she has taught for a number of years, highlighting her  impressive intellect, her elegant legal analysis, and her manifest  judicial temperament.   Eighty-one former law school classmates from diverse political and  other backgrounds shared their collective view that she embodies the  ideal qualities of a Supreme Court Justice.   We have heard from Noah Feldman, Harvard University law professor,  who tends to be more liberal, and he points out that Judge Barrett is a  brilliant and conscientious lawyer who will analyze and decide cases in  good faith, applying the jurisprudential principles to which she has  committed.   So, in short, Judge Barrett has the qualities we should all look for  in a judge. I think it is telling that our Democratic colleagues, when  it came time last Thursday to vote on this nomination, decided to  boycott the markup. None of them appeared. None of them voted. So the  vote, literally, was unanimous. All of the Senators there present voted  to vote the nominee out of the Judiciary Committee and recommended that  that nomination be sent to the floor.   I suppose, if they thought it would make any difference or they  really had something to say or a reason to vote no, they would have  shown up, but they did not.   Judge Barrett exemplifies the fact that judges aren't players on a  red team or a blue team; they are, as Chief Justice Roberts said during  his confirmation hearing, umpires calling balls and strikes. We all  understand the difference between an umpire and a player, and, simply  said, judges aren't players; they just call balls and strikes, and they  make sure the rules of the game are enforced.   Judges should have no biases, no favorites, no preferred outcomes.  But somehow, in their anger about this nominee and about the fact that  she will fill the vacancy left by the death of Ruth Bader Ginsburg,  somehow our friends across the aisle seem to have forgotten what the  most basic role of judges is in America. Again, they pressed her,  asking: How do you feel about climate change? How do you feel about  abortion? How do you feel about every other hot-button issue that they  could think of, and she appropriately invoked the Ginsburg rule and  would not comment. Exactly what she should be doing.   The other thing that I think is remarkable about this nominee is she  is obviously somebody who has soared to the very heights of the legal  profession--teaching, being a judge on the Seventh Circuit, both of  which qualify her for this job. But she is also a person of great  integrity and character.   It takes self-restraint, it takes self-discipline not to use the  power that Federal judges have to impose your own view or to choose a  result. That takes a lot of self-restraint and self-discipline, and she  has demonstrated her commitment to that judicial philosophy and that  approach.   During the final days of soon-to-be Judge Barrett's confirmation  hearing, we heard from a number of witnesses about her, their  experience working with her. I believe one of the most moving  testimonials came from one of her former students, a young lawyer named  Laura Wolk. Since graduating from Notre Dame Law School, Laura has  earned some highly coveted clerkships, including for the Court of  Appeals for the DC Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court, just like her  former professor.    There is one fact about Laura that made her climb to these incredible  heights as a young lawyer all the more impressive, and that is that she  is blind. Throughout her life, Laura has overcome barriers that exist  for individuals who are blind or visually impaired, becoming the first  blind person to clerk at the U.S. Supreme Court.   Laura spoke about her arrival at Notre Dame and the technology  failures that were causing her to fall farther and farther behind her  peers. Obviously, she needed that technology that would help her  compete.   Settling into law school is tough for any student, and I can't  imagine the fear and frustration that Laura felt as she struggled to  keep pace, at no fault of her own, because she lacked the assistive  technologies she needed to compete on a level playing field. Laura did  what any student would do, I presume, and that is she went to her  professor and shared the weight she was carrying--a weight Judge  Barrett eagerly picked up, saying to her: This is no longer your  problem; this is my problem.   Laura described the relief and gratitude she felt for her professor's  kindness and generosity, not only during this interaction but in the  years of support and encouragement that have followed. I found Laura's  testimony incredibly powerful and a shining example of the character  that Judge Barrett will bring to the Supreme Court.   We have all come to appreciate Amy Coney Barrett, the person--a woman  of great integrity, humility, and compassion who will bring tremendous  value to the highest Court in the land. I am confident that if our  colleagues across the aisle had any good argument addressing her  qualifications or character or integrity, we would hear about it.   The only thing that I have heard them say, which I cannot believe  that they believe, is that somehow this is part of some great  conspiracy to defeat the Affordable Care Act. You know what our  colleagues across the aisle failed to mention? The merits of the  Affordable Care Act is not even before the Supreme Court of the United  States. It is a technical issue with regard to severability. It is a  doctrine that says that if judges find part of a statute  unconstitutional--here, for example, the individual mandate, which  thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, that penalty has been reduced to  zero--whether if, in fact, that portion of the Affordable Care Act is  unconstitutional, whether the whole act fails or not. But judges are  told to presume the constitutionality of statutes--to presume them. And  so the burden is on those who would prove the unconstitutionality to  prove it. The burden is on them. If they can save a portion of the law  by severing it--that is the doctrine of severability--they must do it.   I am pretty optimistic that the Supreme Court, no matter how  constituted, will do exactly that--will follow the traditional canons  of construction and guidance that judges apply in cases like this. And  really, the suggestion we heard, including from my friend from Vermont  just a moment ago, that this is part of a conspiracy to appoint the  judge to the Court so she will then hear a case and result in a  particular outcome is specious. It is also an insult--an insult to the  judge's integrity and character--because she could not in good  conscience take the oath of a judge if she were part of a conspiracy to  rule in a particular way on a case--any case--in the future. And she  said, unequivocally, that is not the role of a judge.   But that is the argument, and maybe that is the best thing they have  going, and so they are sticking with it. It just doesn't make any  sense. It is totally out of character with everything we know about Amy  Barrett as a person, as a lawyer, and as a judge.  [[Page S6463]]    Instead of talking about the Supreme Court, we seem to hear another  common theme, and that is to say that we could be working on a COVID-19  relief bill. We did pretty well through the end of March working  together on COVID-19 relief. We passed four pieces of legislation,  totaling $3.8 trillion. But it has been a while since March, and we  need to pass another COVID-19 relief bill for the individuals who are  still suffering, through no fault of their own, who don't have a  paycheck--the enhanced unemployment insurance benefits, the Paycheck  Protection Program that was so important to keeping small businesses'  ability to maintain their payroll. We need more money for testing. We  need to make sure that the therapeutics that have now come online are  available to people who are infected with the virus. We need to make  sure that the vaccine, once it is approved by the FDA, is available for  distribution.   That is why Senator McConnell has repeatedly brought legislation to  the floor to bolster our fight against the virus at this critical time.  In particular, the first bill he offered them was to supply another  half a trillion dollars to help small businesses keep their doors open  and their employees on the payroll; to help schools keep their students  and teachers safe; to strengthen testing and invest, as I said, in the  continued success of Operation Warp Speed.   What did our Democratic colleagues do? They voted no. They wouldn't  even get on the bill and then offer amendments to make it more to their  liking. So they just blocked it.   I think this is consistent with what we heard from Speaker Pelosi  when she said that ``nothing is better than something.'' It always  strikes me as very odd because I have always believed that something is  better than nothing, but apparently not in this strange environment  leading up to this November 3 election, which, unfortunately, I think  is what is preventing us from passing a bill   Many of our colleagues believe that leaving people anxious and  worried and fearful, not only about their health but also about their  economic circumstances, advantages them leading into the election. That  is what they do. They want to stoke fear and uncertainty on the part of  the American people.   When we offer concrete pieces of legislation that would help relieve  that anxiety, fear, and the sense that they are not receiving any  income--how are you going to pay the bills or provide for your family-- repeatedly, they have voted it down. I just find that absolutely  shameful.   So here we are in October with 8.5 million confirmed cases of the  virus. When we talk about cases, that is kind of interesting. They are  positive tests. We know the vast majority of individuals will have  little, if any symptoms. But we do know that there are vulnerable  populations that need to be protected, particularly people in nursing  homes, assisted living facilities, the elderly, and those with  underlying chronic illness. This virus can be deadly, and that is why  we need to take it seriously, wear our masks, socially distance, and do  all the things that the Centers for Disease Control and other experts  have advised.   Our Democratic colleagues have not done anything to lift a finger to  help people who are still hurting; people who are still anxious; people  who are still worried about their health, about their children going  safely back to school, about whether a vaccine will be available.   Time after time, they blocked legislation we have introduced in the  Senate, since we passed the CARES Act in March, and they have simply  refused to provide care that is desperately needed, relief desperately  needed by the American people.   My constituents in Texas, like the rest of America, have waited  months for additional relief. I am ashamed of the fact that we could  not find a way to come together and produce a result. I am ashamed of  the fact that our friends on the other side of the aisle have forced  them to wait even longer.   I yield floor.    Mr. President, that was quite a speech from our friend  from Delaware. If I had to categorize it, I would say this is really  the Chicken Little argument: The sky is falling. Amy Coney Barrett-- this is the end of civilization. This is the end of the world as we  know it.   The irony to me and, frankly, the hypocrisy of the argument is that  if the shoe were on the other foot, Senator Schumer, who has said  everything is on the table ``if we win the majority''--Court packing,  making DC, making Puerto Rico States--they would somehow show this  superhuman self-restraint and not fill this seat.   This is entirely consistent with the practice, given the fact that  President Trump's first term doesn't run out until January 20 of next  year. All of the Senators elected are serving through the end of this  year, at least. So it is somewhat entertaining but beside the point to  suggest that this good judge, this really extraordinarily decent human  being is part of some vast conspiracy to subvert the Constitution and  overrule all these precedents that the Senator from Delaware considers  sacrosanct.   Well, I am happy with the fact that tonight the Senate is set to  confirm an exceptionally well-qualified nominee to the Supreme Court.  Judge Amy Coney Barrett is as impressive as they come. America saw it.  Initially they didn't know her, but when they came to know her through  her testimony on the Judiciary Committee, she became very popular. In  my State, 59 percent of the people in a recent poll said they wanted us  to confirm Judge Barrett now before the election--59 percent.   It is no wonder why. She graduated first in her class from Notre Dame  Law School. She clerked for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals  and on the Supreme Court and practiced law before transitioning to  academia, where she has written and taught constitutional law, Federal  courts, and statutory interpretation for nearly two decades. And, of  course, for the last 3 years, she has served with distinction on the  Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.   Her time in both the classroom and the courtroom have given her  understanding of the law that few can rival. Over her confirmation  hearing, she skillfully answered questions about legal doctrine,  constitutional issues, and a myriad of precedents without so much as  having a page of notes in front of her.   As impressive as Judge Barrett's deep knowledge of the law is, it is  only part of what I believe makes her an ideal candidate for the  Supreme Court. Now, more than ever, the judiciary, along with our other  elected officials, tends to function not by what the law says but  through a lens of personal and political bias. It is polarizing. We  know that people are highly agitated, including my friend from  Delaware, and trying to stoke the turnout of their partisans in the  runup to the election. It should go without saying--but I will say it  anyway--that judges don't do that. They can't do that and still be  judges.   In order for the High Court to serve the proper role under our  Constitution, it has to be made up of men and women of great integrity,  restraint, and self-discipline, who will discharge their duties on the  Bench free from bias, which means you don't announce the decision in a  case before you have even heard it. You don't offer predictions or  promises of how you will decide these contentious matters, which I know  frustrates our friend from Delaware and others, but Judge Barrett has  not only committed to doing this, not clouding her decisions by  personal or political motivation or favor for any party; she has a  record to back it up.   During her time on the Seventh Circuit, she has joined with her  colleagues in 95 percent of the 600 cases she has decided--95 percent  consensus on a three-judge panel. That is no record of an outlaw or a  radical or somebody who is going to disregard their judicial oath. She  has consistently shown in each of these decisions a fidelity to the law  and an impartiality, which are essential qualities for a Supreme Court  Justice.   But despite the judge's unassailable qualifications, our Democratic  colleagues have repeatedly tried and failed to make this nominee out to  be a radical, suggesting that she would violate her oath--the same oath  to uphold and defend the Constitution that we take as Senators. But  there is nothing in her background or her character which would suggest  she would do something so brazen and so wrong.   Some folks on the left have attacked her because of her Catholic  faith. They have also tried to convince the American people she is on  some sort of crusade to take healthcare away from American families-- How ridiculous is that?--or that she would slowly chip away at our  freedoms and our liberties.   The reason we have seen such hysterical attacks that are completely  out of touch with reality is that this is all they have. They have  nothing else   There is no legitimate reason to oppose the nomination of Judge  Barrett. Her stellar credentials and deliberate body of work prove that  she understands the role of a judge--as important as it is but as  limited as it is under our constitutional system--and I think that is  part of what terrifies our colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   You see, they have become accustomed to a Supreme Court that is more  political than judicial, that feels free to make policy judgments to  bail out the Congress or those who have either lost the vote or lost an  election. That is why our Democratic colleagues have repeatedly pressed  her to commit to an outcome in cases before the Court. She won't do it,  and she shouldn't do it, and she didn't do it.   They asked her everything from healthcare to abortion to climate  change. They want to know right now--before she is even on the Court,  before she has even heard the case--how she would rule.   Well, Judge Barrett rightly declined. She invoked what is known as  the Ginsburg rule from the 1993 confirmation hearing--presided over by  Joe Biden when he was chairman of the Judiciary Committee--of Ruth  Bader Ginsburg. Ruth Bader Ginsburg had been a lawyer with the American  Civil Liberties Union and had been known for her pioneering work on  behalf of women's rights, but she held some personally pretty radical  views. So the Senators, out of curiosity if nothing else, wanted to ask  her about those, and she declined, as she should have, because she  said: It is inappropriate to make predictions or provide hints of how I  might decide cases in the future.   This is the most basic principle of our judicial system. Judges are  not legislators. They shouldn't advocate for policy outcomes or promote  a specific agenda. They certainly shouldn't commit to an outcome on a  hypothetical case during the confirmation process.   How would you feel if the judge you came before had previously said:  Well, if I hear a case like that, I am going to decide against this  litigant, this party for the lawsuit. That would be outrageous, and she  shouldn't and didn't do that. Neither did Justice Ginsburg.   Chief Justice Roberts reminded us last year: ``We do not have Obama  judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges.'' And I agree  that is the ideal.   Men and women in black robes can't stick their thumbs on the scales  of justice and supply wins to any cause, any individual, or any party.  It is antithetical to our constitutional system.   So I hope this process will help begin a way to guide our courts back  to their proper function in our Constitution and to remind all of us of  what has rightly been called the crown jewels of our Constitution, and  that is an independent judiciary--judges whose pay can't be cut during  their tenure in office, and they serve for life if they want to. That  is the ultimate in political independence. Those are the crown jewels  because judges apply the law that Congress writes, interpret the  precedents of other courts, and interpret the Constitution. To give an  unelected individual the power to make policy and to have an agenda to  accomplish their personal or political goals would be the opposite of  what our Constitution comprehends.   There is no question that Judge Barrett has a brilliant legal mind, a  deep respect for the Constitution, and an unwavering commitment to the  rule of  [[Page S6581]]  law. Her resume and her record are spotless.   How do I know that? Well, if it wasn't, you would have heard about  it. It is spotless. Her character is beyond reproach, and virtually  everyone who has worked with or learned from Judge Barrett has offered  their full-throated endorsement of her nomination. All the evidence-- all the evidence--points to one simple fact: Amy Coney Barrett is  exceptionally qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. I have faith in  Judge Barrett's ability to fairly interpret the law and apply it to  cases before her--nothing more and nothing less.   I believe Amy Coney Barrett will be an outstanding Supreme Court  Justice, and I am proud to support her nomination.   