 Reserving the right to object, the Senate is here this  week for a rare holiday session to address two major issues: the  President's veto of the annual Defense bill and the effort to send  $2,000 survival checks to millions and millions of American families,  something Senate Democrats strongly support.   The Senate should be in session to address both issues. There are  only a few days left in this session. We should not adjourn until the  Senate holds a vote on both measures--the NDAA veto override and the  House bill to provide $2,000 checks for the American people.   As we all know, the majority leader controls the schedule on the  floor. So Leader McConnell holds the key to unlocking this dilemma. The  solution is a simple one: Put both bills up for a simple up-or-down  vote and then let the chips fall where they may. I believe both  measures will pass, as they should. But Leader McConnell must allow the  Senate to vote on both pieces of legislation, the Defense bill and the  $2,000 checks, before we go home. We will start the process on  overriding the President's veto of the Defense bill tomorrow.   Today, at the end of my remarks, I will ask the Senate's consent to  take up the House-passed bill to provide the American people immediate  survival checks of $2,000 a person.   Throughout this pandemic, working Americans have taken it on the  chin. Right now, they are facing their hardest and their darkest days.  Tens of millions have lost their jobs. Tens of millions are struggling  to put food on the table, to keep a roof over their heads. In the  wealthiest Nation on Earth, modern-day breadlines stretch for miles  down American highways.   The fastest way to get money into Americans' pockets is to send some  of their tax dollars right back from where they came. And $2,000  stimulus checks could mean the difference between American families  having groceries for a few extra weeks or going hungry, the difference  between paying the rent or being kicked out of your home that you have  lived in for years. It would buy precious time for tens of millions of  people as the vaccine thankfully makes its way across the country. Of  course, we could have taken up this issue weeks ago.    In the COVID bill Congress just passed, Democrats wanted generous  direct payments to the American people. Speaker Pelosi and I repeatedly  asked our Republican counterparts how much they could support. Their  answer: $600. It was a compromise many of us were not happy about. I  came to the floor myself with the Senator from Vermont to ask that we  double at least the size of those checks. A Republican Senator  objected. Six hundred dollars was the most Republicans would support.   Well, my colleagues and my fellow Americans, $600 is not enough. It  is not enough for the mother in Nashville $4,000 behind on the rent  whose water was shut off earlier this month; not for the medical  receptionist in Macomb $2,100 behind on the rent, whole electricity  shut off in September on her son's third day of virtual kindergarten;  not for the 12 million Americans who have fallen on average nearly  $6,000 behind on their rent and their utilities or the 26 million  Americans who have had trouble putting food on the table in the past 5  days. Six hundred dollars? Nope. It is not enough.   So in a moment, I will move to have the Senate take up the House bill  to increase that number to $2,000, which, I might add, had broad  bipartisan support. I don't want to hear that we can't afford it. I  don't want to hear that it would add too much to the deficit. Senate  Republicans added nearly $2 trillion to the deficit to give  corporations a massive tax cut. Republicans just fought to include a  tax break for three-martini lunches in the COVID relief bill. So I  don't want to hear that it costs too much to help working families get  a check when they are struggling to keep their jobs, pay their rent,  feed their families, and live a halfway normal and decent life.   Even in our deeply divided times, this issue has united Americans  from coast to coast and bridged the massive political divide here in  Washington. A vast majority of the public, Republican and Democrat,  strongly supports $2,000 checks. An overwhelming bipartisan majority in  the House supports $2,000 checks. Senate Democrats strongly support  $2,000 checks. Even President Trump supports $2,000 checks.   There is one question left today: Do Senate Republicans join with the  rest of America in supporting $2,000 checks?   Now, some of my Republican colleagues have said they support the  checks, but there is a major difference in saying you support $2,000  checks and fighting to put them into law. The House bill is the only  way--the only way--to deliver these stimulus checks before the end of  session.   Will Senate Republicans fight for a vote on the House-passed CASH  Act, or will they look some other way? Will Senate Republicans stand  against the House of Representatives, the Democratic majority in the  Senate, and the President of their own party to prevent these $2,000  checks from going out the door? We are about to get the answers to  these questions.   So now, Madam President, would the Senator modify his request to  include a unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of H.R. 9051, a bill received from the House to increase  recovery rebate amounts to $2,000 per individual; that the bill be read  a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate?   