 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Colorado. I  really thank my colleague from West Virginia and the incredible  teamwork that has played out here on the U.S. Senate floor.   This is a time in our country when we don't always have that kind of  teamwork. Let's be honest. This has been a year when much of the  country has been divided, but we have been able to come together around  the one thing that truly unites us. Certainly, in having lived through  the last 3 months, when many people have been shuttered in their homes  for weeks and weeks at a time, I think it has really driven home for  many of us that the outdoors is not just a luxury but is something we  need.   I see we are now joined by my colleague from Montana as well, who did  great work on this, which also drives home the fact that nothing around  here gets done by one single individual or one party. It gets done when  we come together.   I want to take just a minute and thank Senator Jeff Bingaman, who  held my seat before I did, who made this the centerpiece of his work  while he was in the Senate and plowed the ground on which we walk  today.   I thank all of my staff, especially Maya Hermann and Lio Barrera, for  all of their good work. I also thank Senator Gardner for recognizing  all of those on our staff--all of the good people who made this happen.   In New Mexico, we have protected such incredible landscapes with the  Land and Water Conservation Fund. The Valles Caldera--New Mexico's  Yellowstone--is known for its herds of elk, its hot springs, its  enormous volcanic caldera, and places like Ute Mountain that wouldn't  be in the public trust were it not for the Land and Water Conservation  Fund.   I was so proud to work with Senator Lamar Alexander on a bill called  Every Kid Outdoors. This is the bill that will allow us to make sure  that every kid will be within walking distance of a neighborhood park.   I hope that all of our colleagues will find it in their hearts to  support this legislation today and will send a strong message to the  House of Representatives to take up this legislation quickly.   I yield the floor.   