 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, first let me thank the staff who are here  today under these difficult circumstances--here at the desk, the  Sergeant at Arms, the doorkeepers, the police officers, and the many  others who are here today. We thank them, as always. They are the  unsung heroes of the Senate.   Now, as the Senate returns this week in a time of extraordinary  challenge for our country, COVID-19, known as the coronavirus,  continues to spread rapidly. In less than a week, the number of  confirmed cases in the United States has grown from around 1,000 to  well over 4,000. The actual number of cases is probably higher.   Here in the Capitol, public tours are suspended, and much of our  staff is working from home. In a further effort to limit interactions,  Senate Democrats will not be holding our regular caucus lunch, which  will instead be conducted by conference call.   In my home State of New York alone, there are nearly 1,000 confirmed  cases. The State is doing everything in its power to treat those  afflicted, to prepare for future cases, and to limit the spread of the  virus. Residents in the tristate area--New York, New Jersey, and  Connecticut--are now under new restrictions on gatherings at bars,  restaurants, and other public places.   I urge everyone to stay safe and to listen to the advice of public  health experts. Practice good hygiene, follow the recommendations  issued by State and Federal governments about public gatherings, and  please--please--stay home if you feel sick.   As these important safeguards go into effect, there will be economic  consequences. Businesses will face shortfalls. Employees will not be  able to work. Families will bear the responsibility of childcare as  school closures mount. For millions of families who live paycheck to  paycheck, for parents who have to choose between keeping their jobs or  taking care of their kids, and for so many others--the small business  owner who has no liquidity even though it was a healthy business a few  weeks ago--these are all very, very difficult times. The Congress and  the Federal Government as a whole must take steps immediately to  provide relief to those American workers, families, and businesses.   Last Friday, the House of Representatives passed legislation to  provide for free coronavirus testing, extensions of paid sick leave,  food assistance for schoolkids and the elderly, and assistance to  States overburdened by Medicaid costs and expanded unemployment  insurance. The Senate should take up this bill and pass it immediately  by consent--today. We cannot wait.   It was my preference to keep the Senate in session over the weekend  so that we could have passed this bill already, but Leader McConnell-- regrettably and almost inexplicably--decided to send everyone home and  then call them back today. Many Members on my side of the aisle were  extremely upset by Leader McConnell's decision. There should be no  further delay in passage of this legislation because, surely, we must  move on to other necessary measures to address the coronavirus and its  widening impact on the medical, economic, and social fabric of this  country.  [[Page S1749]]    Testing capacity and public health infrastructure like hospital beds,  masks, ventilators, and more remain a very urgent priority. Economic  assistance for working families and small businesses must continue to  be a focus of our efforts, as well as broader macroeconomic policies.  Families will be without salaries, small businesses without liquidity,  and they will need help immediately.   As early as tomorrow, I will present a series of proposals to  congressional appropriators that Senate Democrats believe should be  part of the next bill to address the coronavirus. In consultation with  the ranking members of the committees of jurisdiction, we are proposing  an immediate and initial infusion of at least $750 billion to wage war  against COVID-19 and the economic crisis it is now causing. The  proposal will get money directly into the hands of the American people  and, among other priorities, include Federal funding to address  hospital and treatment capacity issues; expand unemployment insurance  and increase Medicaid funding; ensure that everyone can afford  treatment for coronavirus; provide immediate loan payment forbearance  for all Federal loans--student loans, mortgages, small business loans,  and others--and moratoriums on evictions and foreclosures; deliver  immediate help to small businesses; fund emergency childcare,  especially for healthcare workers and first responders; help schools  with remote learning; provide assistance to keep public transportation  running; address public health and economic needs in Indian Country;  and utilize the Defense Department to provide personnel, equipment,  supplies, and critical response capabilities to support the nationwide  response.   There will be other proposals that will be needed, and we will talk  about these as well, but, in sum, we need big, bold, immediate Federal  action to deal with the crisis. The kinds of targeted measures we are  putting together will mainline money into the economy and directly into  the hands of families who need it most.   Importantly, this proposal will ensure that our medical professionals  have the resources--including physical space and equipment--they need  to provide treatment and keep Americans safe. Our proposal does not  include every possible measure, nor must it. There will be multiple  legislative vehicles to respond to the coronavirus. But in the near  term, our proposal takes a comprehensive approach to dealing with the  issues that workers, families, and the health of America face today.   I strongly urge my House and Senate colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to review our proposal and incorporate our ideas into the next  bill we will consider here in Congress. Now, the road ahead will be  difficult. The disease will continue to spread and test our capacity-- as a Congress and as a country--to respond with the necessary urgency,  foresight, and cooperation.   Leaders in public office, from the President of the United States on  down, must communicate clearly and honestly and set aside politics on  behalf of the public good. Leaders in Congress must work together and  with uncommon speed to respond to a set of national challenges unlike  any we have faced in the recent past. Public health officials and  researchers and doctors on the frontlines must continue to do the  difficult and noble work they are now engaged in. We are all in their  debt for their courage, their dedication, their duty.   The American people must hunker down and follow the guidance of  experts until the cloud of this disease has passed. And it will pass.  But until skies clear, we must all pull in the same direction and do  what is necessary to ensure the health, safety, and security of the  American people--today and in the weeks and months to come.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   