 Mr. Speaker, I thank you for the job you have done in  the chair today. We thank you for the work that you are doing.   Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I want to say to everyone watching us at  home right now, we hear your concern; we feel your anxiety; and we know  what we need to do.   When this year began, Americans were enjoying a level of peace and  prosperity unheard of in modern times. The economy was at record highs.  Unemployment for American workers was at record lows. Take-home pay was  rising, and business closures were falling. Our brave men and women in  uniform were protecting us from threats across the globe.   But a few weeks ago, we learned about an invisible enemy from a  distant land, an enemy like we have never faced before.   Now, the virus is here. We didn't invite it. We did not ask for it.  We did not choose it. But we will fight it together until we win  together.   We will win because we have the best of our country on the front  lines. We will win because of the other people in uniform: our doctors,  our nurses, our lab technicians, and our hospital volunteers.   Take one moment and imagine where we would be without their  fortitude. They have the toughest jobs in the world, but they are truly  the best in the world.   You, our medical professionals, are our heroes. We, this entire body  of the Members of Congress, salute you.   We will always win because of our truck drivers, grocery store  clerks, postal workers, farmers, and warehouse workers. You are working  night and day. You are making a meaningful, measurable difference in  the lives of everyone you serve. You are the foundation of everything  we will do today.   We will win because of our scientists. Their bright minds and faster  cures should give every American peace of mind. We are developing a  victory vaccine faster than ever in the history of any virus.   On behalf of all Americans and on behalf of all Members of Congress,  I thank those on the front lines for their professionalism and  dedication.   Another critical front in our war against this virus is the home  front, literally.   To slow the spread, the government is asking--and in some cases  requiring--millions of small businesses and families to put their daily  lives on pause and remain at home.   I am overjoyed that so many have taken the imperative of social  distancing so seriously. Flattening the curve is the most important  activity any American citizen can do today. It is even more important  now that the virus has arrived in full force.   We are asking you to continue to remain at home as much as possible.  I know this action carries substantial circumstances.   We all saw that tragic news just this week. Mr. Speaker, 3.3 million  Americans filed for unemployment benefits. We have never experienced  that before in our lives, not even in the Great Depression.   What can we do for the hardworking taxpayers, their families, and  small businesses, the pillars of the American life that are doing their  part but facing economic disaster through no fault of their own?   First, we can recognize that their sacrifices are an invaluable  service to their fellow citizens. They deserve our eternal gratitude  and prayers.   Second, and more importantly, we can give them our financial support  now, today, so they can weather this brutal storm in the weeks ahead.   That brings me to the rescue package before us today, the CARES Act.   If developing tests, treatments, and vaccines is America's new  arsenal of democracy, the CARES Act is our modern-day, all-American  Marshall Plan.   It is the largest assistance measure in American history, and it is  going directly in the pockets of hardworking taxpayers, their families,  and small businesses.   For everyone affected by this virus, we will be your voice. For those  who are battling the virus or who lost your job or who do not know if  you will have one a month or 2 from now, I want you to know we are  listening; we hear you; and we are working for you.   I give Leader McConnell a lot of credit. From the beginning, he was  committed to a bottom-up, bipartisan, and bicameral process. He honored  his commitment, and it shows. The Senate passed this bill by a  unanimous vote, every Republican, every Democrat.   It is bold, truly bipartisan, and targeted to achieve the mission at  hand.   Our top priority is to keep Americans at work. So we aim the efforts  to keep Americans employed through two measures.   For small businesses and nonprofits, the bill provides 100 percent  federally guaranteed loans for 8 weeks. If that loan is used to pay  your employees, pay your rent, or pay your utilities, it is no longer a  loan. It is a grant because we know what government has asked you to  do.   Other businesses get a retention credit to keep employees on.   If, unfortunately, American workers find themselves out of work, this  bill offers an additional 13 weeks of unemployment insurance and  dramatically expands eligibility. It also makes benefits more generous  by adding another $600 per week across-the-board payment increase  through the end of July.   The CARES Act also expands unemployment insurance to cover gig  workers and self-employed and nonprofit employees.   Additionally, for American families that might need a little extra  support, you will start receiving and seeing those checks in 3 weeks.  You won't have to wait for months for financial help. Payments will be  as much as $1,200 for an individual taxpayer and $500 per child.   Finally, this legislation provides critical resources to American  healthcare workers and hospitals, over $140 billion in appropriations  to support our health systems.   We don't just talk about our respect for the medical heroes among us.  We are going to give them the equipment to save lives and the tools  they need to protect themselves.   The reason for this legislation is to protect American workers,  protect American jobs, and protect hardworking American taxpayers.   We are providing targeted, temporary, and timely relief to Main  Street, not Wall Street. We are not underwriting bad business practices  or priming the pump. Ultimately, we are laying the foundation for a  rapid economic recovery.   This bill is not only a rescue package; it is a commitment, a  commitment that your government and the people whom you elected to  serve will do everything we can to limit the harm and hardship you  face, both now and in the foreseeable future.   To the American public, if you do your part, I promise we will do  ours.   Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, it is our responsibility to act, to  put aside our differences, and to do what is right for the American  public. Aid must be robust, rapid, and resilient, just like its  recipients.   We are going to help Americans through this. We are going to do this  [[Page H1847]]  together. In the end, we are going to be healthier, stronger, and more  united than ever before, because, as Americans, that is who we are.    I will take it back.   