 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, some of what I say today is going to be a little  redundant, but I think it does bear repeating.   I do stand here in strong support of the amended version of S. 1811,  which is the Water Resources Development Act 2020 or WRDA. The bill  represents a bipartisan, bicameral compromise. It renews our commitment  to regularly consider water resources infrastructure legislation.   And I remind my House colleagues and reiterate what the chairman  said, we unanimously passed a bipartisan WRDA bill out of the Committee  on Transportation and Infrastructure, and we unanimously passed it on  the floor of the House in July. And now, 5 months later, we hope to do  the very same thing after successfully negotiating with the Senate.   Madam Speaker, WRDA 2020 authorizes--and, again, as has been pointed  out--60 critical water resource projects. This is the most  authorizations in recent history. These projects are going to  strengthen our global competitiveness, they are going to grow the  economy, they are going to provide flood protection for our  communities, they are going to safeguard the environment, and create  jobs.   Additionally, WRDA is fiscally responsible and deauthorizes old  projects to fully offset new authorizations. It advances inland  waterway improvements by adjusting the Inland Waterways Trust Fund  cost-share; it includes important considerations and set-asides for  rural communities; and it provides relief to communities, such as those  in my home State of Missouri that have experienced repetitive losses as  a result of flood events.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman DeFazio, Chair Napolitano, Ranking  Member Westerman, and committee members and staff on both sides for  their efforts in this very important piece of legislation.   On the Republican staff, I particularly want to thank the  Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment staff: Ian Bennitt, Jon  Pawlow, and Victor Sarmiento. These folks have worked over weekends,  they have worked over the recent holidays to help ensure that our  priorities were intact, and we could move this bill prior to the end of  Congress--at least this year's Congress.   I thank my general counsel, Corey Cooke, Tara Hupman, Tyler  Micheletti, Justin Harclerode, Abby Camp, Nick Christensen, Jack Ruddy,  and my full committee staff director, Paul Sass, for their hard work on  this and getting it done.   Madam Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill, S.  1811, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Water Resources and the Environment.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Rouzer).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mast).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong  support of WRDA 2020.   This bill increases the authorized cost of the Cano Martin Pena  Ecosystem Restoration Project, representing the fully funded cost  estimate at fiscal year 2020 levels. This project was authorized in  2007, prior to completing the feasibility phase and without updated  costs. That is the reason it is so important for me. This change  reflects the reality of costs and supports the project moving forward.   This bill also authorizes flood risk management projects for Rio  Culebrinas, Rio Guayanilla, and Rio Grande de Manati in the  municipalities of Aguada, Aguadilla, Guayanilla, and Ciales.  Authorization is a firm step in the right direction as we work with  stakeholders to restore these rivers and improve flood protection and  the health and economic opportunities of island residents.   I would like to thank Chairman DeFazio and Ranking Member Graves and  their staff for working alongside my office to secure those provisions.   I also want to thank them for including the current mapping of all  coasts that are experiencing rapid change. That means that Alaska,  Hawaii, and many of the territories are going to be included in that  provision.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Zeldin).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jacobs).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, in closing, let me note that WRDA 2020 will make  America more competitive, grow jobs, foster a more robust economy, and,  very importantly, it is going to protect our communities for years to  come.   We passed a very similar bill by voice vote earlier this year, and  this version reflects negotiations with the Senate that successfully  maintained those strong principles and priorities from the House bill.   Madam Speaker, I would just like to say, as well, that it has been a  pleasure working with Chairman DeFazio and his staff in this process,  and this is the way that the Committee on Transportation and  Infrastructure usually works; and when it does work this way, we  produce really good products.   This is a good piece of legislation, and, hopefully, we will see much  more of that in the future. I know I am committed to it, and I think it  makes a big difference.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to join me in supporting this  bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   