 Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1140.   After the terror attacks of 9/11, Congress recognized that, in order  for TSA to successfully carry out its critical mission, it had to  accommodate the agency's unique operational needs. That is why, when  Congress passed the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, we gave  TSA one-of-a-kind authorities to respond to evolving threats.   TSA has used these authorities over time to remain flexible and  accountable to the needs of a diverse transportation system where each  airport faces a unique threat landscape. These flexibilities are key to  keeping the public safe. That is why I am very concerned about the  impact this bill will have on the security of our aviation system.   By moving the screener workforce under title V, this bill would  eliminate many of those critical flexibilities. For example, current  law allows for the immediate termination of employees who intentionally  allow guns, knives, or explosives through a checkpoint. Under this  bill, that employee could remain on the TSA payroll for months, or even  longer.   Current law allows TSA to set new security requirements, such as  enhanced passenger screening, when intelligence indicates credible  threats. How new security requirements are implemented could be subject  to negotiation if the union bill were to become law.   Right now, TSA has the flexibility to move screener checkpoints to  alleviate long lines and ensure security. The legislation before us  restricts that flexibility.   In addition to the impact on security, I am concerned with how the  bill proposes to transition the screener workforce. I don't think it is  fair for Congress to dictate which union gets to represent 45,000  screeners, but that is just what this bill does. The bill sets into law  the exclusive bargaining agent for the screeners and requires TSA to  immediately negotiate with them.   Under this bill, there is no intervening union election. Screeners  never get a chance to exercise their constitutional right to choose  their representation. I think that is wrong.   Beyond the consequences for aviation security and the fundamental  questions of fairness, this bill does little to improve the pay and  working conditions for screeners. In fact, TSA screeners will lose  benefits under this proposal.   If this bill becomes law, screeners will lose the ability to trade  shifts with one another or donate accrued leave to their fellow  workers. Certain pay overtime would be prohibited. Career milestone  bonuses would no longer be offered. Many veterans would no longer  qualify for hiring preferences.   The Congressional Budget Office estimates that this bill will cost  $1.8 billion over 5 years. That is a 20 percent increase over TSA's  current budget. That is a tremendous cost for so little return.   In May 2019, a blue-ribbon panel led by Clinton and Obama  administration human capital experts strongly argued against moving  screeners under title V as this bill would do. That panel rightly  pointed out that, under current law, TSA can pay screeners more than  they would make under title V.   That is the real irony with this bill. It purports to improve pay and  benefits for screeners, but, under current law, screeners could be paid  more and receive better benefits than this bill would allow.   I have long advocated for increased pay for the screener workforce,  and I agree with the blue-ribbon panel that TSA should build a pay  system superior to that of the GS schedule. The problem has always been  funding.   Past administrations have requested funding for increased screener  pay, and past Congresses have not provided it. Fortunately, the  President's fiscal year 2021 budget requests an increase in funding to  provide raises and bonuses for screeners.   If the majority truly wants to fix the problem, they should work with  us on a bill to fund these pay raises and implement the recommendations  of the bipartisan blue-ribbon panel. That is the bill we should have on  the floor today. Instead, they have, yet again, decided to move a  partisan messaging bill that rewards their political supporters. This  time it comes at the expense of taxpayers and security.   Like the rest of them, this partisan messaging bill will never become  law. The Senate won't take it up. The President said he would veto it.  It is a waste of time.   At some point, I hope the majority rejects this partisan approach to  legislating and works with us on our Nation's priorities.   Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to vote ``no,'' and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chair, I would point out to my colleague from Oregon that the  $1.8 billion was over 5 years, not 10 years. The screening fee that the  gentleman was referring to was diverted under the Obama administration  to general deficit relief.   But the fact is I agree fully with Chairman Thompson that we should  be paying our screeners more. It is our fault. Congress has not funded  the ability of TSA to raise their pay.   The irony of this bill is it would make it harder to pay them more;  it would pay them less. If we would fund the TSA for what they are  requesting, current law would allow them to have better incomes and  better benefits than this bill would allow. That is the real irony  here.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chair, I appreciate my friend and colleague from California's  observation, but, again, I emphasize about the union representation.   The gentleman just made the statement and reiterated what the  chairman had said in his opening statement, and that is there has been  enormous turnover in the TSA over the last decade because of the poor  pay, benefits, and working circumstances.   The fact is that very few people who work at TSA today voted for AFGE  to be the union. It won by plurality--not a majority--10 years ago, and  very few people who were there then are here now.   So, if, in fact, this bill were ever to become law--which it is not-- at a minimum, we should allow the workers to decide who they want their  representation to be. AFGE may win it, but it is wrong for Congress to  dictate to 45,000 employees who they should have for representation.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, in response to my friend and colleague from  Mississippi, who, in his last statements, emphasized that the employees  at TSA would have the right to elect their union representation, I  would refer him to page 9, line 24 of his bill, ``Exclusive  Representative--The labor organization certified by the Federal Labor  Relations Authority on June 29, 2011, or successor labor organization  shall be treated as the exclusive representative of full- and part-time  nonsupervisory TSA personnel carrying out screening functions under  section 44901`` et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.   This bill does pick winners and losers and, in this case, AFGE is the  winner. I am just saying, I don't think that is right.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I would say to my friend from Nevada that the irony with this bill is  they are moving TSA under a 70-year-old personnel management system  widely panned by good government organizations as unable to meet the  needs of the 21st century workforce.   So which system really is outdated?   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, the fact is, if we do treat the TSA officers the same  as other employees by putting them in title 5, they will actually lose  benefits. I talked about that in my opening statement.   Right now, they already get the same benefits like paid family leave,  but they are going to lose the ability to have bonuses, get certain  overtime pay, and trade shifts. Those are things that are valuable.   But the biggest problem I have is that we, as a Congress, have not  funded the pay system they have now which would allow greater pay than  title 5. I just think we need to stop shirking our duty and recognize  it is our responsibility to pay these employees fairly. We have not  been doing that, and this bill will accommodate that.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chairman, my colleague from New Jersey is a great member of the  Homeland Security Committee, and his heart is obviously in the right  place. Everything he said I agree with about our TSA workforce. I  travel through airports every week just like all the Members of this  House.   The fact is, it pains me to know we are not treating them better.  These are the people who came to work in the last government shutdown  without pay throughout that shutdown to make sure that we remained safe  as we flew back and forth.   We ought to be treating them better, and this bill doesn't do it. If  we want to treat these people the way they should be treated, we should  use current law and properly fund it and give them pay and benefits  better than anything this bill would ever accommodate.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   I want to make Mr. Thompson aware that I have no further speakers and  I am prepared to close.   Mr. Chairman, I want to close by thanking the men and women of TSA.  The debate we are having today does not impact the sincere appreciation  we have for the tremendous job they do each and every day. While we may  disagree on the best way forward, I think we all share the same goal of  improving screener pay and morale. We understand how important it is to  the workforce and to our security.  [[Page H1489]]    Unfortunately, this bill would do little more than undermine the goal  that we seek to achieve.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   