 Mr. President, the world is watching and dealing with  COVID-19--the economic effects and health effects. It has affected  every single one of our families in some way.   While the world is watching and we are dealing with all those issues  here in the United States, we can't lose track of what is happening on  the world stage because China is using this moment when the world is  distracted to push its way into Hong Kong and to break its word.   When we deal with China, we know what they have done, the predatory  tactics they have taken either on their own people or on countries  around the world.   The United States of America--when we do foreign aid, we go help  other countries gain more freedom, more security, more stability, and  more economic growth. We don't ask anything in return. We engage with  them to help them.   China is working with developing countries around the world by moving  into different countries and taking collateral of their ports, of their  airports, and establishing military bases around the world when poorer  countries default on the loans they give them. They are not helping  other countries; they are taking over other countries.   They are stepping into country after country and offering them great  new technology from Huawei to help their cell phone systems. They are  establishing security systems around their banks. But what they are  really doing is monitoring their people and gathering data on people  all around the world. The security systems aren't there to set up and  prop up dictatorships in poor countries; they are there for the  dictatorship of China to track what is going on there and any  international development.   We should be aware of what China is doing, and we should not ignore  this moment for the free people of Hong Kong.   Today, many Americans are aware of how China has handled the issue of  protective equipment. The medical equipment that we desperately needed  in March, April, May--much of it manufactured in China--we could not  get because the Communist Government of China kept the materials from  American companies that were manufacturing in China. The Chinese  Communist Government wouldn't allow the exportation of that, and they  just took that equipment over, putting all of the schedules behind.  Suddenly, Americans woke up and understood that our supply chains are  at risk. Our pharmaceutical supply chains are at risk, and our PPE  supply chains are at risk.   What many people don't know is that our rare earth minerals and  critical minerals supply chain is at risk. Lots of folks really like  the solar panels and electric car batteries. Well, great--except we are  completely dependent on China for the rare earth minerals that are in  those.   If we don't develop our own sourcing for those rare earth minerals-- and we do have those same rare earth minerals here--if we don't develop  our own supply chain, if we don't develop our own manufacturing for  pharmaceuticals and for the precursors of pharmaceuticals, we will  continue to be vulnerable to the Chinese Government, and at the moment  the Communist government determines, they will take over that supply,  and we will be at risk.   For decades, the Confucius Institutes have thrived on college  campuses, spreading a Communist philosophy all through our college  campuses. It is now at a moment that college campuses and leadership in  colleges are starting to wake up to say: Why are we allowing Communist  indoctrination on our campuses?   It is a bill that I have pushed, that I will continue to push to be  able to wake up our universities, to say: Why are we allowing this on  our campus?   It is an issue that I have pushed for years, dealing with Chinese  Communists spying on American technology, stealing technology, and also  stealing our science and inventions.   They come over with a grant from the United States and say they are  going to send over researchers, when really what they are doing is  harvesting the research and taking it back to China.   They take materials, whether it be music or movies or any items of  production, and all that manufacturing that comes to China, they then  take that same technology, move it to a different factory, and  literally compete against the first company, because to do business in  China, you have to turn over all your intellectual property to the  Communist government, which then takes it and uses it on their own.   The Chinese Communist Government is not the ally of freedom for the  world, and we should be aware of that. Certainly the people of Hong  Kong are aware of that.   In 1997, after 150 years as a British territory, Hong Kong became a  part of China under the Joint Declaration. It was one country, two  systems--that Hong Kong for 50 years would remain autonomous and free.   Well, just over two decades later, the Chinese Government has broken  its promise, and Hong Kong is no longer free. While the world is  consumed with what is happening with COVID-19, the Communist government  has moved into Hong Kong and has taken it over. They passed a law in  Beijing that they  [[Page S4381]]  sent over and declared in Hong Kong that they can't have any of what  they call subversion, organization or perpetuation of what they call  terroristic activities, collusion with a foreign country or an external  element, which I will explain later.   This new security law literally was delivered to the people of Hong  Kong at midnight, and it went into place immediately. Then the next  step was that the Chinese Communist police--military law enforcement-- moved into Hong Kong to begin to implement this.   Free speech immediately stopped. Those protesters who were out on the  street just wishing to be able to vote and to speak their mind were  immediately rounded up.   Teachers and academics have been arrested or fired or threatened.  Communist Chinese leaders have contacted them to reprimand them about  teaching about human rights in their classrooms, remembering that in  Hong Kong it was required--it was a required class in Hong Kong just  weeks ago--to learn about human rights and freedom, and now the Chinese  Government is removing those teachers and threatening any other teacher  who teaches about human rights that they will be removed.   Faith leaders have been squashed. You see, under this security law  that has passed, you can't have any external element collusion. They  define ``external element'' as any kind of worship of God as well that  does not align with the Communist Government. So any faith-based group  who is there in Hong Kong is immediately being squashed.   The Muslim Uighurs are gathered up in Communist China and put in  concentration camps to reeducate them on how to be more Chinese. Now  the people of Hong Kong are experiencing that same type of oppression  as the first step has stepped in to take away their right to free  speech, their right to gather and protest, and now also their right to  have freedom of faith. Leaders of the democracy movement have already  been rounded up and arrested. This is something that we should not  ignore. We have said as a world ``Never again,'' and we should engage.    I know many people in my State say we should focus on COVID-19, and  we should. There is much that needs to be done. We cannot take our eyes  off of freedom around the world, as well, and the people of Hong Kong.  As they lose their freedom, the world loses freedom, and China sees it  can move into one more place one more time. Taiwan is next, and they  will continue to move in this same way. We should stay engaged.   There are multiple bills this body has already done on sanctions, and  we should continue. We should continue to press in and speak out for  those who cannot speak for themselves in Hong Kong. They are being  isolated. Senator Tim Kaine and I just dropped a bill yesterday dealing  with internet freedom for the people of Hong Kong, saying that the  American Government should be engaged in trying to break through what  is called the great firewall in China. We know they will extend this  firewall into Hong Kong, as well, and will prevent the people from Hong  Kong from access to social media, information with each other, or  information from the outside world, just as they have with the people  of China. But the people of Hong Kong have grown up and lived in  freedom, and they know what it means to get outside information, and  the Chinese Government is actively working to shut that down. We should  actively work to push back on that to make sure the free people of Hong  Kong continue to communicate with each other and with the outside  world. We can stay engaged with that basic function of human rights.  That is why Senator Kaine and I are so passionate about this.   We should engage as a government to make sure that they can continue  to have the free speech that we have. When anyone loses their human  rights and dignities, the world loses human rights and dignities.   Again, I am aware that there are many things that need to happen with  COVID-19 right now, and we are actively working on those things as  well, and we should. But we should not lose track of freedom. Freedom  is our responsibility to model and to live and to help other free  people to guard. Let's stand with the people of Hong Kong.   I yield the floor.   