 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman's courtesy  in permitting me to speak on this bill. I feel very strongly about  this.   The United States Postal Service moves almost half the world's mail.  It is the most popular Federal agency, highest ratings. And, in fact,  if you look at the interaction that we have with postal workers, in my  community and elsewhere, they are deeply beloved.   I had a father-in-law who was a postal worker. In the holiday season  he was burdened down with cookies and fruitcake and brandy that was  given to him by the people on his route.   What we have seen, unfortunately, since 2006, is part of an assault  on the finest Postal Service in the world. You have heard it said  before on the floor; this is the only--not just the only Federal  agency, I don't think there is any entity in the United States that is  required to prefund health benefits for people who haven't yet been  born but might be employed 20, 30, 40 years from now. This is part of  an effort on behalf of some who literally have a jihad against the U.S.  Postal Service.   I had a session in my community 2 weeks ago where we heard about a  bizarre experiment on casing mail, taking that away from the letter  carriers,  [[Page H814]]  and it has resulted in a serious disruption in our community by people  who are disconnected from the actual service that is given.    Postal jobs are the best jobs in many rural and small American towns.  And there are some who feel, well, they are paid too much. They have  too generous benefits or retirement. That is hogwash.   They provide that foundation in much of rural and small-town America;  a beloved service, a service that provides an essential connection for  virtually the entire country, 6 days a week, and, in fact, if we get  our act together, there is more benefit that can be provided.   Get rid of this stupid prefunding and give them more flexibility  about the services they can provide. Why aren't we using the U.S.  Postal Service to help us with the census? These people know who lives  in the neighborhood. Why are we hiring temporary employees?   Why can't we use the Postal Service to deal with problems in the  future, if we have an outbreak of an anthrax-sort of activity in terms  of lethal threats. Use the Postal Service. Give them the flexibility to  provide more service. Respect the men and women who work there, and  stop this stupid effort to undercut the finest Postal Service in the  world.   I appreciate the committee bringing this legislation forward. I  appreciate the bipartisan support, and maybe it is time we get our act  straight to help them fulfill their full potential.   