 ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 2227, as amended, the  Gold Star Spouses and Spouses of Injured Servicemembers Leasing Relief  Act of 2019.   This bill would build upon legislation enacted last Congress and in  the fiscal year 2020 National Defense Authorization Act to amend the  Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to allow a surviving spouse of a  servicemember who died on active duty to terminate a property lease  following the servicemember's death.   This bill would expand that allowance to include motor vehicle leases  and provide the same protection for spouses of servicemembers who are  catastrophically injured in service.   Madam Speaker, the last thing a husband or wife should have to worry  about when their servicemember spouse dies or is grievously injured in  service to our country are late fees or penalties for terminating a  lease for a car or property. Ensuring that they don't have to is the  very least we can do in exchange for their sacrifice.   I thank my colleagues, Congresswoman Cheri Bustos from Illinois, my  friend Dr. Brad Wenstrup from Ohio, a fellow veteran and former senior  committee member, as well as all the other Members of Congress who  worked so hard on this bill in order to clarify these protections for  these most deserving men and women.   I encourage and urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R.  2227, as amended,   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Wenstrup), my good friend, and Iraq war  veteran. I commend him on his work on this bill.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill.   This takes me back to when I was in college in 1965, and my scout  master was killed in Vietnam leaving behind four children. They were  responsible for all these things with no resources, no money. I think  our lives then were worth, at the most, if you bought extra insurance,  $20,000, not much money.   This is the right thing to do. I am sorry it took 50 years to get it  done. I certainly appreciate all of my colleagues, especially my good  friend Dr. Wenstrup and Representative Bustos who brought this to our  attention and got it done.   I encourage all my colleagues to support this bill   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 4852, the G.I. and  Veterans Education Empowerment, or GIVE, Act.   This bill would require the Department of Veterans Affairs to provide  additional information on schools listed on the GI Bill Comparison  Tool. The tool was first authorized by legislation sponsored by  Congressman Gus Bilirakis from Florida, the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, in 2013 to give servicemembers  and veterans the opportunity to compare information on GI Bill-eligible  schools to determine which school is right for them.   The tool is modeled off the Department of Education's College  Navigator website, which contains information about tuition and fee  costs, policies on transferring credits, and whether an institution is  private, nonprofit, or public.   H.R. 4852 would add three additional data points to the tool to  ensure that it captures information about whether an institution is  affiliated with a religion, serves a specific group of minorities, or  is gender-specific.   As the old saying goes, information is power. I am sure that this  additional information will help GI Bill users choose the right school  to fit their specific needs and, ultimately, ensure their success in  higher education and beyond.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Norma Torres from California for  her work on this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to  support it.   Madam Speaker, having used the GI Bill myself many, many years ago,  it is an invaluable tool for our veterans. We know that the GI Bill was  really one of the major things that helped create the America we live  in today, as post-World War II veterans left, came out, used the GI  Bill, went to college, and really helped create this great country we  live in.   Two years ago, we passed a bill that would make the GI Bill forever,  so that if you lose your job when you are 45 years old or 50 years old,  if you are a veteran, you can go back and use that GI Bill to retrain  and continue your education.   This bill helps further clarify and helps veterans use that  information better for themselves and their families.   Madam Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 3749, as amended, the  Legal Services for Homeless Veterans Act.   This bill would authorize a new legal services grant program for  homeless veteran providers.   The Department of Veterans Affairs would administer this grant  program to organizations serving homeless veterans that provide legal  services for issues regarding housing, family matters, criminal  defense, and upgrading military discharges. Grantees would provide  these services to veterans who are or who are at risk of becoming  homeless.   This bill would also require that not less than 10 percent of grant  funds go toward providing legal services for veterans who are women.   The committee's oversight of the homeless program has found that  simple legal services can be a barrier to reintegration for the  homeless or at-risk veterans because they can prevent them from gaining  meaningful employment and stable housing.   I believe that providing grants to homeless veteran providers that  offer legal services to this vulnerable population would be providing  another avenue for these veterans to appropriately work through their  legal issues and, hopefully, move closer to independence.   The bill would also direct $20 million from VA's Supportive Services  for Veteran Families program to grantees that provide services  specifically for homeless women veterans.   It would further require an advanced study on what type of services  are available for homeless women veterans and how to ensure these  services are meeting their needs.   While I am supportive of this new program grant as well as the steps  the bill would take to help homeless women veterans, I am concerned  that there is no limit to the amount of medical service dollars that  could be spent on this new program. I worry that if we continue to use  the medical service account as a cash cow for new, unfunded priorities,  other veteran programs eventually could be negatively impacted.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I strongly support this bill and appreciate Mr.  Panetta's leadership on it.   When I got to Congress in 2009, there were over 100,000 homeless  veterans in this country. That number has been reduced by 70 percent.  And, as the chairman said, zero is the right number; that is the  correct number of homeless veterans.   This will go a long way to reestablishing many other things that the  committee has done to help this, but this is a major step in helping  when you are trying to get legal services with a lease or with many  other things, with family issues.   I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4613, as amended, the  VA Reporting Transparency Act. This bill would require the Department  of Veterans Affairs to make all of VA's congressionally mandated  reports available on the Department's website.   During the committee markup on this bill, I registered my concern  that this bill had not gone through regular order. Congress has not, to  my knowledge, required any other Federal agency to publish  congressionally mandated reports.   The concept of making congressionally mandated reports available is  not, on its face, objectionable. However, we cannot always see the  downstream consequences of a policy.   When the committee holds legislative hearings, we get an outside  perspective on legislation from important stakeholders and can identify  problems or potential enhancements that may not be readily apparent to  lawmakers.   Madam Speaker, I would like to reiterate that our committee's work-- and, by extension, our Nation's veterans--benefits from regular order,  and I urge our committee to return to it.   That said, I thank the chairman for supporting an amendment I offered  during the markup of this bill to address three concerns I had:   First, my amendment clarified that the requirement for VA to post  reports would apply prospectively in order to avoid requiring VA to  publish past reports.   Second, my amendment gave Congress 30 days to review the report  before VA publishes it on the website. The Government Accountability  Office gives us such a courtesy to review, and I believe the same  courtesy is appropriate here.   Finally, my amendment clarified that Congress can, at the time of  mandating the report, exempt it from publication. I was concerned that,  as written, it was unclear when a report could be withheld, and I  wanted the Congress mandating the report to make that decision.   With those changes, I believe the bill will result in a more  transparent and publicly accessible VA. I encourage my colleagues to  join me in supporting it, as amended, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   You heard the old saying that the best disinfectant in the world is  sunshine, and I could not agree more with that. I appreciate my  colleague, Congressman Rose from New York, for bringing this  legislation forward. I think it will allow everyone to see the reports  that we see in a timely fashion.   I strongly encourage my colleagues to support it, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 561, as amended, the  Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act.   H.R. 561, as amended, is contracting reform legislation sponsored by  my good friend, Lieutenant General Jack Bergman from Michigan, who is  the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.   This bill would give the Department of Veterans Affairs and the  Office of Inspector General badly needed tools to stop companies that  exploit contracting loopholes to take work from legitimate veteran- owned small businesses. It is crucial that the Federal procurement be  fair and that veteran entrepreneurs actually receive the business  opportunities that the law created for them.   Unfortunately, there have long been some fly-by-night small  businesses that obtain set-aside contracts only to pass on all of the  work to large businesses while collecting the profits. This is illegal,  but the law is difficult to enforce.   This legislation requires a written certification in every contract  proposal that the company will comply with the law. A false statement  constitutes fraud, and the bill makes it the Inspector General's  explicit responsibility to investigate such suspected fraud.   This bill is a smart fix for a difficult problem, and I appreciate  General Bergman as well as Dr. Neal Dunn of Florida, my good friend and  the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health; and Congresswoman Ann  Kuster of New Hampshire for their work on it going back several years.  I urge all Members to support H.R. 561, as amended.   Lieutenant General Jack Bergman is my good friend. I think General  Bergman is the highest-ranking veteran in the U.S. Congress in either  the House or the Senate. He represents the Upper Peninsula in Michigan  and has been a great member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Bergman).    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, just for the record, a  lieutenant general, in case there are those who don't know what that  is, has three stars. I salute this marine. Even though I was in the  Army, I have to salute the general over here.   Before I close in support of this bill, Madam Speaker, I want to  express my disappointment that we are not considering another bill, S.  3084, this afternoon as well.   S. 3084 would correct a technical error in current law that unless  swiftly addressed will jeopardize the financial security of certain  current and former senior leaders across the VA healthcare system and  make it harder for VA to recruit and retain the necessary talent to  serve our Nation's veterans.   In short, a provision of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health  Services Act of 2010--and I remember that--is intended to raise the  salary cap for employees serving our senior executive services- equivalent positions in the Veterans Health Administration. However,  due to a recently realized error in the law, VA will have to cut pay  and issue debts for 30 current and 10 former senior leaders in those  positions unless Congress acts to make the necessary corrections which  S. 3084 will do.   This was no fault of the Members. All of the employees who are  impacted by this technical error serve in high-level, mission-critical  leadership positions working on issues like suicide prevention, mental  health, women's health, and more. We should be encouraging and  supporting these leaders, not leaving them in limbo.    What is more, our failure to address this issue in a timely manner is  actively making it harder for VA to recruit candidates to fill  important vacancies across the country.   Madam Speaker, S. 3084 passed the Senate on January 16. We could have  taken it up and passed it many times over by now. If we had, those  leaders would be resting a lot easier, and those vacancies could have  been filled. I urge Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Takano not to delay any  longer and to schedule S. 3084 for floor time as soon as possible.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Takano for his leadership on  all these bills we brought here. They are all very needed, and I  appreciate the gentleman bringing them up in a timely fashion. I  absolutely endorse all of those today, and I encourage my colleagues to  support H.R. 561, as amended.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   