 Mr. President, during the past couple of weeks, I have  been talking to Montanans about their needs as we deal with this  coronavirus. Healthcare officials tell me that folks on the frontlines  need more masks, more protective equipment, and, quite frankly, this  bill does not get that done. It helps, but it doesn't get it done.  Small businesses and their employees are telling me that they need  immediate access to relief. This bill doesn't do that because, quite  frankly, we need more on the front end on bridge loans. Tax credits are  great, but you have to be in business to be able to take advantage of  those. Mayors and local city officials are worried that if they can't  keep up with the mounting needs their communities are facing, this bill  fails them. Tribal leaders across Montana have made it clear to me and  to other folks in this body that they are largely and unfortunately  ignored in the bill before us.    This bill is nearly $2 trillion. One of the things it does do, and I  know there are folks on the floor right now who disagree, but the fact  is, massive corporations through that $500 billion slush fund, which, I  might add, has very little, if any, transparency or accountability--it  goes to those folks.   Look, I think all of us agree that $2 trillion is a lot of money. It  is all borrowed money, and if there is ever a time to borrow money, it  is in economic times like these, but this needs to be a targeted,  temporary support to keep our economy going.   As the Senator from Connecticut said, the fact is that this bill,  particularly this slush fund, is not a good use of taxpayer money. It  would allow an unelected official with no accountability to the  American people to dole out $500 billion while hiding the receipts for  months, if not longer.   I know there are Senators who say: Well, they can get warrants for  these loans. They must get warrants for these loans.   These companies can take advantage of hundreds of billions of dollars  of this money and continue to lay off some of those same taxpayers who  are supporting them through their taxes.   Montanans know we can do better, and they expect better. Working  together, I am going to tell you, we can get this done. There isn't a  person in this body who hasn't filled a leadership position outside of  their service to the U.S. Senate. You know that you need to negotiate  and you need to compromise. If that is done and it is done in good  faith, we will have a bill before the day is done.   I yield the floor.   