 And still I rise, Mr. Speaker, in the name of  liberty and justice for all. I rise to call to our attention that we  saw last night evidence of what happens when one party comes to debate  and another party comes to disrupt.   We saw a President who did any and everything that he could to avoid  debating. And we saw a Vice President who did any and everything that  he could to debate.   But something more important happened than the disruption. We saw a  President who refused to denounce white supremacy and the supremacists.  This is not the first time this has happened. A President who refuses  to denounce white supremacy and white supremacists should not hold  office.   Mr. Speaker, I was proud of the Vice President. He indicated that the  President of the United States is a racist. Some things bear repeating:  The Vice President, former Vice President, indicated that the current  President is a racist.   By the way, he is not the first person to say so. Many members of the  leadership of the House have said so. Other prominent Americans have  said so. So it should not surprise anyone that the Record should  reflect what has been said.   The Vice President went on to say that he wants to do something about  racism in this country. That, if elected, he will convene a meeting of  persons, prominent persons, law enforcement, and others, to do  something about racism, and I am going to add systemic racism.   I believe that the Vice President's heart is in the right place, but  I also know that convening is not enough.  [[Page H5058]]    Mr. Vice President, whom I happen to like very much, convening is not  enough.   It is time for us to turn the talking points associated with racism  into action items, and we have done much of that here on the Hill. But  there is one thing that we need to do that we have not done in this  country that goes back to 1619, and that is, we have not reconciled. We  have not reconciled the differences that we have, the racial  differences. It is time for reconciliation.   To turn this talking point into an action item, Mr. Vice President, I  beg that you would establish a department of reconciliation with a  secretary of reconciliation who wakes up every morning with the job of  eliminating invidious discrimination in all of its forms in this  country.    It is time for us to deal forthrightly, to deal in an open and  notorious manner, with racism and invidious discrimination in this  country in all of its various forms.   It is time, Mr. Vice President. You are the man. You are the man in  the sense that you are the man running for President as the nominee of  the Democratic Party. In that sense, you are the person to be more  appropriate who can make this happen.   We saw a President declare a war on poverty, President Johnson. It is  time to declare a war on racism. It is time to end what we are seeing  occurring almost on a weekly basis in this country to African  Americans, minorities, and women. It is time to have a department of  reconciliation.   To this end, I will send the Vice President a letter asking him to  consider a department of reconciliation. To talk about it is not  enough. We have to have the action item.   There are many other things that can be done. I don't oppose a task  force. I don't oppose opportunities to look at other forms of  reconciliation. But a department of reconciliation is the means by  which we can formalize and actualize reconciliation in this country.   It won't be easy, and it won't happen right away, which is why we  need the department of reconciliation. Call it anything that you want,  as long as it is about reconciliation.   I will contact you, Mr. President.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, Ms. Wexton,  for bringing this legislation before the House.   To be very candid with you, upon reviewing the materials that have  been submitted to me, I was absolutely amazed that this kind of  activity is taking place.   Forced labor. Is that what they are calling it now when you force  people to work, when you separate families, when you have persons  denounce their religion, when you put them in reeducation centers? Is  that what this is all about, forced labor?   I have a history that requires me to speak up and speak out on these  issues. Forced labor is how I got to this country. If you understand my  history, you have to understand why I am absolutely, totally, and  completely opposed to what is happening to the Uyghurs. This is  unconscionable, and it is unacceptable.   I am proud to be a person who will strongly recommend to my  colleagues that we not allow this to continue. It is one thing to have  the forced labor, and then to compound it by having American companies  benefit from the forced labor, that is sinful. It is criminal in  international courts, but it is also just sinful that American  companies would participate in this kind of activity.    I think this notion that they should be audited, their supply chains  should be audited, is more than reasonable. Why would we not want to  know whether American companies are participating in this kind of  behavior? We need to know.  [[Page H5066]]    How do we find out? Audit the supply chain. It just makes sense that  we would do this.   I don't understand how we can oppose trying to find out if this kind  of activity is being engaged in by American companies.   Finally, this: I don't understand how we consistently find people  opposed to making inquiries about the suffering of other people. At  some point, the people who are suffering have to be given some  opportunity to have their suffering addressed. And it doesn't matter  where they are in the world. Suffering has to be addressed. We cannot  allow it to happen there because, if we do, it can happen here.   I am absolutely supportive of H.R. 6270, and I strongly encourage my  colleagues to help us end the suffering of the Uyghur people.   I just spoke to a constituent who is of Chinese ancestry who said to  me that she believes all of this to be true.   I just don't understand how we can oppose this piece of legislation,  and I strongly urge my colleagues to support it.   