 Madam President, I am glad to be joined today by my  colleague from Illinois, who is a personal mentor of mine. We are here  to talk about the threat of war with Iran and about the Constitution.   I have been worried about this threat for some time, ever since  President Trump chose to ignore the advice of his key national security  professionals and allies by abandoning America's commitment to a  diplomatic deal to limit Iran's nuclear program. The President's action  since that tragic decision and the easily predictable responses of Iran  to his actions have resulted in an escalating set of hostilities  between the United States and Iran and its proxies.   I will state at the outset my conclusion. I believe that the United  States should not be at war in Iran and that, indeed, another war in  the Middle East now would be catastrophic.   But I recognize that some of my colleagues may have a different point  of view. So I speak in the hopes of forging a consensus on at least one  issue, and that issue is this: If there is to be a war with Iran, it  should not be initiated by this President or any President acting on  his or her own. It should only be initiated by a vote of Congress  following an open and public debate in full view of the American  people.   Every Member of Congress should vote and then be accountable for the  question of whether another war in the Middle East is a good idea. The  demand for congressional accountability is constitutionally required in  the unique constitutional framework that we have. We pledge to support  and defend the principle that it is up to Congress to declare war, not  the President.   If we engage in a war, the odds are high that young American men and  women will be killed or injured. Some will see their friends killed and  injured. Some will have the remainder of their lives affected by  physical and emotional injuries, post-traumatic stress, the pain of  losing friends, and their families and friends will bear those scars as  well. If we are to order our troops and their families to run that  risk, then, it should be based on a public consensus as reflected in an  open congressional debate and vote that war is in the national  interest.   If Congress debates the matter in full view of the public and reaches  the conclusion that war is necessary, so be it. Even if I were to vote  no, if the majority of my colleagues voted yes, I would agree that the  decision to go to war was a legitimate basis to order our best and  brightest into harm's way.   But by what right do we consign our troops to possible injury and  death if  [[Page S18]]  we are unwilling to have a debate and cast a vote ourselves? We cannot  hide under our desks, outsource our constitutional duty to any  President, and pretend that we can avoid accountability for war and its  consequences.   Over the course of this week, I will address three topics about the  issue of war with Iran. The first subject which I will address today is  this: How did we get here? How did we come to the place where the  United States and Iran are trading violent attacks against one another  and what does that mean for our country, the region, and the world?   In the coming days, I will address two additional topics. I will  discuss how Congress should reclaim its constitutional war-making  powers by acting on a privileged resolution that Senator Durbin and I  have filed on January 3 to remove U.S. troops from hostilities with  Iran unless Congress passes a new declaration or legal authorization  initiating such a war. The resolution, which is also being offered on  the House side by Representative Slotkin, will give all 535 Members of  Congress the opportunity to declare where they are on the advisability  of a war with Iran, and it also gives them an opportunity to affirm  their commitment to their oath of office.   Finally, later in the week, I will address the larger question of how  the United States should deescalate tensions in the Middle East so that  we might better protect American lives and promote peace and stability  in a very turbulent part of the world.   How did we get here?   The United States and Iran have a very troubled history. When Iran's  democratically elected Prime Minister, Mohammad Mossaddegh, supported  efforts to nationalize private energy resources, the United States and  Britain orchestrated a coup that led to his ouster in 1953.   The overthrow of Iran's democratic government, partially with U.S.  support, led to the strengthened rule of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi,  who ruled Iran as an Emperor until he was overthrown in the Iranian  revolution of 1979. His dictatorial rule, with strong support from the  United States, increasingly alienated the Iranian population. When he  fled the country during the revolution, Iran abolished the monarchy and  declared itself an Islamic republic.   Within a few months after the revolution, Iranian protestors took  over the American Embassy in Iran. For those of us who saw the protests  outside the American Embassy in Baghdad last week, the images of the  Iranian Embassy hostage taking in Iran in 1979 were at the front of our  minds. The protesters cited America's role in the 1953 coups, and they  asked the United States to return the Shah, who had come to the United  States seeking medical attention, to Iran for trial. The United States  refused. Iran held 52 Americans hostage for more than 440 days until  they were finally released in the first days of the Reagan  administration.   After this attack--this inexcusable attack on the American Embassy-- U.S. and Iran diplomatic relations were severed. The United States has  imposed significant economic sanctions against Iran for decades. The  United States provided support for Iraq in its 8-year war against  Iran--a war in which hundreds of thousands of Iranians were killed.   In 1988, the U.S. Navy cruiser USS Vincennes shot down an Iranian  commercial airliner, killing 290 passengers and its crew.   Iran has engaged in hostilities against the United States and our  allies in many settings--through targeted attacks and assassinations  around the world, covert and overt support for terrorist organizations,  and development of weapons systems in violation of U.N. security  resolutions. Iran has been directly responsible for the deaths of  thousands of Americans and indirectly responsible for many, many more.  These activities over many decades have led America for years to view  Iran as a key promoter of terrorism and one of the most concerning  nation-state adversaries of the United States.   In recent years, a particular focus has been Iran's nuclear program.  Despite Iran's claim that it sought nuclear power purely for peaceful  purposes, legitimate suspicion of its intent led to a global campaign  led by the United States to sanction Iran even more as a means of  getting the country to abandon its quest for nuclear weapons.   After years of negotiations between six nations--France, Britain, the  United States, Germany, Russia, China--and Iran, an agreement was  reached in 2015 whereby Iran would pledge never to seek, acquire, or  develop nuclear weapons in exchange for gradual relaxation of sanctions  against Iran. The agreement, known as the JCPOA, contained strict  limits on Iran's nuclear program that would gradually relax over 25  years. Iran's pledge to never acquire or develop nuclear weapons was  permanent, as was its commitment to abide by the inspection protocols  of the International Atomic Energy Agency to ensure compliance with  that fundamental pledge. The JCPOA was not perfect, but it carefully  preserved the ability of the United States and other nations to  continue sanctions against Iran for its other activities and offered an  opportunity for the first time in four decades for the United States  and Iran to communicate through an established diplomatic process.   As the Trump administration took office, the President pledged to  undo this diplomatic deal, the JCPOA. The nations that agreed to the  deal pointed out that Iran was complying with the deal, as did the  IAEA, and the key officials of President Trump's national security  team--Defense Secretary Mattis, Secretary of State Tillerson, National  Security Advisor McMaster, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff  General Dunford--all argued that the agreement was working and should  be maintained.   But President Trump made the decision that the United States should  abandon the diplomatic deal. The U.S. abandonment of a working  diplomatic deal was historic. No U.S. President had ever walked away  from a diplomatic commitment of this kind.   Many of us, at the time, warned the President that abandoning  diplomacy, against the advice of allies and our national security  professionals, would likely lead us to an unnecessary war. It was just  a matter of time. Indeed, since the beginning of the Trump  administration, there have been increasing back-and-forth provocations  that have now led us to a state of active hostilities between the  United States and Iran.   Unclassified examples of U.S. activity under the Trump administration  that have escalated hostilities with Iran include the following:   On December 12, 2017, the United States and Israel reached a joint  strategic work plan to counter Iranian activity in the Middle East that  included preparation for military escalation scenarios against Iran.   On May 8, 2018, President Trump unilaterally withdrew from the JCPOA  after promising to do so for months.   On May 21, 2018, Secretary of State Pompeo, who had earlier expressed  a preference for bombing Iran rather than entering into the JCPOA,  vowed to ``crush'' Iranian operatives and proxies.   On July 23, 2018, President Trump tweeted a threat to President  Rouhani, warning that Iran would ``SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF  WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE.''   On August 6, 2018, the Trump administration unilaterally imposed  economic sanctions lifted as part of the JCPOA, despite Iran's  continued compliance with the deal.   In September of 2018, it was reported that new National Security  Advisor John Bolton had asked the Department of Defense to prepare war  plans against Iran. Later the same month, Bolton warned Iran that there  would be ``hell to pay'' if the nation ever crossed the United States.   On October 3, 2018, the Trump administration terminated the 1955  Treaty of Amity affirming friendly relations between the United States  and Iran. The United States terminated it. The treaty itself had long  ago been made irrelevant by the actual hostilities between the nations,  but the action of the United States in finding the treaty and publicly  terminating it unilaterally was seen as a part of a pattern of hostile  intent.   As early as the fall of 2018, Department of Defense officials began  to express concern that the U.S. maximum security pressure campaign  against  [[Page S19]]  Iran was raising the risk of Iranian retaliation against American  troops in Iraq and Syria. In an October 26 article in the Wall Street  Journal, DOD officials were quoted as expressing concern that Iran's  belief that the United States was helping Israel with airstrikes would  jeopardize American lives in the region.   On November 5, 2018, President Trump imposed additional sanctions on  Iranian oil, shipping, and banking sectors.   On February 3, 2019, President Trump stated on ``Face the Nation''  that troops being withdrawn from Syria would be moved to Iraq to serve  as a check against Iran.   On February 11, 2019, Advisor Bolton released a video addressed to  the 40th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, stating that Iran's  leaders would not ``have many more anniversaries to enjoy.''   On February 13, 2019, the Trump administration convened a meeting in  Poland that was publicly described by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu on his official website as designed to ``advance the common  interest of war'' against Iran.   In March 2019, press accounts revealed that the Department of Energy  had approved seven transfers of nuclear technical information from U.S.  companies to Saudi Arabia without informing Congress. The transfers  were made despite U.S. awareness that the Government of Saudi Arabia  had publicly threatened to develop nuclear weapons to counter Iran.   On April 8, 2019, the United States designated the Iranian  Revolutionary Guard as a foreign terrorist organization, the first time  that had ever been used to apply to a foreign governmental entity.   On May 5, 2019, Advisor Bolton announced deployment of the Lincoln  Carrier Strike Group and a bomber task force to the U.S. Central  Command for the expressed purpose of countering Iran.   On May 8, 2019, the Trump administration ordered new sanctions  against Iran's metal industry.   On May 10, 2019, the New York Times reported on war plans developed  by the administration that could deploy up to 120,000 additional U.S.  troops to the Middle East to counter Iran. On the same day, the  administration deployed Patriot missiles to U.S. Central Command to  counter Iran.   On May 24, 2019, the Trump administration bypassed Congress,  declaring an emergency citing ``Iranian malign activity'' in order to  sell weapons to Saudi Arabia and the UAE.   In June of 2019, President Trump ordered 3,500 more troops of the  U.S. military to the Middle East to check Iran.   On June 20, 2019, the United States initiated a strike against  Iranian positions that was aborted at the last minute by President  Trump.   On June 24, 2019, President Trump imposed additional sanctions  against Iran.   On September 15, 2019, after drone attacks on two key oil  installations in Saudi Arabia, President Trump tweeted that the United  States was ``locked and loaded depending on verification from the  Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of the attack.''   On November 19, 2019, President Trump notified Congress that  ``consistent with the War Powers Resolution,'' he was deploying  additional U.S. weapons and troops to Saudi Arabia to counter Iran.   On December 29, 2019, following a rocket attack from an Iranian- backed militia in Iraq that killed an American contractor and wounded  several others, the U.S. military struck Iranian-backed militia groups  in Iraq and Syria, killing dozens.   On January 2, 2019, President Trump ordered a drone strike killing  Qasem Soleimani, a key Iranian military commander as well as a key  Iraqi military leader. The December and January strikes in Iraq were  carried out despite the objections of the Iraqi Government and without  any prior notification to Congress. Two days after the Soleimani  strike, the President notified Congress of the action, which had been  in the newspaper, obviously, ``consistent with the War Powers  Resolution.''   Now, during the same time, Iran has conducted escalatory activities  as well. Their bellicose behavior includes continued arming and  financial backing of Hezbollah, a designated foreign terrorist  organization which carried out the bombing of the marine barracks in  Beirut as well as efforts to target Israeli citizens and troops;  support for the Houthis, including the supplying of ballistic missiles,  thus escalating the civil war in Yemen; direct participation of troops  and commanders in support of Bashar al-Assad's murderous campaign  against the Syrian people; support for the Popular Mobilization  Committee-affiliated Shia militias in Iraq, which pose a direct threat  to U.S. personnel; unjust detention of U.S. citizens; cyber attacks on  U.S. officials, agencies, and companies; the downing of a U.S. unmanned  aerial vehicle in June of 2019; UAV strikes against Saudi oil  facilities in September 2019; persistent interference with commercial  shipping in the Strait of Hormuz; militia attacks on the Iraqi base in  December that killed an American contractor; and stoking popular unrest  against the United States in Iraq that encouraged the assault on the  U.S. Embassy in Baghdad last week.   I have given you these examples for a reason. You can see the reason.  There has been an escalation that began with the U.S. decision to  destroy a diplomatic deal, and it has been one nation acting and the  other responding, and the other acting and the other responding, and  now we are on the brink of war. The escalation has been so significant  between the United States and Iran that now each country has been  responsible for actively inflicting injuries and deaths on the other,  and we are at the brink of war.   Thousands of American servicemembers enjoying the holidays with their  families were surprised by notices in the last few days that they must  now deploy to the Middle East yet again. The current state of  hostilities is causing other serious consequences.   The U.S. abandonment of the diplomatic deal, together with other  actions, has seriously jeopardized our relations with many allies,  particularly our European allies. The U.S. abandonment of a diplomatic  deal over a nuclear program has made it much harder to find a  diplomatic deal with North Korea. The U.S. decision to carry out  strikes on Iraqi soil over Iraqi objections has badly damaged U.S.-Iraq  relations. Just yesterday, the Iraqi Parliament voted to ask all U.S.  troops to leave Iraq. If that occurs, it will further destabilize a  country that has been wracked with protests in recent months, and it  will embolden both ISIS and Iran.   U.S. actions have had the unlikely effect of driving three of our  principled nation-state adversaries into historically unprecedented  levels of cooperation. Just recently, Iran, China, and Russia conducted  joint naval operations in the Gulf of Oman.   Notably, the U.S. actions that I have described here have been  carried out mostly by President Trump without congressional approval  and often without any notice or any consultation with Congress. Members  of Congress on the relevant committees have had to read about these  actions in the newspapers rather than being informed by the Trump  administration.   At this particular moment, with the specter of war so present, it is  time for Congress to assert itself. We cannot let a President destroy  American diplomacy on its own. We cannot let a President take our  Nation, take our troops, and take our best and brightest into an  unnecessary war on his own. Indeed, we cannot leave the lives of our  troops up to the whim of this President or of any President.   That is why Senator Durbin and I have introduced, pursuant to the  same War Powers Act referenced by the President, a resolution that will  force the removal of U.S. troops from hostilities with Iran unless  Congress independently votes that we should be at war. Congress has the  responsibility, and Congress must act to shoulder its responsibility.   I will offer more comments on the resolution later this week, but I  appreciate the support of my colleague, who, as I said, in many ways,  is my mentor in the Senate, the Senator from Illinois.   I yield the floor to him.   