 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Protecting America's  Food and Agriculture Act. I think this bill is a great example of how  the House can work together, particularly across committee lines. Here,  we have Homeland Security Committee and Agriculture Committee folks  working together in the House and the Senate.   This is a critical piece of legislation in order to make sure we do  everything possible to protect our food supply, our farmers, and  agribusiness.   I have been focused very intently on this whole African swine fever  threat for many months. When you look at it in China, it has ravaged  their hog supply. Literally, over 50 percent of the hogs in China have  had to be slaughtered because of it.   That disease has moved to Thailand, Vietnam, and the Philippines. It  is in Poland, moving toward Germany and the European Union. It is an  incredible threat, and it has caused a lot of destruction.   In my district in southern Minnesota, I happen to represent some of  the finest agricultural producers in all the world, including livestock  producers and many in pork production. Our district is number two in  the whole country for pork production.   When you look at what is going on with African swine fever, it is  obviously both an opportunity and a challenge. The opportunity is that  there is going to be a need for our products--our pork supply, poultry,  and other things. Our producers are going to have a chance to export  around the world, perhaps even enhance and expand their operations.   Of course, the challenge is: What happens if the African swine fever  gets in the United States? If African swine fever enters the United  States, it is not going to hurt just our pork producers. It is going to  hurt our corn and soybean growers, and the people who pack the meat,  transport the meat, all the people down the line to Main Street. It is  going to drive up the prices for our consumers, and we can't let that  happen.   That is why this bill is so important, to enhance the inspectors at  these ports of entry and to make sure that the Beagle Brigades, as they  are called, are upgraded. They do a terrific job of sniffing out the  pork.   I completely support this legislation, and I would ask my colleagues  to consider this thought in the future, of perhaps putting together a  task force between the Department of Agriculture and the Department of  Homeland Security to make sure that they are working in cooperation.    Mr. Speaker, I think a task force would be great, in  order to make sure that these Departments are coordinating and working  together. Then we in the Congress can interact with them in a better  fashion.   We have to do every last thing we can to protect our food production  and our American agricultural producers from this and other infectious  diseases. I encourage everyone to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Protecting America's Food  and Agriculture Act.   Agriculture is key to southern Minnesota's economy, but a shortage of  Agricultural inspectors at America's ports of entries puts our  production at risk from infectious diseases.   African Swine Fever has torn through China's hog population and is  currently spreading throughout Europe and Asia--with recent outbreaks  reported in the Philippines and Greece.   Foreign Ag Diseases like the High Path Avian Influenza outbreak in  2014 cost the poultry industry $1.6 billion. Foreign Ag Diseases affect  the whole food supply chain, reducing demand and prices for crops like  corn and soybeans, and increasing the price of food at the supermarket.   With the recent outbreak of the Coronavirus, it is critical that we  protect our American food and agriculture from pests and foreign-born  diseases, so that we can continue to supply high quality products  around the world.   Our farmers are ready to meet this challenge. Minnesota's agriculture  exports skyrocketed by 263 percent in the past ten years. And pork  products alone account for 10 percent of all Minnesota Ag exports,  therefore an outbreak of the ASF would have a significant impact on our  economy.   This legislation will help CBP acquire the necessary resources to  hire, train and assign agricultural specialists and support staff for  canine teams that will detect and prevent the spread of ASF and other  foreign-born diseases at our ports of entry. I urge my colleagues to  join me in support of this bill in the name of protecting our food  supply.   