 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I want to thank Congresswoman Susie Lee and Chairman  Bobby Scott for  their leadership on advocating for America's students.   In the economy that we are in today, some kind of postsecondary  training, whether it is an associate's degree, an apprenticeship  program, or a 4-year program, is necessary in order to get the skills  that are required in order to support a family and earn a decent  living, and that is what education should be about in this country.   Sadly, in order to get that education, too many young people and  people transitioning into their next job are taking on mountains of  debt. Student debt is now $1.3 trillion, more than credit card debt in  this country.   As a result, these students, these graduates, often, or some who drop  out are holding back from making other necessary investments to support  their families, holding back on buying a home, and holding back on  starting families and putting away money for their retirement because  they are so saddled with debt.   One of the contributors to this huge increase in student debt has  been the effect of predatory for-profit colleges. They have exploited  potential students with false promises of high-paying jobs; and,  particularly shameful, they have recruited the most vulnerable low- income individuals: first-generation students, veterans. They have  recruited them into junk programs.   Education should always be a vehicle to opportunity. Instead, these  students are left with a bag of promises and crushing student debt.   This is a real problem. This a real issue. That is why President  Obama's Department of Education enacted the borrower defense rule to  outline a clear, transparent process for student loan relief and to  institute protections for those students and protections for taxpayers  as well, because we are often talking about taxpayer-backed loans. The  Obama borrower defense rule would help defrauded students get the loan  debt relief that is owed to them under the law.   Secretary DeVos, however, has refused to implement this rule, and as  of December 2019, 240,000 defrauded borrowers are still waiting for her  to act on their claims. That includes 6,000 people from my home State.  This rule further underscores why Secretary DeVos is unsuited for this  position.   We have to protect students from these for-profit colleges that have  defrauded them, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting  this rule and the legislation that will be coming to the floor.   