 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my dear friend  from Ohio, for yielding.   I am listening to my colleagues and the recent speaker. Where is that  passion, where is that indignation over the violent mobs that are  terrorizing our communities, that are assaulting our law enforcement  officers?   People are being killed in cold blood in once great American cities,  and not nigh a word is said in this great Chamber about what is  happening to our fellow Americans whose rights are being trampled.  Instead, they want to hyperventilate over this pettiness.   We know what it is about, and the American people know what it is  about, Madam Speaker. They know good and well this is about scoring  political points. They have seen it over and over, day in and day out  for the last 2 years under the Pelosi leadership of this great  representative body; obstruction, more political theater, and just  dividing us.   This is dividing our country. This is opportunism like I have never  seen before. You can't refer to a virus by its place of origin? We have  been doing that for time immemorial. And now we can't call it the  ``Chinese virus,'' somehow that is offensive?   This is about dividing our country. This is about stoking the flames  of racial dissension. It is un-American. It is unacceptable for our  leaders to do what is happening today. I trust the American people;  they are watching this.   This is the stark contrast in leadership that we have been talking  about. Do you want more of this, America?   Do you want more resolutions to condemn calling the virus the ``Wuhan  virus?'' Or do you want to condemn what is happening in Portland, in  Seattle, and the rise in crime and the mass exodus by our police  officers, who feel that they have jeopardized their livelihoods and  their lives? We have disrespected them. We have demonized them.   What are we doing in this Chamber? God save the Union. God have mercy  that we can't just come together, solve a few problems, I don't know,  like the unprecedented crisis that we are facing to get our fellow  American citizens and families back on their feet. To hold China  accountable for what they have done.   There are real problems to solve, and I want to work with my  colleagues. And they know we condemn racism. They know we don't stand  for making light of something so serious. But they are seizing on this  political opportunistic moment. It is the wrong time. They are on the  wrong side of history here, Madam Speaker. And the ultimate judge of  what happens today in this Chamber and what has happened over the last  2 years will be in the hands of we the people. And that is my faith,  that is my confidence.    Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained by a media hit  across the Capitol complex. I would have been a strong ``yes'' on  rollcall No. 194.   