 Madam President, I take to the floor of the Senate this  afternoon to call Senators' attention to the worsening crisis in  intercountry adoptions. I must say, it saddens me to have to do this  because much of the crisis in foreign adoptions--or intercountry  adoptions--is happening as a result of policies of our own Federal  Government.   I am fortunate to have had two loving parents and a loving family. My  dad is 96 years old. I visited with him yesterday. My mom, sadly,  passed away several years ago. But I was fortunate. I was among the  fortunate people on the face of this planet to have two loving parents  and a loving family. That is not the case all around the world.   Internationally, in particular, there are countless children who have  no mom, no dad, no family, no extended family to care for them. They  reside in the most deplorable conditions, in orphanages, and as wards  of the state.   Americans have always been compassionate for these children without a  forever family, and that compassion extends to children not only  orphaned in the United States but also outside of our borders. For  decades, Americans have led the world in welcoming children from around  the globe to come to the United States and be part of a forever family.  As a result, more than 150,000 children adopted from foreign countries  are now growing up in the United States--150,000. These children and  their adoptive families are examples of America at its best.   I am here to say to my colleagues today that intercountry adoption is  in real trouble, and much of the reason that intercountry adoption is  in trouble is coming from our own Federal policies, from unelected  bureaucrats, particularly at our own Department of State.   The number of international children finding an American home has  plummeted in recent years. Listen to this statistic. In the year 2004,  Americans adopted 23,000 children from foreign countries--23,000. Last  year, 2019, that number had fallen below 3,000, an 87-percent drop from  23,000 only 15 years before to 3,000 in 15 short years.   Now, people who have been looking into this issue are well aware of  what is causing the decline, and one of the reasons is Russia. Because  of foreign policy disagreements, Russia has shut its doors to  intercountry adoption. We have pleaded with the Russian Government  about this, and we have not made much progress. That is one of the  factors--not the only factor and not even the principal factor, but  that is on the Russian Government. It saddens me that they have done  that.   The biggest reason for the decline in intercountry adoptions by  Americans comes within our own government, our own State Department.  For years, the State Department and its adoption accrediting entity  have demonstrated a clear and consistent bias against intercountry  adoption. It saddens me to say this. It is unbelievable that I have to  say this, but career bureaucrats in the State Department have  deliberately obstructed the adoption process with new fees, new  requirements that amount to redtape, and unrealistic standards on  foreign governments. These bureaucrats have placed burdensome  regulations on adoption provider agencies. These regulations make it  nearly impossible for adoption-providing agencies to maintain  accreditation.   This has been done by design, and the results are devastating. In the  last year and a half, more than 30 adoption-providing agencies have  left the intercountry adoption space, and we are losing more agencies  every month. The bias of our Federal Government's State Department  against intercountry adoptions is unmistakable.   In 2018, for example, the Department directly intervened to prevent  three well-respected adoption agencies from being reaccredited. A  Federal judge dismissed the Department's reasoning as ``quite  unconvincing'' and ``simply illogical.'' That is what a Federal judge  had to say about the reasoning of this little part of the State  Department that seems determined to end foreign adoptions.   During that same year, 2018, a journalist quoted a State Department  insider who confirmed that the Office of Children's Issues, the OCI, in  the State Department is biased against intercountry adoption. Why they  would take this position is beyond me. Adoption advocates followed up  by requesting Freedom of Information Act documents about this claim by  the journalist who quoted the State Department insider, but the  Department of State has resisted this Freedom of Information Act  request and has still yet to produce any documents 2 years after the  statutory FOIA deadline has passed.   There are plenty more examples. Last year, the State Department  hosted an adoption symposium that may as well have been called the  international anti-adoption symposium. This is funded at our State  Department by our own taxpayer dollars. Our own tax funds funded a  conference that featured radically anti-adoption speakers who openly  denounced the practice of international adoptions. It is hard to  believe, and it is hard to imagine a worse use of taxpayer dollars.   The adoption community has voiced concerns about the State  Department's anti-adoption bias, but it seems that government has not  listened. I will say that this has been a problem in State Departments  headed by Republican Secretaries and by Democratic Secretaries. When  adoption providers privately shared their concerns about the  accrediting agency, the Department responded by issuing a public letter  threatening the future of intercountry adoption.   The Office of Children's Issues, OCI, is slamming the door in the  faces of thousands of orphans who need a family, and they are saying no  to willing  [[Page S5433]]  American couples who are pleading to give these international children  a forever family here in our great country.   It seems that OCI's priorities are out of step with their statutory  mandate. Also, they are out of step with the values of this country and  basic morality. We need to change the policy of the State Department in  this regard, I say to my colleagues.   I call on my colleagues on the Foreign Relations Committee to hold an  oversight hearing to review the State Department's role in intercountry  adoption, to examine the allegations of bias against intercountry  adoption, and to hear from accrediting agencies and other stakeholders  about their experiences in working with the Department of State and its  accrediting entity. I think such a hearing would be revealing, and I  think the results would be troubling to Members of the Congress.   I also call on the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations to  investigate allegations raised against the U.S. accrediting entity in  the State Department's Office of Children's Issues.   It is time, actually, to transition the U.S. central authority from  the Department of State to a more receptive, more compassionate, and  more understanding home, such as the Department of Health and Human  Services. This would allow experienced child welfare professionals to  oversee intercountry adoptions.   We have a great Secretary of State. I have known Mike Pompeo for  years. I think he has got all he can preside over, and I don't for a  minute think that the Secretary of State understands what this small  entity in his State Department is doing. I think he must have no idea  that this is going on, but I think the solution is to move this  function from the State Department.   I would call on the Secretary of State to put a hold on planned  changes down in this little agency populated by unelected bureaucrats  who are hostile to adoption. I think we should put a hold on planned  changes in the accreditation compliance system until there has been a  full review of OCI's bias against adoption. The competence of their  staff needs to be investigated, and we need to look, we need to give an  open assessment, shining the light of day on the impact that this small  group of bureaucrats is having on something that I think most Americans  support.   The American people believe in adoption. They believe in giving  orphans anywhere in the world an opportunity to have a forever family.  They believe in giving couples here in the United States the  opportunity to provide a home for these children who are less fortunate  than most of us have been, most of us within the sound of my voice have  been. I think the American people believe in a change in this  inexplicably anti-American and anti-family policy.   Today, I am on the floor of the U.S. Senate to shine a light on this  tragedy, on this outrage. I ask my colleagues to remember the teaching  of the Psalmist: ``Give justice to the weak and the fatherless;  maintain the right of the afflicted and the destitute.''   I think Americans believe in the sentiments of the Psalmist in that  regard. I think we are ready to heed the plight of the fatherless.  Let's not neglect our duty in correcting the situation we find  ourselves in and, once again, becoming the country that provides  welcoming, loving outreach to children to be part of a forever American  family.   I yield the floor.   