 Madam President, reserving the right to object, we  should all be very, very clear. The working class of this country today  faces more economic desperation than at any time since the Great  Depression of the 1930s, and working families need help now--not next  year but right now.   Last night, the House of Representatives, with a two-thirds  majority--275 to 134, a two-thirds bipartisan vote--moved to increase  the direct payment going to working families from $600 per adult to  $2,000 per adult. The House did the right thing; I congratulate them.  Now it is time for the Senate to step up to the plate and do what the  working families of this country overwhelmingly want us to do.   Madam President, as a result of the pandemic, tens of millions of  Americans have lost their jobs and their incomes. These families, in  the middle of the winter, now face the threat of eviction and the  possibility of being thrown out in the streets. Hunger in America is at  the highest level that it has been for decades, with moms and dads  struggling to feed their kids and working families lining up mile after  mile to get emergency food packages. We are even seeing an increase in  grocery store shoplifting as desperate Americans try to keep their  families from going hungry. All of this is taking place in the  wealthiest country in the history of the world.   Over the last number of years, as I think everybody in America knows,  Congress has provided massive tax breaks for the very wealthiest people  in our country, which is one of the reasons why today we have more  income and wealth inequality than any time since the 1920s. In fact, in  the midst of this pandemic, this terrible pandemic, inequality has  grown worse, with many in the billionaire class seeing their wealth  increase by hundreds of billions of dollars while average Americans  struggle to put food on the table.   Congress has given huge tax breaks to large corporations so that some  of the most profitable and largest corporations in America today pay  zero in Federal income taxes.   We have just passed the largest military budget in the history of our  country--$740 billion, more than the next 10 nations combined. By the  way, there was almost no debate about the size of that huge budget.  Trump's veto dealt with other issues.   Meanwhile, over half a million Americans are homeless, half of our  working families are struggling to survive paycheck to paycheck, and in  the midst of  [[Page S7958]]  this terrible, unprecedented pandemic, over 90 million Americans are  uninsured or underinsured. In the midst of a pandemic, they are not  sure whether they can afford to go to a doctor.   We are coming to the close of one of the most terrible and painful  years in American history. That is a tragic fact. Over 330,000 of our  people have died of COVID-19, and, as we speak, we are seeing  recordbreaking numbers of new cases, and hospitals around the country  are being overwhelmed with new admissions.   During the last year, the education and well-being of tens of  millions of our young people, from childcare to graduate school, has  been disrupted. The terrible emotional isolation this pandemic has  caused, where people are unable to spend time with their families and  friends, has resulted in a huge increase in mental illness, drug  addiction, and even suicide.   As I mentioned, the House has done the right thing. By an  overwhelming vote, Democrats and Republicans voted to increase that  $600 direct payment to $2,000. A recent poll came out, and 78 percent  of the American people think that was the right decision. They are  hurting. They want help. The leaders of our country--President Trump,  President-Elect Biden, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, the Speaker of  the House, Nancy Pelosi--are all in agreement: We have to raise that  direct payment to $2,000.   So that is where we are right now in this historic moment. Do we turn  our backs on struggling working families, or do we respond to their  pain   So, Madam President, would the Senator modify his request that  immediately following the vote on the veto override, the Senate proceed  to the consideration of H.R. 9051; that the bill be considered read a  third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no  intervening action or debate; further, that, if passed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table?    I object.   