 Madam President, I want to thank from my heart our  two colleagues from Oregon who are standing up and championing not just  their hometowns, not just the constituents of their State, but they are  speaking for every hometown and every citizen of our country from every  party, from every corner of our great Nation.   Let me just say very simply, these pictures of heavily armed,  unidentified individuals in camouflage fatigues driving unmarked  vehicles, grabbing individuals and throwing them into their car, would  be something we would associate with the worst nightmare of a two-bit  dictatorship. Here we see it in the United States of America.   I spent almost my whole career in law enforcement before I came to  this body, and I am embarrassed and ashamed that this kind of sadistic,  cruel, hate-filled coup was done in the name of law enforcement. What  we witnessed in Oregon was in no way law enforcement. It was a  violation of the law and of individual rights, and it is coming to your  hometown as well. The President has specifically named Chicago,  Philadelphia, Detroit, Baltimore, and Oakland. It will come to Hartford  and my hometown Stanford and other cities in Connecticut. Have no fear,  if the President will go to these abusive extremes on the other coast  of America, he will come to the east coast as well.   Let me just state the requirements of this amendment: identification  of each officer, limiting Federal agents to their proper role in  protecting Federal property, transparency and deployment of these  officers, identification of them, and accountability are basic tenets  of law enforcement.   We should not have to address this issue on the floor of the U.S.  Senate, and we are doing it only because the President has broken the  norms. He has disrespected the law. Every Senator in this body,  regardless of party, should be standing up and speaking out in support  of this amendment. I thank my colleague for speaking our truth to  power.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.   