 Mr. President, let me be very honest and tell you that  there is much in this bill--and we have not yet seen the printout yet-- that I am concerned about. I am especially concerned that the  administration will be able to spend $500 billion in virtually any way  they want--any corporation they want--with virtually no strings  attached.   The American people, at a time of massive income and wealth and  inequality, do not want more corporate welfare, and they do not want  policies that will allow corporations in some cases to receive loans or  grants and then do stock buybacks to enrich their stockholders, provide  dividends, or maybe raise the compensation benefits of their already  wealthy CEOs.   What the American people want right now is for us to use our taxpayer  dollars in every way we can to protect the working families of this  country, to protect the middle class, to protect the 50 percent of our  people who are living paycheck to paycheck.   As we speak tonight, half of our people in this country--in the  richest country in the history of the world--are living paycheck to  paycheck. They wake up in the morning, and they are saying: Do you know  what? I can barely make it on the paycheck I got because I am making  12, 13, 14 bucks an hour, and now that paycheck has stopped. How am I  going to pay my rent? How am I going to put food on the table for my  kids? How am I going to make sure the lights remain on? How am I going  to pay my student debt? How am I going to pay my credit card debt? If  somebody in the family gets sick, how am I going to pay for that?   This bill has been worked on extensively in the last few days. There  are elements in it that, in my view, are positive--don't go far enough  by any means--but one of the things this bill does do is provide the  largest expansion of unemployment benefits in history, expending about  $250 billion of Federal funds. What it does, importantly, is the bill  understands that for all kinds of absurd reasons having to do with the  Republican attacks on workers for many years, fewer than 50 percent of  American workers today are eligible for unemployment benefits.   What this bill does, rightly so, is say that in the midst of this  terrible economic crisis where some people--nobody knows--where some  economists are estimating that by June, the end of next quarter,  unemployment could be 20 percent or 30 percent--and what this bill does  say is that whether or not you are eligible for unemployment today, you  are going to get unemployment compensation. And that means many of the  gig workers--people who drive Uber cars--many of the waitresses and  waiters who make starvation minimum wages, many so-called independent  contractors will be eligible for the extended unemployment benefits.  And that is exactly the right thing.   The other thing this bill does, which is right, is say: OK, we are in  the midst of a horrific crisis, unprecedented in modern American  history. Not only are you going to get your regular unemployment  benefits, we are going to add another $600 a week to it.   And now I find that some of my Republican colleagues are very  distressed. They are very upset that somebody who is making 10, 12  bucks an hour might end up with a paycheck for 4 months that is more  than they received last week. Oh, my God, the universe is collapsing.  Imagine that. Somebody who is making 12 bucks an hour now faces, like  the rest of us, an unprecedented economic crisis and, with the 600  bucks on top of their regular unemployment check, might be making a few  bucks more for 4 months. Oh, my word, will the universe survive? How  absurd and wrong is that? What kind of value system is that?   Meanwhile, these very same folks had no problem a couple of years ago  voting for $1 trillion in tax breaks for billionaires and large,  profitable corporations--not a problem. But when it comes to low-income  workers in the midst of a terrible crisis, maybe some of them earning  or having more money than they previously made--oh, my word, we have to  strip that out.   By the way, when the McConnell bill first came up, unbelievably--and  I know many Republicans objected to this--they were saying that we want  to give--whatever it was--1,000 or 1,200 bucks, but poor people should  get less. You said: Because poor people are down here, they don't  deserve--they don't eat; they don't pay rent; they don't go to the  doctor; they are somehow inferior. Because they are poor, we are going  to give them less. That was addressed. Now everybody is going to get  the $1,200.   Some of my Republican friends have not given up the need to punish  the poor and working people. You haven't raised the minimum wage in 10  years. Minimum wage should be at least 15 bucks an hour. You haven't  done that. You have cut program after program after program, and now-- horror of horrors--for 4 months, workers might be earning a few bucks  more than they otherwise would.   Needless to say, this is an amendment that is coming up, but I don't  think it is going to go very far. If it  [[Page S2053]]  does go far, I will introduce an amendment to deal with the corporate  welfare--the $500 billion in corporate welfare--which is, to me, a very  serious problem. But I do not think they are going to get the 60 votes,  and that will be the end of it.   This bill also includes some $250 billion in one-time checks of  $1,200 for adults and $500 for kids. I have a couple of concerns there.  No. 1, I believe that in the midst of this unprecedented crisis we  should make this a monthly benefit, not a one-time benefit. Depending  on what happens--and I expect very much that this Congress will be  reconvening because I think this coronavirus 3--the bill we are on  right now--is going to be superseded by coronavirus 4. My strong guess  is this does not go far enough. But the bill does include a $1,200  check for adults, $500 for kids. That will in the short term. We have  to do a lot better than that.   As many of you know, in countries around the world--UK, Denmark,  other countries--the approach they are taking, which makes sense to me,  is to basically say to employers: If you keep your workers on the job,  even if they are not working right now, we will pay. The UK pays 80  percent of their salary; other countries are a bit higher. I think that  is the direction we should have gone. This is a little bit more  convoluted. What we do here is give $367 billion in loans to small  businesses, and those loans could be forgiven if those small businesses  don't lay off workers. I think, for a variety of reasons, that is  exactly the right thing to do.    The goal right now is to stabilize the economy by telling workers  that they will have their jobs when they come back, when this thing is  over, and in the meantime, they will have all or most of their income.  That is my preferred approach.   This bill provides $150 billion to States and cities. I can tell you  that in Vermont--and I am sure in every other State in this country,  States and cities are hurting because we all know there has been a  major decline in tax revenue. That is an important thing do.   By the way, in the midst of this crisis, a lot of the responsibility  is going to fall on local and State government. One of the concerns, of  many, that I have about this bill is that in the best of times, this  bill requires an enormous amount of work by the Federal, State, and  local governments. How do you get all these unemployment checks out?  How do you deal with all of these small businesses that may apply for  these loans? This is hard stuff. It becomes even more difficult when so  many workers who work for local and State governments are not coming  into work because of the coronavirus.   One of the issues we are going to have to focus on big time is the  implementation. If anyone thinks, just passing this bill, that tomorrow  everything is going to flow smoothly, you are sadly mistaken. This is a  complicated, multifaceted bill, and it is going to take an enormous  amount of work to make sure that the money goes where it should go in a  cost-effective way.   This bill does a lot of other things, as well, that I think will help  the American economy.   To conclude, this is not the bill I would have written. Frankly, I  don't think it is the bill most Americans would have written. I think  most Americans are very apprehensive that one-quarter of this bill is  going to go to large corporations with very little accountability.   In a political season, let me make the radical suggestion that we  have a President of the United States who may end up targeting some of  this money to States that he needs to win.   This bill has some good things. It has some issues of real concern.  One thing we must not do is to punish low-income workers who might get  a few bucks more than they had previously earned.    No, not permanently but during the crisis, yes.   