 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 3 days ago, I came to the floor and spoke  in honor of the life of Tyler Herndon, a Mount Holly, NC, police  officer who lost his life just days before his 26th birthday last week.  He was laid to rest this week.   Now 5 days after his murder and 3 days after my remarks, I am  devastated to report that another officer in North Carolina has lost  his life in the line of duty. Wednesday night, the Concord Police  Department received a call about a crashed, abandoned car on I-85 just  outside of Charlotte. Responding officers were alerted that the suspect  had attempted to steal a woman's car while she was still in it.   Officers Jason Shuping and Kaleb Robinson tracked and identified the  suspect on foot. As they approached the suspect, he pulled out a  handgun,  [[Page S7686]]  and he shot both of these brave officers. Tragically, Officer Shuping  died at the scene. Thankfully, Officer Robinson is recovering at the  hospital. Officer Shuping was just 25 years old--the same age as the  officer we memorialized this week, Tyler Herndon.   I am just devastated by this. These brave officers had begun their  careers in law enforcement and had nowhere to go but up. They were  serving our community, and they were doing it with honor.   We talk a lot about the sacrifice given by law enforcement officers  who day in and day out are serving our communities and putting  themselves in harm's way, and it is dispiriting to think that these  fallen officers, at the very beginning of their careers, have already  made the ultimate sacrifice in the name of public safety and community  safety.   Families in North Carolina and in each of our States are about to  endure their first Christmas without their loved ones. We owe so much  to these families whose parents, spouses, siblings, children, and  grandchildren have given everything in the line of duty.   On Tuesday, when I spoke on Officer Herndon, I said that in the next  Congress, I would be moving forward with the Protect and Serve Act  again. This act increases penalties for people who murder or assault  police officers. But in light of another police officer's death--the  second one in a week in North Carolina, in the suburbs, just around the  corner from where I live, 10 or 15 minutes away--I think we have to  elevate the discussion now and send a very clear message to those who  would harm police officers that if you do, then there are going to be  dire consequences to pay for it. We owe it to the police officers to  let them know that Congress cares about them. We should send this  message.   This is a simple bill. It only focuses on those who are so brazen  that they would murder a police officer in the line of duty, assault  them, ambush them--all the things you have seen; now 48 murders in this  year alone.   The best thing we can do is to pass this commonsense legislation and  send a message to these people who are taking away the men and women  serving our communities.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration  of S. 4605 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration;  further, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I am obviously disappointed in the  objection from my friend and colleague from Illinois, but I do believe  that we have to start recognizing that something bad is happening--48  murders, hundreds of assaults, ambushes, premeditated attacks.   I do understand the idea that maybe you could prosecute it through  existing law, your Federal or State law, but we have an epidemic of  ``abolish the police, defund the police,'' marginalizing the police,  that suggests to me that even if there are pathways now to properly  prosecute these brazen criminals, we have to cut through some of the  rhetoric that, honestly, I believe is the responsibility for some of  these unprecedented numbers of murders and assaults.   So although I am disappointed with the objection today, I look  forward to working with my colleague on the Judiciary and others to do  everything we can to pass the Protect and Serve Act and to send a very  clear message to these increasingly less safe communities and more  threatened law enforcement officers that we are going to do everything  we can to make our communities safe and to make a police officer's job  as safe as it can be.   Thank you.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   