 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senators  Cantwell, Blunt, Romney, Schumer, and I be able to complete our remarks  before the next vote.    Mr. President, I don't want to prolong this discussion  except to make one additional point about the unselfishness and  humility of this hero of the Senate, whose remarks we will long  remember today.   There is a framed piece of legislation that hangs on the wall in my  conference room in the Dirksen Building. It is, in fact, a piece of  legislation that Senator Alexander chose to mention as one of his  signature accomplishments, and that is the American History and Civics  Education Act, which was signed into law by President George W. Bush.  There is a story about how I came to have that piece of legislation,  which Senator Alexander worked so hard on, on the wall in my conference  room.   I live in North Mississippi, and, as such, I listen to Memphis  television a lot. During Lamar Alexander's first race for Senator, on  came a commercial, and, basically, it said just what our friend from  Texas just quoted--that this candidate for Senator, former Governor  Lamar Alexander, wanted to pass an American civics education bill to  teach our children what it means to be an American. I stopped at that  moment, and I pointed to that television screen, and I said: If that  man gets elected, I want to be part of that bill because that is  exactly what we need.   So Senator Alexander introduced the bill here in the Senate. I  introduced it in the House of Representatives. We made public  appearances together, one in Memphis, TN, that I will always remember.  Eventually, the bill gained a lot of support over here, and Senator  Kennedy, as has been mentioned, was someone at the forefront of that  effort.   We were able to pass it in the House. It went to conference to iron  out the details, and a decision had to be made as to which one would  actually be enacted by both Houses and go to the President for his  signature.   Lamar Alexander allowed the piece of legislation introduced by a  relatively junior Member of the House named Roger Wicker to be that  piece of legislation that went on to the White House, to the Oval  Office, to be signed by the President of the United States.   So that is how that piece of legislation hangs on my wall as a bill  authored by Representative Roger Wicker but passed very much with the  efforts of Senator Alexander also.   I just wanted to mention that, not to prolong this discussion but to  mention that act of selflessness and humility as another attribute of  this great Senator to whom we say farewell today.   I think the remarks we heard from Senator Alexander will be taught at  civics classes and college-level government classes for decades and  decades to come. It was so profound, and it is a real honor that a  piece of legislation that he and I worked on together will always be a  part of what I consider to be those immortal remarks.   So I thank you very much.   I yield the floor.   