 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 575, a resolution  to encourage all stakeholders involved in the deployment of 5G  communications technology to adhere to the Prague Proposals.   The Prague Proposals resulted from the Prague 5G Security Conference  earlier last year, where representatives from 32 countries met to  discuss concerns about equipment supplied by certain vendors that pose  a threat to national security. With 5G poised to support an array of  critical functions and services over the next decade, it is imperative  that we ensure the equipment used to build these networks is secure.   By encouraging all stakeholders at home and abroad to abide by these  principles, we are sending a strong message that we are taking the  security of our networks seriously.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Flores), and I applaud him on his hard work on this  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close.   Madam Speaker, from the comments that we have heard on the floor  today, it is so important that we pass this piece of legislation. It is  a good piece of bipartisan legislation, and I urge its support from  this House.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2881, the Secure 5G  and Beyond Act of 2020.   In today's digital age, we rely on our communications networks for  everything from grocery shopping to applying for jobs. In the past  decade, we have upgraded from 2G to 4G and are now in the process of  entering the fifth generation of communications networks to accommodate  Americans' demand for access.   Making a simple transaction online is second nature for many  Americans, and we expect the network on which the information is  transmitted to be secure. The legislation before us is a step forward  in enhancing network security.   It requires the President, in consultation with appropriate Federal  agencies, to develop a strategy to ensure the security of 5G and future  generations of telecommunications systems and infrastructure.   The administration must also identify potential security threats or  vulnerabilities and promote responsible international development in  deployment of networks.   Lastly, the bill requires a strategy implementation plan and charges  the National Telecommunications and Information Administration to carry  it out.   It is essential that the administration continues to take steps to  secure our networks, and this bill provides direction to do just that.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this piece of  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Utah (Mr. Curtis).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Again, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Michael F. Doyle), the chairman of the subcommittee, for making sure  this bill came to the floor today, because we have to win this race for  5G as a Nation, because we have to make sure that it helps every  segment of our society.   The legislation is going to help us develop a strategy to ensure the  security of 5G and future generations of telecommunication systems and  infrastructure. And we also must identify potential security threats  for vulnerabilities and promote responsible international development  and deployment of networks. So I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4500, the Promoting  United States Wireless Leadership Act of 2019.  [[Page H48]]    Our communications networks are critically important assets for  facilitating domestic and international commerce.   For decades, the U.S. has led the development of wireless technology  with like-minded nations. With the deployment of the next-generation  wireless technology, 5G, expected to skyrocket in 2020, we must  continue to focus on bolstering foundational elements to make sure the  United States continues to lead on future advancements.   As these standards are set in global, industry-led standards bodies,  we must enhance participation by U.S. companies and remain vigilant  that bad actors don't game the system for their own economic and  national security interests. To keep accountability and ensure proper  transparency, we must encourage participation by trusted parties.   The National Telecommunications and Information Administration plays  a central role in these efforts as the executive branch agency with  technical experience. They have decades of expertise working with  industry and other stakeholders to develop these technical standards  globally. I would like to thank the dedicated career staff who work  tirelessly to advance U.S. global wireless leadership.   As we move into the next decade, it is vital that we continue to  enhance participation in critical standards-setting bodies and preserve  U.S. wireless leadership.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Indiana (Mrs. Brooks) and I thank her very much for her work on this  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg), and I thank him also for his hard work on this  legislation.     Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Carter).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   It is absolutely important that the United States develop these  standards so that we can stay at the top of 5G deployment. As I  mentioned in the earlier bill, we want to make sure that 5G is out  there to support everyone across the United States. Because of that, we  have to make sure that we have these standards in place.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   