 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North  Carolina.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.J. Res. 76, certainly  not because I want to defraud students, certainly not because I want to  protect scam education institutions--not at all.   The Department of Education released an updated and improved borrower  defense rule last year for all the opposite reasons, to, in fact,  protect students and protect quality education and promote that but  also to protect the taxpayer. It did all of the above.   I think we need to keep that in mind and not just spend our time on  messaging. We want to have results that produce quality education  opportunities for the future.   The 2016 Obama administration rule was a broad, sweeping, reactionary  measure, sadly, to an issue that requires a more nuanced solution that  will have results.   Defrauded students who have been financially harmed deserve relief,  absolutely. The Department's 2019 rule establishes a fair process in  which these students will get the relief they deserve.   A point of personal privilege, Mr. Speaker. I hearken back to the  hearing we had with Secretary DeVos. I was embarrassed for the first  time, really, in the many years I have been on this committee to hear  someone who has spent her adult life promoting education maligned in  that way. I would challenge any of our committee members, myself  included, to exhibit the number of years, talent, and treasure put  toward enhancing opportunities for schools and education, and, by the  way, the students and success that we have seen. I think that the  success that the President saw in this Secretary of Education was why  she was put there.   This rule that is in place right now, which we are debating today to  try to  [[Page H307]]  change, is a rule that will enhance education as well as protect the  taxpayers.   When Secretary DeVos was before our committee last month, she  explained how the Department is also taking proactive measures to  prevent fraud from occurring through more transparency for students on  the College Scorecard.   Under the 2019 rule, predatory schools were held accountable for  misrepresentations leading to financial harm to students. This rule  also lays out a transparent framework that guarantees the process while  establishing a proportional connection between financial harm and the  amount awarded.   Hard-earned taxpayer dollars should be used responsibly. I think we  will all agree to that. This 2019 rule respects the taxpayer while also  allowing appropriate relief for defrauded students and setting an  example for institutions that we will not accept what has gone on.   Mr. Speaker, I end by saying this: I urge my colleagues to vote  ``no'' today to keep a responsible system that protects defrauded  students.   