 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.  I will talk about what I view as a massive confusion in this bill.   We have heard arguments this morning, already, that States are  regulating this, and I believe, ultimately, that is where this  regulation, domestically, should be: within the States.   Mr. Speaker, this bill ostensibly deregulating cannabis imposes a  Federal tax, Federal agencies, Federal oversight. You are not de- federalizing marijuana; you are just changing the regulatory structure  in which you control marijuana. That is interesting to me, and I find  it very disingenuous in some ways.   Mr. Speaker, what it also does is it obviates Congress'  constitutional obligation to manage or oversee interstate commerce.  That is what this bill does. It obviates that, while you are throwing a  Federal tax on all these folks.   That is a bit of a problem, but it goes to an enhanced problem. As  long as we have the massive and growing social welfare state that we  have today, we will incur whatever detriment comes from the  criminalization, nationally, of marijuana.   We must, in my opinion, have a serious discussion on this and not a  congeries, a bill that is a congeries, a mishmash of ideas and hopes  instead of data-driven science.   As the gentleman from North Carolina just iterated to us, it is a  problem. If you have prosecuted or defended--and I did both, and I  defended for many years. My specialty, the area that I focused on, was  drunk and drug driving cases. It is a problem, and it is exacerbated by  the decriminalization and legitimization of marijuana use in the  States.   This bill does not address that appropriately. This bill does not do  anything more than provide a different mishmash of Federal laws over  marijuana regulation.   I am hoping for a serious dialogue sometime about an issue.   Mr. Speaker, I have to just close by saying this. When I heard  someone say that all the States that have passed this have done so  overwhelmingly, Arizona rejected it three times before barely passing  it this time--barely passing it this time--and that is an election that  is being contested even right now in the courts.   