 Madam President, in reserving the right to  object, I appreciate we all want to help Americans get the healthcare  they need, but what my colleagues are proposing is a Federal bailout  that will help a handful of States but do little to directly help  patients. That is not fair to Americans across the Nation who need  better access to affordable healthcare.   We have seen that a government takeover of healthcare does not work.  ObamaCare was sold on a lie, plain and simple. Let's remember, when  ObamaCare passed, they promised it would save $2,500 per family. Not  true. Costs and premiums went up. They promised that you could keep  your doctor. Not true. Provider networks got narrower, and people lost  their doctors. They promised, if you liked your plan, you could keep  it. Again, this was not true. The promise of ObamaCare didn't happen.  Actually, the opposite happened. Under ObamaCare, costs skyrocketed,  and families lost the doctors they liked.   The American people don't want more lies. Actually, they want more  solutions. The solution is not to create more inequity in the system.  What we need is to take concrete steps to make sure we help all  families across the Nation actually get the healthcare they need. My  colleague's bill does nothing to help patients. States will make their  own decisions on Medicaid. Giving certain States free Medicaid is  nothing more than a bailout for State budgets.   In June, I wrote to all 50 Governors and requested information on how  their States have allocated the trillions of dollars in taxpayer  funding from the Federal coronavirus response measures that had been  passed by Congress. Unfortunately, a majority of the States simply  chose not to respond, including Virginia and Alabama.   The Federal Government already allocated $1 trillion to States and  local governments to respond to the coronavirus, but these States are  refusing to tell us how they are spending these extra funds, including  the estimated extra $50 billion in Federal Medicaid dollars they  received in the Families First Act. Since the Families First Act has  passed, Medicaid costs have actually gone down, but the States don't  want to tell us that because they simply want bailouts.   Instead of pursuing a partisan bailout of a select number of States,  I want to use this opportunity to propose a commonsense solution that  would use bipartisan principles to help every single American in this  country. Though ObamaCare was a failure, I support protecting people  with preexisting conditions and ensuring that young adults can stay on  their parents' health plans until age 26. I think my colleagues would  also support these principles.   I have been working with Senator Tillis on the PROTECT Act, which  would directly assist Americans by, one, guaranteeing coverage for  preexisting conditions and prohibiting insurance companies from  excluding coverage of treatment for a patient's preexisting condition;  two, prohibiting insurance companies from charging Americans higher  premiums due to their preexisting conditions; and, three, guaranteeing  the availability of health insurance coverage in the employer or  individual market regardless of one's preexisting condition. My  amendment builds on the PROTECT Act and adds protections to allow young  adults to stay on their parents' health insurance plans until they are  26.   We could pass this amendment, which I believe has bipartisan support,  and ensure that every American with a preexisting condition is  protected no matter how the Supreme Court rules on ObamaCare.   The American people and, certainly, the people of Florida, Virginia,  and Alabama want us to get something done that would actually reduce  healthcare costs and increase access to care. That is what my proposal  does. Protecting Americans with preexisting conditions is a commonsense  step we can and should take today to lower the costs of healthcare for  all Americans. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting these  bipartisan healthcare reforms   Therefore, I ask the Senator to modify his request to include my  substitute amendment, which is at the desk; that it be considered and  agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time  and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Madam President, in reserving the right to  object, first of all, I thank my colleagues, and I hope to work with  them to figure out how we can drive healthcare costs down because, as  we know in all of our States, healthcare costs are too high, and as my  colleagues have said, we have people who are being impacted because  they can't afford the cost of healthcare.   I am clearly disappointed. My colleagues don't want to protect those  with preexisting conditions and ensure that young adults can stay on  their parents' plans until age 26 if ObamaCare is actually ruled  unconstitutional by the Supreme Court. Whether by figuring out how to  bring drug prices down or just the whole cost of healthcare, I hope  that we can figure out how to work together because the costs shouldn't  be this high.   Therefore, respectfully, I object.   