 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this  important legislation.   Every child deserves access to a quality education--every child--and,  unfortunately, that is not always the case for girls around the world.  Adolescent girls, in particular, are most at risk of dropping out of  school.   Worldwide, there are about 61 million girls between the ages of 6 and  14 who are not in school, and that is unacceptable. It is just  unacceptable.   Madam Speaker, as a Green Beret who has operated all over the world,  I have seen this up close and personal. I have seen this firsthand. I  can tell you this from my experiences: I know firsthand that, where  women thrive in business, where women thrive in civil society, in  politics, and in government, extremism doesn't. That is it. Where women  thrive in all of those places, the extremists do not.   So this isn't just an economic issue, although that is a very  important one, or a humanitarian issue. This is a national security  issue--for the United States of America, for the Western world, for the  entire world.   For me, in one of my combat tours in Afghanistan, an Afghan elder I  knew, whom I developed a relationship with throughout this tour, in  every meeting kept talking about his secret weapon, his secret weapon.  This was how we were going to defeat the Taliban and defeat the  extremists, with this secret weapon.   I finally demanded to see this secret weapon. It wasn't a missile. It  wasn't a weapon, per se, at all. It was his teenage daughters. That was  his secret weapon. What he was doing was he was sneaking them out of  Afghanistan and over to India to be trained as a lawyer and a doctor.   He pointed to them and said: Commander Mike, this is how we are going  to defeat the extremists. This is how we are going to win.   So I echo my colleagues who have mentioned the hero Malala Yousafzai.  My favorite quote from her is: ``Extremists have shown what frightens  them most: a girl with a book.''   So as a father of a young woman who is here with me today on the  floor, about to turn 16, this is personal for me. This legislation is  especially important to me. And every girl around the world, like her,  deserves the chance to attend school and access a proper education.  This legislation is a critical step in increasing these opportunities  for young women, globally.   I want to commend my colleague and fellow Floridian, Madam Speaker,  Representative Frankel, for her leadership on this issue. I also want  to thank Ivanka Trump for her leadership.   Girls' education and women's empowerment should not be a partisan  issue at all. It is an American issue. It is one of leadership, and it  is one of human rights, of basic human rights.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   