 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for his  words, and I would first like to commend Chair Velazquez and Ranking  Member Chabot for their leadership and their bipartisanship,  demonstrating that a committee like ours can do very good work. I think  our committee is an example for many others here in the House, so I  thank them for that.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5146, the Unlocking  Opportunities for Small Businesses Act, which is very important  legislation. It was found through hearings and discussions with small  businesses who wanted to be prime contractors with the government, the  committee found that small businesses were having difficulties. Because  of the criteria and so forth, the government wouldn't take into  consideration, for instance, as Mr. Chabot and the chair said, their  experience as subcontractors.   So we wanted to do something about that. And I want to thank my  friend, Mr. Evans of Pennsylvania, who helped me, and also coauthored  the bill and collaborated with us on this bill, along with my friend  from Pennsylvania, the good Dr. Joyce. I thank the gentlemen for all of  their work.   It is like the title of the bill says, we are going to unlock  opportunities for small business contractors seeking prime contracting  with the Federal Government. Unfortunately, small contractors are stuck  in a catch-22.   In order to receive a prime contract, Federal agencies require  evidence showing that the contractor is capable of doing the work, but  they will generally only accept past performance conducted as a Federal  prime contractor as proof of this experience.   Therefore, companies can't obtain prime contracts if they lack a  record of performance, but companies can't get the prior performance  experienced without winning prime contracts. So it goes around in a  circle.   For many small businesses throughout southern Minnesota and our  Nation, winning prime contracts is the key to sustained growth. Making  the leap from subcontracting or teaming with other companies to prime  contracting, as we discussed, can be exceedingly challenging due to  this dilemma.   This assessment of a contractor's capabilities, based only on their  prior experience as a prime contractor, does a great disservice to many  qualified companies who have performed vital work for the government.   The work small contractors have performed in those roles may have  great relevance to the contract as it is bid, however, they are unable  to showcase their capabilities due to the agencies' narrow focus on  prime contracting experience.   These limitations not only prevent growth for small businesses but  have a larger impact on the Federal Government's industrial base. More  and more, small businesses are taking their considerable talents to the  private sector rather than working with the Federal Government.   Past performance rules, such as this one, are way out of step with  today's economy, and they undermine the Federal Government's ability to  efficiently seek qualified and capable businesses willing and able to  work with the Federal Government.   By removing this barrier to entry for small businesses, our bill  gives them incentive to rejoin the Federal contracting community and  even persuades new businesses to enter the Federal marketplace. The  more small businesses we can attract, the more competition will  increase and we will obtain better results and outcomes for the  American taxpayer.   This bill opens up a world of prime contracting opportunities for  small contractors, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to join me in supporting H.R. 5146.   