 Madam Speaker, Qasem Soleimani, as we have discussed, many  of us have discussed here today, was a  [[Page H87]]  terrorist and a terrorist supporter, and hundreds of American troops  were killed because of him. Many of them are scarred for life.   I don't think we can overstate, in this body, how gruesome, how  advanced, how effective the explosive devices that he poured into his  militias were. They were deadly. They were manufactured in Iran. They  were put in place by Iran. They were trained by Iran. They had the  capability to completely penetrate our armored vehicles.   Soleimani worked hand in hand, in addition to this, with Assad in  Syria, a serial human rights abuser, and waged even chemical warfare on  his own people, literally killing tens of thousands. And because of  him, today, hundreds, if not thousands, of families, including Gold  Star families, just this past holiday, couldn't open up presents with  their loved ones. No longer will they celebrate birthdays or holidays  because of this one evil man.   This terrorist, because of his savage actions, I, as a former Green  Beret who operated against these thugs for years, am grateful to the  intelligence officer, as my colleague Mr. Kinzinger just mentioned, to  the members of the military who carried out this mission to prevent  more lives from being lost.   Soleimani was actively planning attacks in the coming weeks, in the  coming days, in the coming months. According to the Chairman of the  Joint Chiefs of Staff, these attacks were imminent, they were clear,  and they were a present danger for our troops, to our allies, and to  our interests.   From an oversight perspective, the President had a duty to act; and  I, for one, would be screaming from the rooftops if he had not taken  appropriate action.   So, again, Madam Speaker, I am thankful for his leadership taking  this monster out. Frankly, this should have been done a long, long time  ago, years ago, by multiple previous administrations. It astounds me  that this is up for debate.    For those of you saying actions have consequences, let me  remind you that inaction has consequences. Go to Walter Reed or  Arlington, or go visit the American contractor, as though that is some  kind of term, the American that was killed just last week. His name was  Nawres Waleed Hamid. He is from Sacramento. He is from California, and  he was just buried.   I think the answer for most Americans is this was warranted. It  certainly was for me.   I urge my colleagues to vote against the previous question and  consider this resolution.   