 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member of  the subcommittee for yielding. I thank him for his leadership. I thank  Chairman DeFazio so very, very much for his championing this  legislation. I thank my good friend,  Tom Suozzi. We have partnered  before on human rights legislation, particularly as it relates to  China. It is great to be working with him so closely again today. I  thank Ranking Member Graves. I will get to some further thank yous in a  few moments.   Madam Speaker, in late March of 2019, University of South Carolina  senior Samantha, or Sami, Josephson left a late night outing with her  friends alone because she had to work in the morning.   The extraordinarily talented student, who had recently earned a full  scholarship to Drexel University Law, ordered an Uber.   In a congested part of Columbia known as Five Points, a predator  pretending to be her Uber driver took her in his car and brutally  murdered her.   Less than 24 hours later, Sami was found in a field. The alleged  murderer, Nathaniel Rowland, was caught, jailed, and awaits trial. Last  month, a judge rightly denied bond.   Almost immediately after her death and notwithstanding their  excruciating agony over the loss of their precious daughter Sami, her  parents, Seymour and Marci, began pushing for comprehensive new  protection policies at Uber and Lyft and legislation to ensure that no  one else ever loses his or her life or gets assaulted by a rideshare  driver or a predator who pretends to be one.   They created the #WHATSMYNAME Foundation in ``honor of their daughter  to educate the world on rideshare safety. . . . Samantha may be gone,''  they write, ``but our goal for the rest of our time on Earth is to  share her story and make a lasting change.''   For over a year, especially given the pain due to the unimaginable  loss of their daughter, Seymour and Marci have been heroic, tenacious,  and extraordinarily persuasive. They have been a critically important  part of the often intense negotiations with multiple stakeholders,  including Uber and  [[Page H3926]]  Lyft, on both the substance and the text of Sami's Law.   Marci and Seymour made frequent trips to the Capitol to meet  lawmakers and staff on both sides of the aisle, including Speaker  Pelosi and Leader McCarthy, as well as Chairman DeFazio, Ranking Member  Graves, and Mr. Davis and Chairwoman Norton, all of whom welcomed them  with such compassion and empathy.   Mr. Speaker, I am especially grateful to the Speaker for her strong  personal commitment to this cause and for bringing Sami's Law to the  floor today and who, like Kevin McCarthy and others, also welcomed them  with such deep respect, with kindness, and empathy. ``How can we  help?,'' was the question I heard over and over again, and Sami's Law  is what has been produced as a result of that.   Mr. Speaker, underscoring the need for Sami's Law, in addition to the  fake Uber driver that murdered her, last year declaring that, ``We  don't believe corporate secrecy will make anyone safer,'' Uber released  its first safety report. Uber found that over a 2-year period, 2017 to  2018, the company received 5,981 allegations of serious sexual assault  in the United States, and 19 people were killed in physical assaults  during or soon after an Uber ride. They also found that data shows that  drivers report assaults at roughly the same rate as riders.   Sami's Law is designed to protect both, passengers and drivers.   Uber supports Sami's Law.   Danielle Burr, head of Uber Federal Affairs, said, ``The tragic death  of Samantha Josephson left the rideshare community heartbroken and  devastated. Passage of `Sami's Law' is another step in the ongoing work  to help improve safety on rideshare by leveraging education and  technology. We are grateful for . . . the support and the collaboration  of the Josephson Family.''   They have talked to the Uber folks, especially Danielle, over and  over and over again and really have made a really, really lasting  impression and difference.   Again underscoring the need, CNN reported last December that Lyft has  been hit with more driver rape, sexual assault allegations: ``Twenty  more people are suing Lyft over alleged sexual assault, sexual  misconduct or rape by drivers while using its service. . . . The  lawsuit comes on the heels of a similar lawsuit filed . . . on behalf  of 14 anonymous women, in addition to numerous other individual suits  that have been filed in recent months.''   Dan Katz, Senior Director, Public Policy, Lyft, said: ``The Josephson  family and Congressman Smith have worked tirelessly to champion Sami's  Law. Their determination has led to today's passage in the U.S. House  of Representatives. We have and will continue to prioritize safety  within the Lyft community.''   Mr. Speaker, Sami's Law requires each transportation network company  like Uber and Lyft to establish and implement a system that makes  available to each passenger a digital method to verify that the driver  with whom the passenger has been matched has been authorized by the TNC  prior, I say again, prior to beginning the trip.   The bill stipulates in pertinent part that ``Such a system shall  include an initial notification sent to the passenger's mobile, or  otherwise communicated to the passenger, containing verifiable  information specific to the TNC driver or TNC vehicle with which the  passenger has been matched.''   That also puts into this whole system much more accountability.  Everybody knows who is driving that car or that vehicle.   All TNC companies that wish to continue operating in the U.S. must  establish such a system within 90 days of enactment.   I note in the early days of this legislation, we discovered that we  needed to make some changes. Well, Mr. Speaker, I thank the National  Federation of the Blind, who helped craft provisions to the bill to  ensure that there was a way for a passenger to use a nonvisual  arrangement to verify the authenticity of the TNC driver.   Sami's Law not only sets minimum safety requirements for today's  technology. It also puts into effect a process for successor technology  performance standards.   It also establishes a 15-member advisory council that reports to the  Secretary of Transportation, known as SAMI's Council, comprised of  Federal agency and public stakeholders to advance safety standards in  the rideshare industry.   I was so glad when Chairman DeFazio at the hearing when we were  talking about how you could just simply go on Amazon or Wal-Mart,  anywhere, type in ``Uber signage'' or ``signage,'' and you can buy a  sign. It is an engraved invitation to a predator to act like,  particularly at or near our college campuses, in proximity to, and then  to impersonate an Uber driver.   I will never forget at the hearing after I mentioned the ease of  buying an Uber sign in my testimony, the chairman pulled out his  smartphone and then made a very, very, very good point about how easy  it is to access that signage.   Sami's Law would make that unlawful.   It also requires, a GAO report on the incidents of assault and abuse  on both passengers and drivers, and requires that the GAO also examine  the nature and specifics on background checks conducted by companies  and the various standards set by States regarding background checks.   We have got to know who is behind the wheel, and this certainly will  help to do that.   Mr. Speaker, again, I have appreciated the chairman's focus on  background checks for such a long time. This hopefully advances that  concern.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me offer my profound gratitude to the  professional staff. We all know how important they are. They really  make a huge difference. They sweat the details, work on text.   Mr. Speaker, let me begin. And this is not totally inclusive. I may  have left somebody out, and I apologize. I thank Robert Edmonson, chief  of staff to the Speaker; Emily Domenech and Will Durham, Republican  Leader McCarthy's office; Helen Zyblikewycz, who is staff director, T&I  Subcommittee on Transit and Highways; Michael Falencki, staff director  of the minority side. I thank Brady Young, Office of Legislative  Counsel, for his expert drafting and frequent redrafting of the text  and insights he provided; Kelsey Griswold from my office; and my very,  distinguished chief of staff, Mary McDermott Noonan.   Let's hope, God willing, this is on the President's desk ASAP.   