 Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith)  for their work in this area.   Mr. Speaker, there was a time not long ago when   Steve King at the  Conservative Opportunity Society had a young lady named Ramona Trevino  who came and spoke to us. An extraordinary woman, she was top in her  class, as I recall, and became pregnant at 16. She was encouraged by  some to abort the child, but she didn't. She didn't go on to college,  and eventually, there was an opening for director at a Planned  Parenthood facility in Sherman, Texas, for which she would apply.   She was thrilled when she had the chance to be director. But she had  that daughter who meant and means so much to her, and she was surprised  at the monthly meetings that the thing that was pushed most was not to  get the number of abortions up, but if they would push taking birth  control pills to the younger girls, then that would ensure that they  would have revenue up from abortions, that the key was getting birth  control pills to the youngest girls. They were more likely to miss days  and get pregnant, and they would come back in for an abortion.   That was the way they were trained. They were trained to encourage  the young girls that came in: We will keep this between us. Your mom  can't be trusted, but we can. We will keep your secrets, and you can  have a very open lifestyle and enjoy yourself. If there are problems,  you come back to me. You don't have to tell your parents.   That is so destructive to the family. It is destructive to the  mother-child relationship. It has led to the millions of abortions that  have been performed, as sanctioned by Planned Parenthood.   One other thing I have to mention that struck me so harshly, in the  Committee on the Judiciary, we had a doctor that did late-term  abortion. He said he did over a thousand of them and never thought  about it. The mom's cervix was not dilated so for a late-term  abortion--and he was very graphic about the manner in which you went  in.   You would find something that seemed linear, and it was either an arm  or a leg. You had to pull it off. Once you had done that four times,  you had to feel for something bulbous, he said, and then that had to be  crushed. Then, you could remove the child.   After his daughter was tragically killed in an accident, he couldn't  do it anymore. The thought of pulling a little child apart was more  than he could bear.  [[Page H289]]    Mr. Speaker, it ought to be more than Americans could bear, coming  between a mother and daughter, the mother who wants the best for her  child. It should be unthinkable for a loving, caring, nonabusive  mother. That ought to be unthinkable, but that is what is going on.  That is what Roe v. Wade has led to.   You may say: Well, you are just a guy. What do you know?   I have defended what some people said were indefensible people, and  it is an honor to stand up and defend a child that can't speak.   