 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in a few moments, we are going to be  voting on a series of nominations to the Federal Election Commission,  one of which is of personal interest to me. It is the nomination of  Sean Cooksey to be a Commissioner of that body.   I know Sean personally because I have had the great privilege of  working with Sean for the last 2 years while he has served as the  general counsel in my office. Sean is a native Missourian. He comes  from the eastern part of the State, just north of St. Louis. He is a  proud graduate of Truman State University in the State of Missouri. He  comes from a working family there in the State, and his family still  lives there.   Sean has rendered exceptional service to me this last year and a  half. In fact, when I came to the Senate not even 2 years ago, I have  to say Sean had more experience than I did, having served in this body  for several years before in the office--on the staff of Senator Ted  Cruz of Texas.   Sean has done absolutely outstanding work in the last year and a half  in my office helping us pass important legislation, including my first  bill signed into law in the Senate, the Supporting and Treating  Officers in Crisis Act. This is a law that will direct new funding to  police officers and other law enforcement all across the State of  Missouri and across the Nation to get the help and support they need  when they are exposed to violence, when they are exposed to situations  that require followup help, counseling. It gets them the resources  especially in small and local police departments in rural areas, like  those across my State. Sean was instrumental in drafting this  legislation and in getting it passed. It was a proud day almost a year  and a half ago when President Trump signed that bill into law.   This is just one example of the outstanding service Sean has rendered  not just to my office but to the people of Missouri and not just to the  people of Missouri but to the people of the United States. That is why,  while I am sorry to see Sean go on a personal level, I am absolutely  delighted for the country because my loss is going to be the gain of  the United States of America.   I want to congratulate Sean on this nomination and what I think will  soon be his confirmation in just a few moment's time.   I want to congratulate his family. I know this is a very proud day  for them. I believe Sean will be the youngest member of the Federal  Election Commission, maybe in the history of this body. I can't think  of anyone more deserving. I know that he will render distinguished  service to the country in this capacity.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   