 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman  from Maryland, the Honorable Kweisi Mfume, be permitted to take the  oath of office today.   His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest  and no question has been raised with regard to his election.    Madam Speaker, all of us, of course, were deeply saddened  by the passing of our friend, Elijah Cummings, last year. He was a  giant of moral strength and unquestioned integrity.   In his 24 years in office, Elijah built a reputation for legislative  skill, excellence in constituent service, an unyielding energy for  rooting out corruption in government, and fighting tirelessly for  justice, equality, and opportunity. He served his constituents in  Maryland's Seventh Congressional District well. And today, Madam  Speaker, they are sending someone to take his place whom I believe is  an excellent choice.   As the dean of the Maryland Congressional delegation, it is my honor  today to welcome the House's newest Member, Representative Kweisi  Mfume.   However, he is not new to the House. He is a veteran of this body, a  skilled and experienced legislator, who represented Maryland's Seventh  District from 1987 to 1996. When he left to become the national  president of the NAACP, Elijah Cummings was chosen to succeed him.   Now, as we continue to mourn Elijah's passing, we welcome  Representative Mfume back to his old seat to carry on the work that he  and Elijah have both been engaged in for many, many years.   The voters of the Seventh District, to their credit, replaced great  intellect with great intellect, a passion for justice, equality, and  opportunity, with a successor who mirrors and shares that passion and  history of commitment.   Their shared work has been to ensure that the promise of America is  kept for all Americans equally, regardless of race or faith or gender  or sexual orientation or national origin; to break down disparities in  justice and access to opportunity; to address the tragic and  unacceptable disparities in access to quality, affordable healthcare,  which the COVID-19 tragedy has made so starkly evident; to make certain  that every child in this country can go to a good, safe public school  and receive a quality education that leads to a rewarding career.   That is what Representative Mfume fought for as a member of the  Baltimore City Council and as a Member of this House. It is what he  worked hard to achieve as a former chairman of the Congressional Black  Caucus and as the NAACP national president.   I speak on behalf of our delegation, but all who served with him here  in the Congress of the United States, we are pleased that he is back  with us. And I know that those who were not Members when he last served  will find him to be a wonderful colleague, a man of wisdom,  thoughtfulness, depth, and whose experience can help guide this House  and our majority as we navigate challenges both longstanding and new.   I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in congratulating  Representative Mfume on his election to represent Maryland's Seventh  Congressional District once more and in welcoming him back to the  House.   I am now honored, Madam Speaker, to yield to my friend of  longstanding, my colleague, and my fellow Marylander, Kweisi Mfume.   