 The cars we drive, the planes we fly, and the smartphones  we have in our pockets are all powered by computer chips--or  semiconductors--a technology that is key to modern society and that may  determine whether America or China leads the world in the decades to  come.   Computer chips were, of course, pioneered in America. Cold War-era  initiatives like the Apollo Program, DARPA, and SEMATECH created the  breakthroughs and steady demand for this high-tech industry. Storied  American companies like Intel, IBM, Texas Instruments, Micron, and  others commercialized and then perfected this technology. Brilliant  American entrepreneurs and engineers kick-started the digital  revolution that shaped the modern world. That was then. Today, sadly,  most semiconductors are not made in the U.S.A.   We have learned during this pandemic how dangerous it is to rely on  distant factories and overstretched supply chains that can be  compromised by emergencies or enemies. Well, almost three-quarters of  the world's capacity to make computer chips is located in just a  handful of countries in East Asia--closer to Communist China than our  shores and all within range of the missiles of the People's Liberation  Army.   China is investing huge sums--possibly $150 billion--in its  semiconductor industry. This investment is paying off. For the first  time ever, last year China surpassed the United States in its capacity  for manufacturing advanced chips. China is projected to surpass Japan  and South Korea in the next 2 years, which would put it behind only  Taiwan, an island just 80 miles off its shore, which, I must remind  you, the PLA regularly trains to invade.   We cannot allow China to dominate production of computer chips. Doing  so would be a grave threat that could allow a corrupt clique of  Communists to impose a high-tech tyranny on the rest of the world. That  is why I am offering a bipartisan amendment, along with Senators  Cornyn, Schumer, Warner, and others, to ensure American leadership in  computer chips in the face of this Chinese threat. Our proposal calls  for key investments in advanced factories and research and development  so that America discovers and then produces the next generation of  semiconductor technology. It also requires the Department of Defense  and the intelligence community to work with trusted industry partners  to secure the supply chain for computers chips for our military and  other national security needs.   This bill is a moonshot investment, and such investments don't come  cheap. So I regret that the question of funding this bill has been  postponed to another time, but I look forward to having and winning  that debate because, make no mistake, robust support is needed to  ensure the future of the American semiconductor industry. At the very  least, it is necessary to level the playing field so that American  companies can compete against the coercive, anti-competitive, and  mercantilist policies of Communist China and others. It will provide a  surge of support and demand for advanced technology, just as the  Federal Government has always provided.   We offer this amendment so that the next digital revolution is also  made in the U.S.A., not in Communist China. I  [[Page S4324]]  urge my colleagues to support it and to support America's continued  technological primacy in the world.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   