 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I would like to speak to the  coronavirus--more specifically, the Senate's response to the  coronavirus or, shall I say, apparently the absence of a response.   I am a doctor, and one of the most exciting things they often show in  a TV show is when there is an emergency--there is a car wreck,  somebody's heart stops beating, somebody faints, something like that-- every resource is brought. I have been in that situation, and when it  occurs, there is someone who might be called--you know, runs the show,  if you will, or the captain of the show and begins to say ``You must do  this'' or ``You must do that.'' At that point, nicety does not matter.  Orders are given, you respond, and things are done. That is because  there is not a moment to be lost.   I think I bring that sense of urgency to this situation. Our  Presiding Officer was in the military as a combat pilot. She knows  quite well that sometimes minutes matter. Sometimes minutes matter. I  would argue that ``sometime'' is now.   I have been staying away from grocery stores, et cetera, and eating  through my frozen food. There is stuff in the fridge. Somebody told me  they went to the grocery store, and businesses that had been in  business last week are now boarded up. I am having calls regularly with  small business owners back in Louisiana, and they are so worried about  cashflow and trying to keep people on. Some have already laid folks  off, wondering what they can do. The uncertainty is destroying their  livelihood. If the livelihood of a small businesswoman is destroyed, so  is the livelihood of everyone she employs. There is a sense of urgency  that everyone in the Nation should feel but is not being acted upon  now.   Now, let's describe the situation, because what I actually think--I  have tried to understand why that urgency is not here. It is not a  general lack of urgency; it is a specific lack of urgency of the  Speaker of the House and the minority leader in the Senate--the  minority leader being the senior Senator from New York. It is a  specific lack of urgency in which they attempt to leverage the misery  of the American people so that they can achieve their political goal.   I have thought deeply about that political goal. In fact, I have  noticed whenever something is said by the minority leader--the senior  Senator from New York--I have to think, well, it is opposite day, as my  children will say. There is actually something opposite being said. Let  me just figure out what that opposite thing is.   So let's go through where we are, and then we will go through the  opposite-day aspect of our conversations.   First, people are hurting, but not just people being laid off.  Schools have been discharged. My wife cofounded a school for children  with dyslexia--a public charter school. Children of all backgrounds  come and have their dyslexia addressed. It is critical that those  children be in school. There is a science-based way for those kids to  learn how to read, and if they have to be dismissed because of fear  about spreading disease, then those children are not being exposed to  that science-based curriculum, and those children are, therefore,  losing the opportunity both to learn and to have their issue of  dyslexia addressed. That is just one school. There are very many more.   So, to address that, last week, the Senate majority leader put  together a proposal where he would have Senators from the Republican  Party draft some initial concepts--clearly not written in stone and  clearly open to negotiation--and then meet with Democratic counterparts  to come up with a bipartisan solution that would reflect the  perspectives of all 100 Senators, knowing that each Senator represents  a different constituency elected by people with a different viewpoint,  but the amalgamation of those viewpoints and constituencies would come  up with a wide public policy that would help to address both the  medical crisis and the economic crisis. It was bipartisan. And I was  struck when one of our Democratic colleagues was on a show and was  asked about the process, and he said that it actually worked well.   I met with the small businesspeople. I met with this Senator from the  Democratic side and this Senator from the Republican side, and we had a  process that worked. It worked very well on the Member level. It is in  the leadership that it broke down. Oh, that is interesting. In the  leadership, the bipartisan process, with a product that both sides had  agreed upon, broke down.   Now, let's contrast this bipartisan process, which led to a series of  policies, with the opposite-day rhetoric that has been used by the  Senate minority leader. The bipartisan product came up with an economic  stabilization fund in which dollars would be transferred to the  Treasury Department, which would then be transferred to the Federal  Reserve to set up guaranteed loans so that an industry, not a specific  business, an industry--think tourist industry, think healthcare,  somebody particularly affected by the coronavirus epidemic--as a class,  would be able to come and get guaranteed loans to keep their people  employed and to keep their business going so that when we get through  this rough patch, their business can restart as before.    Now, the opposite-day rhetoric of the Senate minority leader is that  this is a bailout for big corporations, and it was a sweetheart deal  put together by Republicans. Oh, opposite day. It was actually a  bipartisan deal that goes through the Federal Reserve in a way that is  sector-specific but not business-specific with the goal of keeping  people employed.   The opposite-day rhetoric is that it is a bailout. These are loans-- specifically, loans that have to be paid back. By law, the Federal  Reserve cannot take a loss. That is not a bailout. That is a loan to  keep people employed, and it is wise public policy brought together on  a bipartisan basis--bipartisan, Democrats and Republicans--to come up  with a solution reflecting all viewpoints across the country.   So, despite the opposite-day rhetoric, as somebody who wishes to  disparage, who wishes to diminish, who wishes to depreciate a process  that worked as the Senate is supposed to work--instead, it was  denigrated. I kept asking myself why. Why? We will come to that in a  little bit.   What else about the opposite-day process? That not enough is spent on  healthcare. I am a doctor. I went through these provisions for  healthcare. We are spending literally--literally--tens of billions of  dollars on healthcare, trying to find where to use it best. The  opposite-day rhetoric is that we are not. I didn't quite figure that  one out.   We are not spending on the average American--opposite-day rhetoric.  We give $1,200 to an individual and $2,400 to a couple. That just goes  out the door. Those folks get it. That is a commitment.   We are also committed to keeping small businesses afloat with an  expedited process by which that small business can obtain cash and a  loan, and that loan, the portion of which is used to keep people  employed, is forgiven--forgiven. So if I borrowed--if I were a  restaurant owner and I borrowed $100,000 and I use $75,000 of it to  keep my employees employed, that $75,000 is  [[Page S2002]]  forgiven, and I only owe back--I only have to pay back $25,000. That is  a bipartisan policy put together specifically to keep Americans  employed with their benefits.   By the way, if you were a waitress or a waiter, your tips were  included in your salary, so even though you might get a smaller amount,  you make it up on tips. We took that into account with this bipartisan  legislation--bipartisan legislation that addressed that need.   Opposite day--the Senate minority leader's rhetoric was that we  weren't taking care of people. Why would he not tell the truth? Why  would he specifically attempt to fool the American people about what  was actually being done? I had to think about that. Why would he  attempt to corrupt the entire process to tell the American people  something which is not true? I am not sure about that. I am not sure  about that.   So we got the deal put up by the Speaker of the House in which she  said: In exchange for the airlines being able to continue to employ  flight attendants and pilots and ground crew and administrators, they  would have to do an emission profile for every airplane. Hmm, I am  struggling to stay afloat. I have no passengers, and my cashflow is  immediately interrupted, but, by the way, let me go out and get an  emissions profile for my airplane or else, otherwise, I don't get to  stay in business.   That is so absurd that I kept thinking: That cannot be the answer.  That is so stupid. How can you label it anything else in this  circumstance? When people are in the process of boarding up their  businesses, that is the nonsense you would propose?   So I kept thinking: Why would they want that when American people are  hurting, and just like in a military emergency and just like in a  medical emergency, it demands rapid action?   I was just presiding before you, and as I was about to come on, I  heard on the TV somebody speaking, the senior Senator from Illinois,  and I got a clue.   He was not speaking of the Senate working, where Republicans and  Democrats come together and respecting 100 different constituencies,  100 different viewpoints on a bipartisan basis, establishing policy  that works for all, taking into account that Louisiana is different  than Arizona, and Arizona is different than Maine, and Maine is  different than Washington State.   We are all Americans, but we have different industries, and so part  of this bipartisan process, involving as many Senators as possible, was  to totally reflect that which was going on.   But I finally had my clue as to why the Senate majority leader wants  this process to break down. It is not to be representative of us as a  whole but, rather, that merely which he and the Speaker of the House  can negotiate.   The Democratic whip from Illinois spoke of the four corners process.  Now, those who are watching may not know what the four corners are. The  four corners are when nothing else can work, you get the Senate  majority leader, the Senate minority leader, the Speaker of the House,  and the minority leader of the House meeting with the White House, and  the four of them decide on everything. There is no transparency. They  will come out with a 2,000-page bill with all kinds of sweetheart bills  tucked into it, totally leaving out 98 other Senators but not leaving  out those stakeholders.   If you are a stakeholder and you have someone on your speed dial as  one of those four corners, you can get what you want. So in this  opposite-day type reality, where someone speaks of bailouts, I am  thinking: Ah, somebody wants a particular industry bailed out and  doesn't want the scrutiny of 100 Senators looking at it with enough  time to consider it. No, they want to release the bill tonight to vote  on it tomorrow morning. Now, the emergency kicks in. They say: Oh, it  is something we can think about--until that deal is baked, and then we  have no time to consider it, and then we must vote. That is how the  four corners process works.   Suddenly, it dawned on me. Remember the process that I spoke of in  which Senators from both parties came together on a bipartisan basis to  come up with something that would provide a little bit of support--no,  a lot of support--for the economy? Let's talk about the airlines. In  the deal that came together with all the Senators represented in one  way or another, where the airlines would get a loan but would not get  free money, that is what Republicans, frankly, wanted. That is what the  White House wanted. That was agreed to in the bipartisan arrangement  before it got blown up by the Speaker of the House and the Senate  majority leader.   Do you know what I am going to be curious to see? I am going to be  curious to see if the airlines get free money--not just a loan to  bridge over the rough spots to keep people employed--the attendants,  the pilots, the administrators, the ground crews, et cetera--but free  money, and then I will understand opposite day. I will understand that  the reason people have been talking about corporate bailouts is because  they have particular industries which they wish to bailout.   And those who speak of no transparency--again, opposite day--now we  are into the four corners situation, where no one knows what is being  put into that package because 98 Senators have been excluded.   By the way, let me just compliment my Senate majority leader. He is  the one who proposed the transparent process of a bipartisan set of  Senators putting this together. So let's just drop blame where blame  should be.   As my Democratic colleague said on TV, it was going pretty well until  it came to leadership.   We will see that bill. We will vote on it after not having time to  read it because it has been crafted in a small room with people who did  not include Senators of both parties from different places because they  had something they wished to put in there, and we will find out later  what those stakeholders were able to get.   My stakeholders are the American people. My stakeholders are the ones  who are boarding up their buildings right now because a bill we could  have voted on Sunday is still not decided upon because somebody has a  special deal which they wish to place.   The way the Senate works is not a four corners arrangement, where all  the powers are in a group of one or two or three or four, in which  deals are released the night before, released the next day, and no one  has a chance to read, but some people are taken care of. Rather, it is  to be as the Senate majority leader put up, where there is bipartisan  agreement with an opportunity to study, to understand, to reflect upon,  the American people are represented, and special interests are kept in  their place. That is the way it should be. Unfortunately, that is not  where we are now. I wish it were not opposite day, but we shall find  out.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I spoke to you earlier when you were  presiding.   I am about to take the Presiding Officer's place, as she took my  place earlier, and we will swap once more. Yet, before I sit down, I  want to repeat the message I gave earlier.   As we wait for a decision to be made between the Democratic minority  leader, the Speaker of the House, and the administration, we had a deal  that they had agreed to that was bipartisan, on which Senators from  both parties had come together, had reviewed, and had an awareness of.  No Senator thought it was a corporate bailout. If one did, one didn't  say so at the time. Every Senator felt like this was the way to emerge.  This could have been passed into law on Sunday, but we are nowhere  close, apparently.   Tonight, I was asked on a TV show: What about the single mother in  Baton Rouge? What would I tell her?   Do you know what I would say to that single mother? I would tell her  I care about single moms. I would say that we had a deal, but then the  Speaker of the House and the Democratic minority leader decided to  leverage the misery of the American people, the businesses that are  shutting down as we speak, and the people who are being laid off every  day, to their political advantage. I am so sorry to say that, but that  is a fact.   Then, afterward, they had to come up with a big, sort of, ``Oh, my  gosh. We can't support it because of this or that.'' It wasn't what  they were saying when they agreed to it. They had to come up with a  reason to justify mendacity. They are leveraging the misery of the  American people to their political advantage. A deal could have been  signed on Sunday--a bipartisan deal that 100 Senators had some input  into and that the Speaker of the House had input into.   Someone pointed out the irony to me--and I have to wrap up shortly-- so I tweeted that the Democratic minority leader and the Speaker of the  House  [[Page S2007]]  tried to impeach the President of the United States for allegedly  withholding aid from Ukraine, and now they withhold aid from the  American people. Whatever gloss they put on it, we could have finished  this up on Sunday, and now we are stretching it out to their political  advantage.   I believe that was the allegation against the President: To his  political advantage, he was using aid that was to go to the Ukrainians.  Now we see two people--again, the Speaker of the House and the  Democratic minority leader--both of whom are from States that have been  hard-hit; my State of Louisiana and theirs, being New York and  California, have been hard-hit--who are using that misery as leverage  to their political advantage.   I am sorry to be so worked up, but I have people calling me, asking:  Do I have to lay somebody off?   Oh, my gosh. I have lost my job. Will I have unemployment benefits?  You say there is a check coming. When will this legislation pass?   I realize it could have been done on Sunday until two people saw an  opportunity that was to their political advantage. In their political  advantage, they withhold aid from the American people, but they tried  to impeach the President for such an allegation against another people.   I hope they answer to the voters. I understand that the people who  support them might not be touched by this, but my people are touched by  it, and my State is affected by it. As a physician, I don't care where  you live in the country, for I feel, as a physician, that we should be  doing everything we can for those who are in distress right now and not  using it to our political advantage or using it in a way to extract a  little bit more--maybe in requiring airlines to do this or that or  maybe in sneaking a sweetheart deal in for a friend because we will get  that language and have to vote on it 2 hours later.   This is not how our Founding Fathers had imagined. It is,  unfortunately, how it has become--not to the benefit of the American  people, to the benefit of two people, and I find that outrageous.   I yield the floor.   (Ms. McSALLY assumed the chair.)   (Mr. CASSIDY assumed the chair.)   (Ms. McSALLY assumed the chair.)   (Mr. SASSE assumed the chair.)   