 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am rising today, along with others,  giving thanks to our military and servicemembers and our veterans. In  our family, this comes naturally. I am the son of Wes Roberts, a World  War II Marine veteran who fought at Okinawa and Iwo Jima, and as a  Marine veteran myself, I say with certainty and pride that there is no  greater duty than to stand  [[Page S7056]]  with those who have put country before self.   I might add that my dad was age 41; he lied about his age and said he  was 39. There was a niche in the Marine Corps at that time to be an air  ground officer. That quickly turned into a combat situation, both in  Okinawa and Iwo Jima. I am very thankful that he was spared. I would  also like to add that I thank former President Truman for making a  decision that allowed him and 800,000 other Americans to come home.   It is of the utmost importance, especially today, to pause and to  recognize and thank veterans everywhere for their service in defending  our Nation from threats, both overseas and here at home.   Another point of privilege I would like to point out is that before  the pandemic, we were set to dedicate the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial  on May 8. That was the 75th anniversary of Victory in Europe Day--an  anniversary with worldwide significance.   Due to the ongoing pandemic, we dedicated the memorial in September,  and now, after decades of work, the memorial dedicated to our President  and the Supreme Allied Commander and Kansas's favorite son, Dwight D.  Eisenhower, is attracting generations of visitors to the National Mall.  I drive by it on Independence Avenue when I am going home. I am always  amazed that there are 25 or 30 people taking pictures of Ike, both as  President and also the Supreme Allied Commander.   I am delighted that we are relearning the contributions of this great  President and a man who basically saved Western democracy and gave us 8  years of peace and prosperity as President.   The memorial encourages all visitors to learn more about the critical  role Ike played in not only shaping our Nation and defining the United  States of America on the world stage but leading our country through 8  years of peace and prosperity. He recognized the promise of America and  the reciprocal responsibility of his people to serve the Nation that  serves them. As he said in his first inaugural address, ``It is the  firm duty of each of our free citizens . . . to place the cause of this  country before the comfort, the convenience of himself.'' It was  Eisenhower's decision to launch the D-day invasion that helped turn the  tide of war in Europe and save Western democracy.   While the memorial pays tribute to his valiant leadership, it also  pays tribute to the ``greatest generation.'' Without their bravery and  sacrifice during World War II, the world, no doubt, would be a very  different place.   Now, we have another favorite son in Kansas. My dear friend and  mentor, Senator Bob Dole, is another one of these heroes of the  ``greatest generation,'' and he made a tremendous effort in making the  World War II Memorial a reality. In talking with Bob about his effort  and then his key role in making the Eisenhower Memorial an actuality  and being successful, now anybody who is a World War II veteran--and  those numbers are decreasing dramatically every year--however, they can  get some transportation up here on Independence Avenue and pay homage  to their Commander in Chief and salute him as they would have liked to  have done years back.   I would point out that through my 40 years of service in both the  House and Senate, I have said many times that the No. 1 priority of our  Federal Government is to provide for the safety and security of our  great Nation and to encourage those who protect us and to give them  due. It has also been an honor to serve as a marine and to serve the  great State of Kansas in Washington.   Our Nation is forever indebted to the acts of bravery and sacrifice  of the service men and women who repeatedly answer the call of duty and  step forward to defend the freedoms we all hold dear. Each and every  one of us--more especially in this body--give the thanks of a grateful  Nation to our Nation's veterans.   I would be remiss if I did not close by stating ``Semper Fi.''   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   