 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Huffman, Ranking Member  Lamborn, and my colleague, Representative  Don Beyer for the united  effort to make sure that we get this Long Bridge bill passed, to make  sure we get a new Long Bridge built, because we know that this is  critically important, not just for Virginia, for the District, and for  Maryland, but for the Nation because of the critical link point that it  is for transportation.   As we know, this is in some ways looked at as a regional project, but  it is actually more than that.   The First District of Virginia, the district that I represent, spans  the I-95 corridor in Northern Virginia, which includes one of the worst  traffic hot spots in the Nation. That is undeniable. In fact, who knows  it better than Members here in Congress what they have to deal with  each day in their commute.   As a daily commuter myself, I understand the frustration that folks  have. This is going to be a critical point for us to be able to use  rail as a very efficient means by which to move people and to move  commerce throughout the region. Incredibly important. And with passage  of this bill, Congress is providing the adequate resources to leverage  the Commonwealth's investment to address issues on I-95.   It has been a great cooperative agreement between the Commonwealth of  Virginia and CSX, who owns the line, to make sure that this gets done.  It is really unprecedented in what they have agreed to, and it is  not just this line, but it is also all the connectors. So this is a  great step to really enhance our rail system, which we know is  incredibly important to address transportation issues, not just across  the eastern seaboard but really across the Nation.    An important component of this in reducing traffic congestion in this  region, as I said, is commuter rail. And this bridge spans the Potomac,  one of those chokepoints, the major chokepoint here on the eastern  seaboard.   It is very heavily traveled. There has to be a balance between  transit from a commuter standpoint, passenger rail, and freight rail.  And many times there is a battle back and forth, and, unfortunately,  freight rail prevails in that since freight companies own the rail. We  want to make sure that there is balance there, and this provides a  balance.   And I have to give CSX credit for coming to the table and saying,  listen, we understand how incredibly important passenger rail is. Even  though that is not within their purview, they do see how important that  is. So it is a real testament to a lot of different entities coming  together to make this work.   And just as Representative Beyer said, the existing bridge is at 98  percent capacity during peak hours, and is used by both VRE, the  Virginia Railway Express, Amtrak, and CSX. There is a lot of traffic  coming across that bridge; we want to make sure that it can all be  accommodated.   We know the proposed design for a new track bridge upstream of the  current Long Bridge and five additional bridges in Virginia and D.C.  provide those connectors and conduits that we need for the region.   The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior, through the  National Park Service director, to convey to and authorize the use by  both Virginia and D.C. to be able to utilize a small section of  National Park Service land for the construction of the new Long Bridge  structure for rail and for an additional, as we have heard, walkable  and bikeable pedestrian bridge spanning the Potomac River; incredibly  important for the region.   The bill will also convey title and interest to Virginia of about 4.4  permanent acres of National Park Service land for the express purpose  of this project.   The National Park Service will authorize Virginia to temporarily use  8.4 acres of land for the construction which reverts back to the  National Park Service at the discretion of the NPS director when the  project gets completed. So it is essentially construction use while  equipment is there, but then it reverts back to the National Park  Service.   This project supports projected increases in passenger and freight  rail through this corridor, not only now but in the future, and it also  enhances economic growth and mobility for the region.   It increases the capacity of the rail network for many areas,  including the Port of Virginia, which handles 37 percent of goods that  move in and out of that port by rail; a great enhancer.   The Port of Virginia will need to increase that share to 45 percent  by 2040 to handle a threefold increase in shipments. This will help  them do that.   Building a new Long Bridge doubles the rail capacity at this major  bottleneck and is incredibly important for the eastern seaboard but  also regionally, for not only Virginia and the District, but also,  Maryland; so all incredibly important.   The legislation is a significant milestone in transforming passenger  and freight rail service along the East Coast and really making a  significant step forward in increasing the capacity and opportunity for  freight rail.   The construction is a project of major national significance in  unlocking the gridlock in this region and is incredibly important.   Finally, I want to thank again the leadership on the Natural  Resources Committee, Chairman Huffman, Ranking Member Lamborn, and my  colleague  Don Beyer for coleading this effort and also Representative  Holmes Norton and the rest of the members of the regional delegations  and staff for making this important element work.   I also thank Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine for introducing the  Senate companion bill over on the Senate side.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   