 Mr. Speaker, today, this body will vote to reaffirm the  fact that Congress has the sole power to declare war, as laid out in  the Constitution. After nearly two decades at war, President Trump has  further risked the safety and security of America, our servicemembers,  and our allies by escalating tensions with Iran to a dangerous new  level. The Trump Administration's military airstrike targeting  highlevel Iranian officials is just another example of President Trump  undermining our national security by acting recklessly and without  sound legal authority or reason. His rash decisions have made America  less safe. War must always be our last recourse, and any escalation  that brings our nation closer to a third disastrous war in the Middle  East is unacceptable. The American people will not stand for it.   The War Powers Act exists as a safeguard against intensifying  military actions that can accidentally lead to war. It ensures that a  President will engage in a public conversation with the American people  about the merits of war, before deploying their loved ones. The Trump  Administration must now recognize Congress's authority as a coequal  branch of government and request, as well as justify, authorization for  any future military activity against Iran. Additionally, the  Administration must work with Congress to ensure an immediate,  effective deescalation strategy that prevents further violence.   While I am proud to support the War Powers Resolution, this must be  the first of many steps to reassert Congress's responsibilities under  Article 1 of the Constitution. I opposed the 2002 Iraq Authorization  for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) and have worked for the last  decade to repeal it, including most recently voting against the  National Defense Authorization Act when it failed to include a House- passed repeal. I was pleased the Speaker announced plans for the House  to pass Congresswoman Barbara Lee's resolution to finally repeal the  2002 AUMF and Congressman Ro Khanna's legislation to prohibit funding  for military action against Iran not authorized by Congress. I am proud  to cosponsor both of these bills. We owe it to our military and  civilian personnel, our allies, and every American to ensure that  Congress upholds its constitutional authority to authorize the use of  military force.   