 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I have to  say this sounds a lot like yet another attempt to just change the  subject and obfuscate.   I was on this floor earlier this week. The Senator from Alaska has  just spoken about his goal here. Both of us have slightly different  approaches to try to achieve the same thing, which is to discourage  these attacks on law enforcement officials.   It seems like almost every day we read about some horrific attack on  men and women across the country just because they are police. It is  absolutely appalling, and we are trying to do everything we can to  discourage that, to create disincentives, and to make sure that violent  criminals know that they will pay a very steep price if they commit the  appalling kinds of acts that we have seen.   I commend the Senator from Alaska for an approach to this. Yet,  again, our Democratic colleagues refuse to support this effort and  instead say: Let's change the subject to VAWA.   Well, let's talk a little bit about VAWA. Look, there is a very real  problem with violence against women. I don't know anyone who would  dispute that. And VAWA, the legislation, has a number of programs, some  of which are very constructive.    I voted in favor of the last reauthorization of VAWA because I do  think it is that important, and I have led the effort in this body to  ensure that crime victims--very much including women--get the resources  they are supposed to get from the Crime Victims Fund, which they  historically have not been. But the fact is, it is a big bill, it is a  complicated bill, and there are multiple programs, and some of it is  very controversial.   So the way we have actually gotten an outcome and achieved something  with VAWA is through a bipartisan process. That is what was done in the  past, and that effort has been underway. Senator Ernst, working with  Senator Feinstein, has tried to find common ground. I think they are  not quite there yet. But this legislation is not that bill. It is not  that effort.   This is a bill that our Democratic colleagues have declared they know  has no chance of actually passing. So rather than changing the subject  and putting forward a bill that everybody knows can't pass, I wish our  Democratic colleagues would join me and my colleague from Alaska in  doing something we can do, something modest but constructive that would  help to diminish the risks that our law enforcement folks take every  single day. So, Mr. President, I object.   