 Mr. President, I want to talk about the portion of the  bill that we have made available to our colleagues and the country this  week after lots of input from our colleagues on the Labor, Health and  Human Services, and Education part of the bill. It is about 25 percent  of the bill, almost $250 billion. That money would be used to get us  back on track toward vaccines that work, toward treatments that work,  to provide additional resources for testing, for treatment, for care,  to get us back to school, to get us back to work, and to get us back to  childcare. These are all things that are critical for our economy and  families to return in the way they want to.   For those things to work the way we would want them to work, our  colleague Senator Alexander put it very succinctly: All things run  through testing. If you are going to go back to school, if you are  going to go back to work, if you are going to go back to childcare, if  you are going to be in a nursing home between now and the time we have  a vaccine, we need tests that are easy to take and quick to respond. A  test that you can take and have the answer in 10, 12, or 15 minutes  [[Page S4568]]  will make all the difference, and we continue to push for that in this  bill.   In fact, there is about $9 billion in a fund that maybe should have  been designated a little more specifically, but it hasn't been spent.  It was designed to be a testing fund. We should combine that with  another $16 billion and make testing available for those priorities-- for nursing homes or in that State-Federal partnership.   In this bill, we say that a priority for the Federal Government in  that partnership is tests that work in nursing homes, tests that work  in childcare centers, tests that work in elementary and secondary  education, and tests that work in colleges and universities, that allow  people to get back into those situations, including a residential  campus, to know that when you are there, you have a way to not only  test people quickly but get an answer quickly.   Frankly, President Trump is right when he says that the way current  testing has been working really doesn't do much but measure how many  people had the disease. It doesn't even say how many people necessarily  have the disease but how many people had the disease. If you have a  test and you don't get an answer for 5 or 6 or 7 days, what good did it  really do you to take the test? It certainly didn't do you much good in  terms of not infecting others because you didn't know that you had it-- particularly if you are in that high percentage of people who don't  have symptoms but are still able to spread the disease.   That is why a test that gives you an answer in 15 minutes makes all  the difference in the world. If you are on a college campus and take  that test and in 15 minutes you have the answer, and if the answer is  that you have this, your next place to go is somewhere by yourself.   I think almost every campus returning to residential campus living is  setting aside some of their dorm space--on some campuses, all their  dorm space is single-student dorm rooms--but for every campus I talked  to, some rooms are set aside just so the student has a place to go.   If you show up at the nursing home as a worker and in 15 minutes you  find out you have COVID, the last place you need to be is that nursing  home. But if you don't know for 5 or 7 days whether you have COVID, it  doesn't help out very much.   I think what the President has said on testing makes a lot of sense.  But it doesn't mean the tests aren't good; it means better tests. We  have put a lot of money and effort behind those tests. Sometime in the  next few days, I think the National Institutes of Health will be  announcing tests that are moving forward that will do just what I  suggested.   We put another $26 billion toward a vaccine. Our colleague Senator  Daines has been very helpful in looking at this organization called  BARDA, which was designed a decade ago to be able to respond to a  pandemic and never has been effectively used in that way, in my view.  This time, we are using it and intend to continue to use it to form  those partnerships with the private sector early on to begin to produce  a vaccine, even when we don't know absolutely for sure that it is going  to be FDA-approved. But we do know that if it is FDA-approved, we want  it as soon as it can possibly be available. If it is not FDA-approved,  it never gets used, but if it is FDA-approved, the difference between a  vaccine that is available January 15 and a vaccine that is available  May 15--it is worth the loss if it doesn't work out. Let's say you went  forward with five of these vaccines, and three of them worked. Then you  have vaccines--maybe 300 million doses on January 15, and you have to  destroy a couple of hundred million doses because that didn't get  through the full safety requirement. That makes all the difference in  the world. Lives are saved, and the economy is restored. And we are  moving forward with that. We are putting another $26 billion behind  that.   We also have language in our bill that requires an effort that was  announced yesterday, which is for a group of scientific ethicists to  start talking about what the priorities should be for that vaccine when  we have it. Who should get it first? What should our priorities be? How  do we distribute this in a way that seems fair and equitable? How do we  distribute this in a way that somebody who can't get in a car and drive  100 miles to a doctor and pay for the shot has the same chance to get  the vaccine as somebody who could do all of those things? Our bill  requires that.   All of our discussions on this bill, plus our public discussions in a  hearing we had a month ago, have said we want the administration to  have a plan as to how to distribute the vaccine before we have the  vaccine. Everybody thinks we might have a vaccine available by the end  of this year or early next year. There is no reason to wait for that to  happen to have a plan. I would like to see a plan on October 1. I told  the Chief of Staff of the President that again yesterday.   This bill provides money to be sure that people who go to places like  community health centers are going to have a community health center  that can respond to what they need. There is $7.6 billion for community  health centers.   There is another $25 billion for providers that lost income--which is  almost every provider--during the last several months as our hospitals  and our doctors and our surgical centers and other places were told:  Here is what we want you to do. We want you to stop your income. We  want you to stop all the elective things you can possibly stop. At the  same time, we want you to be ready for the greatest healthcare crisis  your facility will ever meet.   So fully engaged in spending money and being ready to meet a crisis,  but because you stopped income that you would normally have, we are  trying to do what we can--not to exceed the income they would have  normally had but to replace some of that income. There is also money  for rural clinics that would step up and do that.   Senator Capito and Senator Collins were particularly vigorous in  making sure we had the money needed for people who have mental health  challenges, many of whom have gotten worse during this isolation period  and this job-loss period, or if you or somebody in your family is sick.   The opioid deaths, the substance abuse deaths have gone back up for  the first time in about 3 years. That is totally logical when you think  about it. Had this headed in another direction, you would have a  support system working that keeps you from returning to that habit,  that dependency. Then you are suddenly by yourself. Maybe you are not  only by yourself, but you are by yourself and you lost your job. Maybe  you are by yourself, and your mother is sick with COVID, and you can't  see your mom or dad or somebody in your family, and you are thinking: I  wonder--surely I can do that thing that made me feel so good just one  time and not be addicted. We know it doesn't work that way.   Our Nation continues to face challenges, and with those challenges,  we have asked the National Institutes of Health to look one more time  and more closely at people's underlying conditions that might put them  more at risk for COVID-19, see what has happened with minorities, with  pregnant women, with children, and begin to drill down and figure out  what we can do.   As I have said before, bipartisan priorities should include school.  Frankly, they also need to include childcare. If you are going to get  America back to work, you are going to have to have a childcare system  that works, and that is not going to happen on its own. About half of  our childcare facilities have been closed since the 1st of March. The  other half that has been open has struggled to stay open. Many have  benefited from the PPP program, but at the same time, when they stay  open or when others reopen with social distancing and the reluctance of  people to send their kids back to a place where there are lots of other  kids, there is probably no more than 50-percent occupancy. You are not  going to make up for that by doubling the amount that families pay for  childcare. You need to make up for that with the kinds of grants and  assistance that are in this bill. It is about getting students back to  school, getting people back to work, and getting childcare facilities  working.   Senator Ernst, who was just on the floor, and Senator Loeffler have  both been big advocates of what we need to do to make childcare a  priority.  [[Page S4569]]    Schools need to reopen safely based on State and local criteria. This  bill includes money for schools to do that. There is about $70 billion  for elementary and secondary schools. Frankly, we are a little bit  ahead of where the House was with the Heroes Act. If you get into a  bidding war with the House, you are never going to win. You need a  realistic discussion. Only 90 days ago or so or 60 days ago, the House  felt it needed $100 billion to reopen schools. We suggested $105  billion. In some report, I read that the House then decided, well,  maybe it should be $400 billion if the Senate were willing to spend  $105 billion.   We should be able to figure this out and figure this out quickly,  with some of that money being available only if you go back to school  in person and some of it being available if you go back to school  virtually, as others will do, depending, again, on their situations  locally.   We are ready to move forward. Answers to these important questions  are in this bill. I look forward to talking about it not only with our  Democratic colleagues in the Senate but with our colleagues in the  House.   I yield the floor.   