 Mr. President, his name was the answer to a frequently  asked question. It is a question that used to come up in almost every  Democratic meeting when we talked about legislative ideas and we talked  about making progress on the floor of the Senate. And the question was  this: Who can we call on the other side of the aisle? And the answer  was almost always Lamar Alexander. We knew that if we presented an idea  to him, he would not only be receptive and respectful, we knew that if  he came on board, it would lend credibility to our effort, maybe even  get a bill passed around here. But it would always have to wear a red  tartan badge with it because there was an idea that he wanted to bring  to the party, but it was worth it. It was worth it not only for the  progress that you can make in terms of legislation, but it was worth it  because it was part of developing a friendship.   Harry Truman used to recommend famously, ``If you want a friend in  Washington, get a dog.'' I thought of that. I told you about it a few  months ago when you were on one of those Sunday morning talk shows. You  were broadcasting, I think, from your living room or family room at  your home in Tennessee, and I couldn't get over that stuffed animal  that was on the coffee table behind you. It just seemed like it was  such an odd little piece of maybe personal pride to have that stuffed  animal with you. It turned out it wasn't stuffed at all. It was Rufus,  your dog, who slept through your entire performance, wasn't a bit moved  by the fact  [[Page S7150]]  that you were on some Sunday morning talk show.   I want to thank you for many things, and I will mention a few of them  in terms of legislation, but I especially want to thank you for--I  brought a group of friends of mine down to Nashville, TN, and you made  a recommendation list of places to stop, including the Bluebird, and  then came by and joined us for lunch. You couldn't have been more  gracious, and I thank you for that.   That is a trademark of Lamar Alexander's life and service to this  country.   I could talk about many things, but I want to reflect on one that I  think is timely and significant and is a reason a lot of us are wearing  these masks. We are facing a pandemic with the COVID-19 virus. It has  claimed 273,000 American lives, and I am afraid many more will follow.  Millions--almost 13 million or more--have been infected by it. We want  it to end, and we want it to end as quickly as possible.   The really shining ray of hope here is the possibility that a vaccine  will be available soon. I pray it will be. I like to think that some of  the things that we did together, with others, created an opportunity  for that vaccine to be discovered.   It was 5 or 6 years ago that I approached you and I approached  Senator Patty Murray and Roy Blunt with the idea that we ought to make  a concerted, consistent effort to increase the NIH's budget by at least  5 percent per year.   Senator Blunt, whom I see on the floor here today, I want to thank  you. You took that cause to heart, along with Senator Alexander.   We had the right appropriator and the right authorizer, and Patty  Murray served in both capacities so effectively.   We dramatically increased the NIH budget over the last 7, 8 years. I  am hopeful, and I would like to think that some of those researchers  and the work that they did was laying the groundwork for the discovery  of these vaccines quickly in the United States and around the world.  That is a legacy you won't soon forget.   Do you remember when we first got wind of this COVID-19 and I walked  across the Chamber here and I said to you: I am worried about this  protective equipment issue and how much we are reliant on going  overseas for sourcing; would you join me at least in an effort to find  out whether we are dependent on foreign sources at a time when we might  desperately need this protective equipment for our own?   You said, sure, and we did it together and the investigation is  underway. It may not serve us in this particular crisis, but it will  serve in many generations to come to make sure we have reliable  domestic sources in the United States.   I am not going to catalog all of the items that were mentioned  earlier by our colleagues Senator Blackburn and Senator Collins and  Senator Feinstein--the list goes on and on--but that increase by 38  percent of the National Institutes of Health was something our little  quartet did together, and I am particularly proud to be part of it.   It wasn't, by far, the only thing that you have done. You championed  an increase in the Department of Energy's Office of Science as chair of  the Energy and Water Appropriations Committee, which Senator Feinstein  noted. Under your leadership with her, that office budget has increased  by 38 percent since 2015.   You worked with the National Labs, like Oak Ridge, Argonne, Fermilab.  Those are near and dear to me as well. And your support for research  infrastructure provided essential help to this Lab and Labs across  America.   I want to just close by saying this. Most of us were moved by your  speech. I am sure it was a perfect illustration of your view of this  Chamber and the good memories you have and a challenge to all of us to  do better. I think the honest answer is it is not the rules of the  Senate that make the difference; it is the Senators who make a  difference. If we come to the chore of legislating with the inspiration  of Lamar Alexander, we are going to get a lot done for America.   Thank you for your great service to our country.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms.  Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Hawaii (Mr. Schatz) are necessarily absent.     I announce that the Senator from California (Ms.  Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Hawaii (Mr. Schatz) are necessarily absent.     I announce that the Senator from California (Ms.  Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Hawaii (Mr. Schatz) are necessarily absent.     I announce that the Senator from California (Ms.  Harris), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Hawaii (Mr. Schatz) are necessarily absent.     Mr. President, it is hard to follow those heartfelt words  from Senator Barrasso about his colleague and friend and our friend  Mike Enzi, but I am going to make a try.   Just as our tribute to Lamar Alexander was a tribute to the better  angels of nature as they are shown in the lives of Senators, so, too,  was Mike Enzi. I join my colleagues in thanking Mike for his service to  Wyoming and to America.   One of the most frequent questions many of us are asked is, Why can't  you folks get along in Washington? Why can't you just do things  together? I say to them that there are times when we do, and the many  times are very important. When we do come together, it is because of  people like Mike, who worked under his so-called 80-20 rule. We know  that well, don't we? He would tell you he believes both sides could  agree on 80 percent of the substance, and if negotiators are willing to  give up the other 20 percent, we could actually get some things done  around here. Wouldn't that be refreshing?   One of those items was the Marketplace Fairness Act. Mike helped to  lead the fight for local brick-and-mortar retailers in order to give  them a chance to compete on an equal and level playing field with  online sellers, email companies, and internet companies and to allow  the States and localities to collect much needed sales tax revenue. It  is hard to imagine how many years Mike put into that effort, but the  Marketplace Fairness Act would have given the States the option to  require from out-of-State businesses, such as those selling online, the  collection of taxes owed under State law in the same way local  businesses are required.   Mike knew a lot about local business. As was mentioned on the floor  by Senator Barrasso, his colleague, he was a small business owner in  Gillette, WY, running NZ Shoes. Even as he went on to become mayor of  Gillette at age 30, a staff sergeant in the Wyoming Air National Guard,  a State representative, and then a State senator, he was always still  the small business man from Gillette.   In 1996, when he was recovering from open-heart surgery, then-Senator  Alan Simpson decided not to run for reelection. Local leaders kept  trying to talk Mike into running. He really just wanted to have more  time to hunt and fish. In the end, he made an important decision. He  ran, and he won. His career has had many legislative successes in  having used his 80-20 rule.   I will never forget the days when Ted Kennedy would come to the floor  and talk about the compromise and the bargain he had struck with you. I  had thought what a political odd couple, but the two of you did some  remarkable things.   Poles apart in terms of political philosophy, they treated each other  with respect, and they had amazing successes to show for it. Even when  he has differing views on the best ways to resolve issues, Mike Enzi  shows a willingness to come to the table and discuss the areas in which  we can agree.   In 2012, Democratic Senator Byron Dorgan retired. I called Mike after  Byron left and asked if I could take up Byron's position in his fight  for the Marketplace Fairness Act. He said: Let's do it. We brought in  Senator Lamar Alexander--that was a pretty smart move--and then Senator  Heidi Heitkamp, who both made great contributions to our work. It was  our luck that Heidi Heitkamp was the petitioner of the 1992 Supreme  Court case Quill Corp. v. North Dakota, which made the Marketplace  Fairness Act necessary.   We were an unexpected group of Senators--two Republicans and two  Democrats who were literally from all over the United States. We  disagreed on some things, sure, but we agreed that Main Street business  needed a break and deserved fair treatment. We kept working on it with  Mike Enzi's leadership, and, in 2013, the Marketplace Fairness Act  passed the Senate, overwhelmingly, with 69 votes. Unfortunately, the  House of Representatives, once again, broke our heart and didn't act on  it. We kept introducing the bill.   Main Street businesses were still struggling against the unfair  advantage that internet-only retailers had. Visitors to my office might  have noticed a little something that was in my office that I have  brought to the floor today and wondered what this was all about. This  was a gift from Mike Enzi after we were successful in the U.S. Senate.  It is a small, wooden, three-note train whistle. It would be a  violation of the Senate rules to blow the whistle, but I want to tell  you that it was a gift from Mike for our work we did together in  helping to get the bill down the tracks of the legislative process.  [[Page S7162]]    We were never able to get the House to take up the measure, but, in  2018, the Supreme Court finally did the right thing. In a 5-to-4 ruling  in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc., the Court closed the loophole we had  been struggling to fight and address for years. I am proud to be a part  of that bipartisan coalition. In Illinois, it has meant a lot. We  estimate that our State has received $460 million in annual revenue by  virtue of Mike Enzi's determination and leadership on the marketplace  fairness front.   In this pandemic crisis, this revenue is more important than ever.  Mike has always been a force for fairness, a friend, and a leader for  whom I have great respect. As we fight this pandemic, we should strive  to abide by Mike's 80-20 rule and remember that Main Street businesses  are really hurting and need our help.   I know Mike will have more time now for fishing and hunting. I wish  him and Diana, his wonderful wife--and she is a wonderful person--and  their grandchildren happiness. I look forward to reading about the next  chapter in Mike Enzi's life of giving and caring.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris),  and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are necessarily absent.   