 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in opposition  to H.R. 51.   Voting against this legislation is not an economic, racial, or a  social injustice, as my colleagues across the aisle may unfairly claim.  I have no doubt that my Democratic friends, just like Republicans, want  the citizens of Washington to have political rights like every other  American. However, let's talk about what is honest here. Let's just be  honest.   The true goal here is to have two virtually guaranteed new Democratic  seats so that D.C. can become a State. That is what it comes down to.  That is the goal.   Why do I say that? Because there is a much simpler alternative that I  am baffled that the Democrats do not want anything to do with. I  offered an amendment to this bill that would retrocede the District of  Columbia back to Maryland. That is where the land came from.    Congress ceded the west side of the Potomac, now Alexandria, from the  District of Columbia back to Virginia in 1847. So there is plenty of  historical precedent for this action.   Unfortunately, despite making total sense, my amendment was, sadly,  blocked.   If D.C. were ceded back to Maryland, citizens can vote for Members of  the House of Representatives and Senate in Maryland. They would have  congressional representation in both Chambers, with the exact effect of  statehood.   The move is simply unnecessary, when ceding D.C. back to Maryland is  a viable, cost-effective, and commonsense option.   To further nullify this debate, the District of Columbia would  require a constitutional amendment to change. The Framers of the  Constitution, as has been said before, were very clear about this. The  Supreme Court reaffirmed this in 1949.   So why are we trying to overturn the Supreme Court? One answer:  politics, pure and simple.   Even setting aside the obvious need for a constitutional amendment,  my colleagues across the aisle know that this legislation has no chance  of becoming law. It is just the majority's attempt, again, to message  bills to satisfy the base.   Let me be clear: Republicans do not want to attempt to stifle voices  or suppress representation.   If the D.C. citizens want to have representation, then cede the land  back to Maryland, because I have demonstrated it is a more hands-down,  more practical solution.   