 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3051,  America's Conservation Enhancement, or ACE, Act.   I just want to thank Congressman Wittman for all his work. We  partnered together, as he indicated, on the Chesapeake Bay Watershed  Task Force with Congressman Harris and Congressman Scott.   I want to salute the efforts of Congresswoman Luria in introducing  and authoring the Chesapeake Bay Program Reauthorization Act, which I  was proud to cosponsor.   This is an exciting day. This bill has taken a winding road, as these  things do. But we are close to the finish line here, and we look  forward to passage of the bill. It is bipartisan. It is bicameral.   We conserve and protect fish and wildlife habitat, support outdoor  recreation, and combat invasive species, as we have heard. It includes  several bipartisan provisions that will protect the long-term health of  the Chesapeake Bay, specifically, as I indicated, two bills: one, the  Chesapeake Bay Program Reauthorization Act, and another one, the  Chesapeake Watershed Investments for Landscape Defense Act, or  Chesapeake WILD Act, which would establish a grant program to bolster  habitat restoration and protection throughout the watershed.   It also includes a bill I was proud to introduce, the Chesapeake Bay  Gateways and Watertrails Network Reauthorization Act, which would  expand recreational opportunities for millions of Marylanders and bay  watershed residents across the region.   It is comprehensive. It will significantly boost the health of the  bay and ensure that it remains an environmental treasure and an  economic driver for years to come.   As Congressman Wittman said, we have worked together on the  Chesapeake Bay Watershed Task Force, and through that task force, we  have pulled together real bipartisan support for this effort.   As the largest estuary in the U.S., the Chesapeake Bay is an  important ecosystem, a model for restoration efforts throughout the  country. That is, in large part, due to our successful bipartisan work  at the Federal, State, and local levels.   I would like to thank Chair Grijalva, our House leadership, and their  staffs for their work to negotiate a bipartisan and bicameral  environmental conservation package.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important legislation  so that our Nation's natural habitats and scenic landscapes, like the  Chesapeake Bay, can be enjoyed for generations to come.  [[Page H5175]]        