 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York  (Mr. Reed) for yielding.  [[Page H6990]]    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 578, the ALS Disability  Insurance Access Act.   ALS is a rare, fatal, progressive, neurodegenerative disease with an  ability to strike anyone at any time throughout the world.   It has no racial, ethnic, or socioeconomic boundaries. Still, we  actually have no cause or cure, and it is very sad, but we have to work  on a cure. We will never give up, Madam Speaker.   While military veterans are 1\1/2\ to 2 times more likely to develop  ALS than those who have not served, and 5 to 10 percent of cases are  familial and due to a gene mutation, 90 percent are considered sporadic  with no clear reason for development.   Rapidly progressing throughout the body, time is critical for ALS  patients as many suffer total paralysis and death, typically within 2  to 5 years following diagnosis, although I do know some friends who  have lived much longer than that. They continue to contribute to  society and to their respective wonderful communities.   Again, during that time, many lose their ability to work and lose  access to employer-based insurance. Despite contributing to Social  Security during their working years, ALS patients must wait 5 months  before they can receive access to the benefits they have earned. These  disability benefits help pay for costly medical care, food, and  housing.   ALS patients cannot afford to wait for the wheels of bureaucracy to  turn. They need our immediate support in the face of this cruel  disease. As the co-chair of the Rare Disease Caucus, I urge my  colleagues to support this critical bill for ALS patients.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1375,  the Provide Accurate Information Directly Act, or the PAID Act.   Medicare secondary payer laws enacted in the 1980s have failed to  stay current with Medicare. Medicare Advantage and part D have changed  the way beneficiaries engage with Medicare and provide an opportunity  for potential secondary payer issues due to a lack of coordination.   The PAID Act allows settling parties to repay MSP amounts and allows  for the coordination of benefits by requiring CMS to share necessary  information. Specifically, the PAID Act authorizes settling parties to  receive the same information CMS currently provides group health plans  about Medicare Advantage and part D plan enrollment information.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this commonsense bill. I  thank the leader, the manager, and also the chairman of the Ways and  Means Committee for their leadership. I appreciate it. This is a really  good bill. Let's get it done.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1375, the Provide  Accurate Information Directly (or PAID) Act.   Medicare Secondary Payer laws enacted in the '80s have failed to stay  current with Medicare. Medicare Advantage (or MA) and Part D have  changed the way beneficiaries engage with Medicare and provide an  opportunity for potential secondary payer issues due to a lack of  coordination.   The PAID Act allows settling parties to repay MSP amounts, and allow  for the coordination of benefits, by requiring CMS to share necessary  information. Specifically, the PAID Act authorizes settling parties to  receive the same information CMS currently provides Group Health Plans  about MA and Part D plan enrollment information.   I urge my colleagues to pass this commonsense bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2477,  the Beneficiary Enrollment Notification and Eligibility Simplification  Act, the BENES Act.   Unfortunately, complex and confusing Medicare enrollment rules  combined with a lack of notification cause tens of thousands of older  adults and people with disabilities to incur lifetime fines, coverage  gaps, and other harmful consequences. This is not fair to our seniors.  With fewer people automatically enrolled in Medicare and 10,000 baby  boomers aging into Medicare each day, more people new to Medicare must  actively enroll in the program.    To address this issue, the BENES Act is here for us. It directs the  Federal Government to provide advance notice to individuals approaching  Medicare eligibility about basic Medicare and Medicare Advantage  enrollment rules.   It directs Part B to begin the first of the month following one's  enrollment during both the later months of their initial enrollment  period and during the general enrollment period, closing coverage gaps.   It also requires HHS to submit a report to Congress on how best to  align the annual general enrollment period with the annual enrollment  period for private Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription  drug plans to reduce confusion.   And it enables HHS to create a Part B special enrollment period for  exceptional circumstances; a provision currently used in Medicare  Advantage and Medicare Part D when people are unable to sign up for  Medicare due to occurrences, like living in an area impacted by a  disaster or emergency.   I thank my colleague, Dr. Ruiz, for his leadership and partnership on  this particular bill.   Madam Speaker, all of these bills are so vital to our seniors, very  important bills, and I am glad we are passing them in a bipartisan  fashion.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues, again, to support this  commonsense protective measure for seniors, veterans, and those living  with disabilities.   