 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Let me just quickly reply to what I think the big difference is  between the two sides. We just heard an eloquent argument about the  financial impact to families if a police officer loses his job, that  they have loss of income. What we are talking about is the loss of love  and support both financially and emotionally to a family when they lose  their father or their mother or their child. So while one side looks at  this as a purely financial or economic problem, we look at it as life  or death.   I also heard them talk about the Senate bill. I won't even go into  the Senate bill. It doesn't ban chokeholds. It doesn't end no-knock  warrants. That bill has about as much teeth as a newborn baby.   But what I will say, Madam Speaker, is that America is burning, and  my colleagues can't see it or they don't want to see it because of  blind loyalty to a self-absorbed leader who lacks the character or  concern to care.   But America is not only burning; America is also weeping. She is  weeping for the victims of excessive force by those sworn to protect  and serve. She is crying for her American leadership to man up to meet  this moment and to write in the laws of this country once and for all  that Black lives do matter.   She is calling on us to act, not to cower to the moment, be wilfully  ignorant, or just deny the ugly facts. Now is not the time for the  quintessential coward or the political hypocrite.   America is crying and America is weeping. If you open your hearts and  your ears and get past the purposeful irrelevant noise, you will then  hear that she is begging for help. Just listen. America is crying for  help just like George Floyd did.   So the real question today is: Will you pretend you didn't see those  horrific 8 minutes and 46 seconds? Will you cower to the white  nationalists or will you continue to only protect life until it is  born?   In church, we are taught that weeping may endure for the night, but  joy cometh in the morning. Colleagues, today we will determine how long  the night lasts, how long the mourning will last, the weeping will  last. How long before we see the joy of the morning? How long before we  make this a more perfect Union?   It is time for results, not rhetoric.   And to the Members on the other side who may have African-American  children, let me just tell you the difference really quickly.    Madam Speaker, let's assume two kids go out at night to  the school dance. When the Black mother is waiting by the phone and the  phone rings and the child says, ``Well, there was a problem,'' and both  kids say, ``We see police lights. The police are on the way,'' the  White mother and parent is going to think help is on the way and feel  relieved; the Black mother is going to get more concerned and say,  ``Just do whatever they tell you, baby. Just come home. No matter how  much they degrade you, just come home.''   There is a difference of policing in this country, and we are just  asking to fix it.   