 Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my strong disappointment in  this legislation.   For months, we have been discussing a bipartisan transportation  package. Both President Trump and leaders in Congress from both parties  expressed their hope that a deal could be struck to repair our  crumbling infrastructure.   Given the rise in unemployment due to COVID-19, now is the perfect  time to invest in infrastructure and create American jobs. But, sadly,  this bill missed this once-in-a-generation opportunity. The Democrats  presented their bill to committee without any input from Republicans  whatsoever, which is clear from the price tag.   Coming out of committee, the bill had a $500 billion price tag  without any way to pay for it, but Democrat leadership has now added an  extra $1 trillion to it. Forty percent of all the money in this package  goes to Green New Deal priorities and fails to include deregulatory  provisions that could easily stimulate the economy and make the  government work for the American people rather than against them.   I offered multiple amendments to make permanent one of the most  efficient Trump policies: the One Federal  [[Page H2926]]  Decision policy for NEPA authorizations.   Currently, major infrastructure projects need to be approved by  multiple agencies and, on average, take 4\1/2\ years to complete.  Experts estimate this costs more than $3.7 trillion in lost employment  and lost economic gain.   Just yesterday, President Trump stated that unnecessary permitting  delays are ``one of the most significant impediments to improving our  infrastructure.'' My amendments would streamline this process by  allowing applicants to deal with one lead agency, rather than several,  and would require NEPA authorizations to be finalized within 2 years.   As we look to recover from COVID-19 and pay off the debt incurred in  responding to the crisis, these are inefficiencies we simply can't  afford to ignore. I urge the House to recommit the bill back to  committee until we can come together and draft a solution that  implements these policies and will provide real relief for the American  people.   Mr. Speaker, Americans are sick and tired of messaging bills.   