 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Dr. Brad Wenstrup for  yielding time to me, and I want to congratulate him and Ms. Sewell for  their strong, bipartisan leadership on this important bill.   I rise today in support of this legislation. The Caribbean Basin  Trade Partnership creates jobs, promotes American values abroad, and  incentivizes beneficiary countries to comply with the economic rule of  law, bolstering their development.   The CBTPA helps these nations grow and create opportunities for their  workers, farmers, and innovators. And in return, it creates a strong  market for us to sell our U.S.-produced yarn and fabrics to apparel  manufacturers in the Caribbean. The program strengthens our hemispheric  manufacturing integration and allows us to compete against China, whose  manufacturers certainly don't care about using U.S. inputs. As a  result, we can sell our goods to more customers, keep prices here  lower, and promote the spirit of free enterprise.   The Caribbean countries are our neighbors, and we should work  together to improve our region's competitiveness.   But we should be here today voting on two trade extensions: the  Caribbean Basin Trade Partnership and the Generalized System of  Preferences.   Both of these programs have bipartisan support. Both of them are set  to expire this year. And if we extend both of them today, our  manufacturers, producers, and consumers would have more certainty right  now.   In the midst of a pandemic, we should be doing everything we can to  offer our job creators certainty, yet Democrats are not including an  extension of GSP in today's vote.   The GSP program reduces tariffs on thousands of products from around  the world. This program saves American families money on everyday  products and boosts America's economy. And in my state of Texas, GSP  brought our consumers and small businesses over $76 million in cost  savings in 2018 alone.   The remainder of the Congressional schedule until GSP expires at the  end of the year is completely unpredictable. We should not leave GSP on  the cutting room floor. GSP deserves to be a bipartisan priority, and I  continue to urge House Democrats to act.   I strongly support today's bill, and I urge bipartisan passage. But  we must continue to work together to get GSP's extension across the  finish line without further delay. Our American businesses cannot  afford to wait.   