 Mr. President, I have my favorite Abraham Lincoln  quotation. One day, he was in the White House with his family and his  staff. His staff said: You have to stay in the White House and win the  war and free the slaves and save the Union, and Lincoln said: No. I  have to go out and get my public opinion bath.   I don't think that too many people in this body are getting their  public opinion baths. They are not seeing the pain out there. They  don't seem to absorb that, one day in August, in my State, as an  example, 600,000 people--just like that--lost their $600-a-week  unemployment insurance. In Wisconsin and Rhode Island, for hundreds of  thousands of people--just like that--their $600-a-week unemployment  insurance expired. They couldn't find jobs. There is massive  unemployment in our States. There are people who are hurting. What are  they to do? If you are just getting by on that $600 a week and if the  money doesn't come and if you can't find a job, what are you to do? How  are you to feed your family?   There is so much anger out there and frustration and futility. People  are hurting. Yet President Trump and Leader McConnell refuse to do  their jobs. We have asked them for weeks and months to come back here  and help us open the schools safely, to help local communities and  local governments, to help unemployed workers, to help people who are  about to lose their apartments--who are about to be evicted. Leader  McConnell says he doesn't have a sense of urgency, and President Trump  just turns his back and makes another speech.   Middle-class and low-income public schools can't open because  McConnell and Trump refuse to do their jobs. Parents and teachers are  under an overwhelming amount of stress. School districts and families  don't have the resources for the additional technology for the safety  precautions they need, so schools either open unsafely or students need  to do distance learning. None of that works for people. State  governments and local communities are looking at massive layoffs, and  small businesses are closing in larger and larger numbers, but Leader  McConnell and President Trump refuse to lift a finger.   The stock market is back up, so they seem to think everything is  fine. They are just oblivious to the families. They are oblivious to  the families who are staring at stacks of bills, who don't know what to  do, and who have no good options.   Yet now, after months of inaction, Leader McConnell gets out of his  office from down the hall, walks down here, makes a speech, and goes  back to his office. He doesn't actually do anything except confirm  young, rightwing judges. He doesn't do anything to help people who have  lost their unemployment. He walks down here, through these doors, and  doesn't do anything to help schools open safely. He doesn't do anything  to prevent layoffs in State and local governments. He doesn't do  anything to help these small businesses which are closing, and some now  have made the decision to close permanently, but Leader McConnell is  willing to drop everything and move Heaven and Earth to put another  corporate shill on the Supreme Court.   Leader McConnell has spent the last 6 months ignoring the pandemic,  ignoring the economic crisis. Now he wants to pack the Court--a Court  that is supposed to serve the American people--with another Justice who  always rules for corporate special interests and always rules against  workers. It will be another Justice who will take away, as Senator  Casey said, Americans' healthcare in the middle of a pandemic.   In my State, 900,000 people have health insurance today because of  the Affordable Care Act--600,000 people because Governor Kasich, a  Republican, and I, a Democrat, helped to expand Medicaid in Ohio. There  are 600,000 people who have insurance because of that. Yet we know this  Court will be hearing a case to overturn the entire Affordable Care Act  in just a few weeks. That insurance could be gone like that.   Leader McConnell and President Trump and their special interest  friends are trying to do what the American people rejected over and  over. They want to take away preexisting condition protections in  Pennsylvania, where Senator Casey said 5.5 million people have  preexisting conditions. In Ohio, 5 million people--essentially half the  adult population--have preexisting conditions, and that was before the  pandemic. So we know, if this Court does what it is likely to do,  especially if Leader McConnell and President Trump can pack the Supreme  Court the way they want to with another special interest, corporate  judge, we know those people's preexisting condition protections will be  gone.   American healthcare is at stake. The American people deserve to have  their voices heard. As Senator Peters said, people are already voting.  As we speak, they are casting ballots. These ballots should count. We  know what Senator McConnell and their wealthy friends want to do. They  want to award more power to themselves, and they want to take it away  from voters   We simply can't stand by and watch a bunch of millionaires with good  healthcare for all--all paid for by taxpayers--who still have  comfortable  [[Page S5767]]  jobs and paychecks, while millions are out of work, and watch them try  to take away people's healthcare and take away their voices in their  own government.   Think about what is at stake. If President Trump gets his way and the  Republican majority obediently obeys Senator McConnell, as they always  do, and Senator McConnell, down the hall, obediently obeys President  Trump--meaning, if McConnell and then almost all of the, shall we say,  spineless Members of this Senate put in place a Justice who will take  away the entire healthcare law and take away the tax credits to help  people afford health insurance--then protections for preexisting  conditions will be gone. Ohio's entire Medicaid expansion for 600,000  people--gone. The ability to stay on your parents' insurance until you  are 26--gone. More affordable prescription drugs for seniors from  closing the doughnut hole--gone. Limits on how much you pay out-of- pocket each year--gone. This will be in South Dakota, in Wisconsin, in  Connecticut, in Rhode Island, in Ohio--all over. Free preventive  services, like mammograms and bone density screenings, will be gone.  The list goes on.   That is why the Affordable Care Act wasn't repealed--because the  American public knew what it did for them, and they said to their  elected officials: Don't repeal it. Yet now we are going to have  legislation from the bench. All of these conservatives on the Court  love to talk about just being constitutional, just being  traditionalists and strict constructionists. No. They want to legislate  from the Court. They want to undo what this body did and then refused  to undo.   That is what is at stake. Five million Ohioans who are under the age  of 65 have preexisting conditions--as I said, half the population of  our State before the coronavirus.   It is not just healthcare. It is the ability to vote. It is workers'  protections on the job. We know at a packing plant in the Presiding  Officer's State--at Smithfield, a plant and a multibillion-dollar  company that is owned by the China Communist Party--it had 1,290-some  workers who were diagnosed with the coronavirus. It was the first time  the administration ever did anything to any company whose workers had  gotten sick with the coronavirus. They fined this multibillion-dollar  China Communist Party company, Smithfield, in the United States, and  South Dakota fined it $13,000. That is $10 for every sick person, for  every sick worker. Those are the kinds of people you will see on the  Supreme Court. They will be protecting those companies.   The freedom to organize a union is at stake. The progress we have  made on equality, on civil rights, and on LGBTQ equality is at stake.  Whether we can bring racial justice to our justice system is at stake.  America's privacy rights in the digital age are at stake. Women's  freedom to make their own healthcare decisions is at stake.   Earlier today, one of my colleagues came to the floor not to try to  get the $600 in unemployment for people who were laid off, not to try  to pass more help for our schools so they could open safely, not to get  more money for testing; my colleague tried to pass yet another  restriction on a woman's ability to get safe, effective healthcare.   It is pretty clear where their priorities lie, and we know what we  need to do. All Americans need to speak out and share their stories.  Make the people who are supposed to serve understand what is at stake  for you and your family--what is at stake by Senator McConnell's and  President Trump's inaction. There will be no help for unemployed  workers, no help to open schools safely, no help for local communities,  no help for the Postal Service, no help to run our elections safely and  honestly. Tell people what is at stake. It is the public who saved the  ACA in 2017, and the public can do it again.   For us in the Senate, it comes back to one question: Whose side are  you on?   Are we going to put money into people's pockets? Are we going to help  people pay their rent? Are we going to finally mobilize America's vast  manufacturing talent and ingenuity to produce the tests and the N95  masks and the other equipment we need and do what Senator Baldwin  advocates, which is to ``buy American'' with these products? Are we  going to get support for our schools and our small businesses and our  local communities or is the Senate going to follow the Trump-McConnell  plan? That means to come out of your office, to walk down the hall, to  open these doors, to go to your chair, to make a speech, and try to  confirm another conservative lifetime judge. Yet don't worry about  unemployment. There are only 600,000 people in my State and only  millions around the country who don't know what to do because they have  lost their unemployment. Don't do anything about opening schools  safely. Don't provide any dollars for local school districts. Don't  help small businesses.   Is that what we are going to do? Is the Senate going to follow that  Trump-McConnell plan? They do nothing there, but then they think: Let's  do something. We will drop everything to grab more power for our  wealthy friends.   People are tired of feeling like no one is on their side. Let's  actually listen to the people whom we serve. Let's make sure their  votes count.   I yield the floor.   