 Mr. Speaker, I just heard my friend from Mississippi  talk about, you know, we shouldn't be dealing with things like this  because the time is not right. His voters just approved medical  marijuana, one of five States that approved it. Arizona didn't barely  pass it; it was 60 percent.   We are not rushing to legalize marijuana; the American people have  already done that. We are here because Congress has failed to deal with  the disastrous war on drugs and do its part for the over 50 million  regular marijuana users in every one of your districts.   We are here because we failed the parents of babies with extreme  seizure disorders and why 10 States have stepped up, because the only  thing that stops those babies from being tortured is medical cannabis.  That is why 10 states have approved provisions like that.   We are here because Congress has failed to deal with our veterans,  whose wounds, seen and unseen, will give them opioids, but we don't  deal with giving them access to something, as Representative Correa  pointed out, dealing with medical cannabis, which is safer than the  opioids we give them, and they suffer opioid deaths at a higher rate  than the general population.   We are here because Congress has failed with research. We want to  have a test for impairment. The 150,000 drivers for beer and wine  wholesalers want to be able to test. But Congress has stood in the way  of research. There is plenty of money; we don't have the authority to  do it.   Speaking of small business, we are here because the Senate has failed  to follow through on a $17 billion industry that doesn't have access to  financial services. It is an invitation to money laundering, to theft,  to tax evasion, for an industry that is pitched by my friend's fellow  Ohioan John Boehner, who is now a spokesman for the industry.   I have worked on this issue for 47 years. I, too, have traveled the  country. I have never met an American who feels that this industry  should pay its taxes with shopping bags full of $20 bills.   We are here because we have failed our children. Children in each of  your districts can get a joint easier than they can get a six-pack of  beer, because no neighborhood drug dealer checks for ID. They don't  have a license to lose. That is why we want to have a system that  regulates, to protect our children. Right now, kids are not protected.  They are victims to a black market that you allow to continue.   We are here because we have failed three generations of Black and  Brown young people, whose lives can be ruined or lost by selective  enforcement of these laws. This legislation will end that disaster.    Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to step up and  do its part. We need to catch up with the rest of the American people.   I want to thank Stephanie Phillips, Tara Sulzen, Willie Smith, Julia  Pomeroy, Amber Ray, Laura Thrift, Jason Little, David Skillman, people  who have been working with me on this for a decade.   I am proud that we are at this moment, and I am proud that we are  going to have an opportunity to approve the MORE Act and for Congress  to step up and do its job so we catch up to your constituents.    Mr. Speaker, this vote on the Marijuana Opportunity  Reinvestment and Expungement (MORE) Act of 2020 is a historic moment  for the millions of Americans caught in the tentacles of the failed  ``war on drugs''. In the midst of growing national dialogue on unjust  law enforcement practices, the MORE Act first and foremost centers  racial justice and comprehensively addresses cannabis prohibition. I am  pleased that the MORE Act has remained a critical component of House  Democrats' plan for addressing systemic racism and advancing criminal  justice reform. We owe it to the American people to pass this bill and  I strongly support this legislation.   In 1970, Congress passed the Controlled Substances Act (CSA) to  establish a comprehensive federal drug policy. As part of that bill,  Congress placed a broad range of drugs among five Schedules, based on  the relative harms of those drugs. Cannabis was placed--temporarily, it  seemed--in Schedule I, while a commission studied the plant to make an  informed recommendation about how it should be treated. Two years  later, the commission recommended that marijuana be removed from  Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act. However, for the past 50  years, that recommendation has been ignored, resulting in a decades- long war on cannabis that has damaged tens of millions of American  lives.   This racially motived policy has led to one of the most shameful  episodes in criminal justice and race relations in America: the  deliberate targeting of Black Americans for selective application of  our cannabis laws. Too often, cases of low-level cannabis possession  escalate to police violence, and Black Americans regularly face  mistreatment at the hands of police because of cannabis.   More than 99 percent of the American population will soon live in a  state where cannabis is legally accessible to some degree yet arrests  for cannabis possession continue in huge numbers. In 2018, the highest  number of arrests were for drug offenses, with cannabis arrests  accounting for more drug arrests in the U.S. than any other drug class.  At almost 700,000, police made more cannabis arrests than all violent  crimes combined.   More concerning than the sheer number of arrests, is the racially  biased enforcement of cannabis laws that is so evident in the stark  disparity in arrest rates between Black and white people for cannabis  possession. Despite similar rates of use, on average, Black people are  almost four times more likely than white people to be arrested for  marijuana. This difference can reach more than 20, 30, 40, or even 50  times at the county level.   People of color are often robbed of their dignity in perpetuity,  because having a felony conviction can impact the ability to get an  education, secure gainful employment, or vote. Ironically, as the  emerging cannabis market blossoms, the cards are frequently stacked  against the very people most victimized by the ``war on drugs,'' who  now want to become entrepreneurs in the legal cannabis market. After  centuries of systemic discrimination in housing, employment, and  education, Black Americans are far less likely to have or be able to  raise the kind of money needed to get involved in the legal market.  Additionally, disproportionate arrest and conviction rates make it  particularly difficult for people of color to enter the legal cannabis  marketplace, as most states bar these individuals from participating.  Minorities, and Black Americans specifically, are now largely missing  out on the economic  [[Page H6839]]  opportunities created by legalization. Sadly, fewer than one-fifth of  cannabis business owners identify as minorities and only approximately  four percent are Black.   The American people have recognized the need to reverse this tragic  mistake. A recent Gallup survey showed that more than two-thirds of  Americans believe that cannabis should be legal. This groundswell of  public support has translated into actual changes in state law. We now  have 15 states, plus the District of Columbia, that have legalized  cannabis for all adults. Moreover, there are 36 states in which medical  cannabis laws allow patients to legally enjoy the benefits of the full  spectrum of the cannabis plant. Some states and municipalities have  taken proactive steps to mitigate inequalities in the legal cannabis  marketplace and ensure equal participation in the emerging market.   The dichotomy between state and federal cannabis laws is the direct  result of Congress ignoring the recommendations of experts nearly 50  years ago. The emperors who made and have kept cannabis illegal at the  federal level were wearing no clothes--and the American people have  called it out. We are now embarrassing ourselves by sitting by and  doing nothing. This bill would not force states to make cannabis legal.  If a state like Idaho wants to continue arresting people for cannabis,  they will have that ability, as much as I may disagree with that  decision. But by removing cannabis from the CSA, which is what this  bill will do, we can remove this one tool of oppression. We can ensure  that individuals who are acting in compliance with sensible state  cannabis laws will not be in violation of federal law, while expanding  cannabis research, broadening access to our veterans, and opening up  banking opportunities.   No bill is perfect, and the MORE Act contains a provision that is  contrary to our legislative intent. Without hesitation, I am committed  to correcting this language to ensure that the millions of Americans,  especially Black and Latino people, who have been most harmed by  cannabis prohibition can participate equally in this emerging industry.  Equity, inclusion and opportunity are fundamental values that must be  at the center of all federal cannabis legislation. This is not the end  of the story, it's the beginning of the next chapter. This is a fight  for racial justice, economic justice, and freedom. This policy is long- overdue.   I have been working on this issue longer than any other politician in  America, and I am thrilled that we are here today. I want to thank  Congresswoman Barbara Lee and her staff, Samira Damavandi and Gregory  Adams, who have worked tirelessly to advance racial justice on this  issue. I also want to thank the many advocates, businesses, and  individuals who have helped us champion the end of cannabis  prohibition. Lastly, I want to thank my team both past and present:  Willie Smith, Laura Thrift, Amber Ray, Danielle Cohen, Sean Ryan, David  Skillman, Stephanie Phillips, and Tara Sulzen.   This is a momentous moment and I am eager for the day this bill is  signed into law.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, first and foremost, I would call my  distinguished friend from Arizona's attention--whose constituents just  approved legalization with a 60 percent margin--to the Rules Committee  Print, which includes new provisions to ensure that employees working  in safety-sensitive transportation positions regulated by the Federal  Government would still be tested for illegal or unauthorized use of  alcohol, marijuana, or other substances.   Now, to be clear, no one wants to have people who are in these  sensitive positions to be operating equipment, but there are several  problems with the gentlewoman's position.   First and foremost, as I pointed out in the course of my  presentation, because the Federal Government interferes with the  research in cannabis, and has for 50 years, there is no good test for  impairment.   Right now, I have heard from employers across the country, who are  deeply concerned because as they test, and there is a trace of  marijuana in the system, it continues for 30 days; long after there is  any impairment. So we  [[Page H6840]]  are having people's jobs jeopardized because we haven't done the  research that would allow us to have a good test.   The MORE Act, in the form that it is here, besides having the  provisions that allow the testing to take place, would strip away the  Federal Government interference with the research so that we can have a  test that takes place.   It is important for employers to be able to have this test. Employers  want to be able to deal with their employees fairly, and they don't  have a good test now. So people are losing their jobs. They can't fill  other jobs because applicants fail drug tests.   It is not that we don't test, the fact is we don't have a good test.  And the Federal prohibition on research stands in the way of this. It  is yet another example of the failed prohibition on cannabis and its  unintended consequences. It prevents being able to make progress to be  able to have effective tests and use them where they are needed.   My friends talk about people having traces of marijuana in their  system in terms of driving stops. There is no indication that just  because there is a trace that that impaired their operation. We don't  have the tests.   That is why we need the MORE Act. That is why we need to reject the  motion to recommit. Unless and until we do the research to be able to  have effective tests to be able to deal with impairment, we are just  chasing our tails. It doesn't solve the problem, and it avoids being  able to take care of it.   I strongly urge rejecting this motion to recommit, passing the MORE  Act so we can do the research, have the tests that employers and  employees want and deserve so we get out of this never-never land of  speculation and be able to actually tell the circumstances and give  people a guidance to be able to get the result that I think we all  want.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   