 Madam President, one of the things that we have really  seen  [[Page S2843]]  during the COVID-19 pandemic is the value of telehealth. As a resident  of a rural State, I have long been a proponent of telehealth for the  access it gives to rural communities.   If you live in a major city, you usually don't have to think too much  about where you will find a doctor if you need one. If you need a  cardiologist, for example, you don't spend a lot of time worrying  whether you will be able to find one within driving distance. In fact,  there is a good chance you will have a choice--a wide range of choices  for cardiologists. If you have a heart attack, you know you are in  reach of at least one hospital and maybe several.   That is not always the case for Americans in rural areas. In the  smallest towns in America, access to specialty care can be a challenge.  The only providers may be a primary care provider, a nurse, or a  pharmacist. These providers are essential to rural families, but  sometimes specialty care is needed. When there isn't a specialist close  by, telehealth can help get these rural providers and their patients  the medical care they need from a remote location through the use of  technology.   The coronavirus has highlighted the fact that telehealth is a  valuable resource for every American. During the pandemic, we have seen  healthcare providers of all types turn to telehealth to continue  serving their patients without running the risk of spreading the virus.  Telehealth has always allowed patients to access a variety of services  that might have been risky to obtain at an office or hospital during  the height of the pandemic.   Telehealth's usefulness will extend long beyond the coronavirus  crisis. While telehealth has particular value for rural areas, rural,  urban, and suburban areas alike experience provider shortages and a  lack of access to care. The Association of American Medical Colleges  estimates that there will be a shortage of up to 122,000 doctors in the  United States by the year 2032. Even in areas without shortages,  telehealth can make life easier for patients by reducing the number of  times that they have to visit a doctor's office for care.   While there will always be a need to see a doctor in person, for many  patients, some office visits can be replaced with telehealth  appointments. That can make a big difference for individuals whose  health requires them to see a doctor frequently. It is also a  convenience for patients in the workforce or caring for children or  other family members who may need to be able to access services quickly  and easily.   I was very pleased when Congress expanded access to telehealth in the  coronavirus relief bills that we passed.   We advanced the principles of value-based insurance design by  allowing high-deductible health plans to cover telehealth services  prior to a beneficiary's reaching his or her deductible.   We also permitted the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human  Services to waive certain Medicare restrictions on telehealth during a  public health emergency, which has been hugely helpful to both seniors  and the providers who care for them. With this waiver authority,  providers can be paid for seeing patients in their homes, regardless of  whether the patient lives in a rural area.   We also expanded the types of services that are reimbursable via  telehealth under Medicare. In addition to video, providers are able to  offer telehealth appointments using audio-only technology, which is  helpful for patients who don't have access to internet or to a smart  device.   Congress's coronavirus legislation also increased telehealth access  for community health centers, rural health clinics, home health  hospice, and home dialysis for the duration of the pandemic.   I would like to see us make many of these measures permanent. I will  be pushing for that in the Senate over the coming months, along with  the CONNECT for Health Act, which I have cosponsored with Senators  Schatz, Wicker, Cardin, Warner, and Hyde-Smith for the last several  Congresses.    This legislation, which influenced many of the Coronavirus Aid,  Relief, and Economic Security Act telehealth provisions, addresses  restrictions that limit the use of telehealth in Medicare, including by  providing waiver authority for the Secretary of Health and Human  Services. In addition, the legislation would remove restrictions that  affect Medicare reimbursement for Indian Health Service and facilitate  the use of telehealth for emergency medical services and mental health  care.   I will also continue to urge passage of the bill I introduced in  March to increase telehealth services in nursing facilities. My  Reducing Unnecessary Senior Hospitalizations Act, or what we call the  RUSH Act, would allow Medicare to establish agreements with a medical  group to provide care to nursing home patients remotely, with the goal  of reducing instances of avoidable trips to the emergency department.  Access to on-demand support from providers equipped to treat seniors  would enable a nursing home's onsite staff to immediately address a  patient's needs without waiting for emergency room transport or for a  doctor to arrive. As a result, patients would be more likely to receive  early intervention and avoid hospital visits, which can pose  significant risk to the elderly, especially, of course, during the  current pandemic.   Reducing the costs that come from untreated medical complications or  expensive emergency room visits would also be a win for taxpayers and  for the Medicare Program. One healthcare provider in my home State of  South Dakota conducted a telehealth pilot program to provide  specialized care to nursing home patients and ended up saving Medicare  more than $342 per beneficiary per month. That is a significant  savings. It is a savings that came from providing nursing home patients  with better and faster care.   One of the many reasons I push so hard to expand access to high-speed  internet in rural areas and to ensure that rural communities have  access to 5G is because of the opportunities this provides for the  expanded use of telehealth, which translates into greater access to  care for rural Americans.   I will continue to do everything I can to make telehealth more  available to underserved patients in rural communities and to the  country as a whole. The coronavirus pandemic has highlighted just how  valuable a resource telehealth can be for literally every American, and  we should ensure that all Americans can access its benefits.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs.  Hyde-Smith).   