 Mr. Speaker, I first want to recognize not  just the hard work of my colleague from Ohio, Representative Marcia  Fudge, but really a lifelong commitment to improving the quality of  education for all of our children across this country, regardless of  your background and experience, regardless of your ZIP Code, and that  is what the Strength in Diversity Act does.   I thank Representative Fudge for her leadership and for giving me an  opportunity to present a portion of this en bloc amendment, the two  amendments that I sponsored and that are part of the en bloc.   Mr. Speaker, I rise, of course, in support of the Strength in  Diversity Act and my amendments to this legislation, which will ensure  that our reforms continue to have an impact well into the future. We  still have work to do to address persistent racial and socioeconomic  disparities that exist in our schools.   According to the 2016 GAO report, 61 percent of all high-poverty  schools were serving majority Black and Hispanic student populations.  The COVID-19 pandemic has further exasperated the racial and  socioeconomic isolation throughout our country and our school systems.   Without proper support, the learning loss will be greatest among low- income Black and Hispanic students during the period of remote  learning. The Strength in Diversity Act will help create a level  playing field by authorizing grants to localities that have significant  achievement gaps and segregation in their schools.   These grants will allow school districts to recruit, hire, and train  additional teachers, administrators, and other instructional and  support staff, knowing that our educators are essential to creating the  world-class education that our children deserve.   My first amendment would allow education systems to use grant funds  to also recruit, hire, and train school counselors. School counselors  serve a vital role in maximizing students' success, working with  students individually and collectively to create an exclusive school  climate.   Numerous studies have shown the value of school counseling for  students in academic and social-emotional development, as well as  college and career readiness. Having the additional support of a school  counselor helps develop well-rounded and prepared students.   But hiring our best talent cannot be the end of our efforts. We need  accountability now and into the future.   The underlying bill requires grantees to submit an annual report to  the Department of Education on their efforts to increase diversity and  meet certain performance measures.   My second amendment requires the annual report to include a  description of how grantees will continue this important work following  the grant period to ensure schools are thinking ahead to the future and  creating sustainable strategies and programs to continue fostering  diversity, inclusion, and achievement.   We cannot task our schools to only address diversity and inclusion  for the duration of a grant. Longstanding issues require long-term,  community-driven solutions. School systems must readjust their  frameworks so that increasing diversity and inclusion is always part of  the conversation and curriculum.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support the en  bloc amendment and the underlying bill.   