 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on Tuesday night, Senator Reed and I had  the honor of filing S. 4049, the 60th annual National Defense  Authorization Act. Think about that--60 years. This is something we are  always pretty confident we will eventually get passed. To me, it is the  most significant bill of the year, and we have been doing it now  successfully for 60 years. It is what we consider every year, and we  know it is going to pass because it has always passed, but it is also  about taking care of our troops and defending our country.   There is a document no one reads anymore. It is called the  Constitution. It talks about what our primary responsibility is, which  is to defend America. We are in a much more dangerous position today  than we have ever been before, so I think it is fitting that we are  doing this ahead of the Fourth of July, our Nation's birthday. We  wouldn't have our freedoms without our men and women in uniform from  the past and present, and that is  [[Page S3193]]  who we are dedicating this to. They are the beneficiaries of what we  are doing as we are the beneficiaries of what they are doing.   It is why we can all come together and finish this bill by next  Thursday, I would still like to say, even though there is opposition to  this. I say that because it would be the last day before the recess  that is coming up, the Fourth of July, and I think it would be good if  we could do it that way. There is a reason for that, but we are also  realistic, and we are not sure we are going to be able to do it, but we  are going to make every effort to do it.   One thing about working with my partner over here, Senator Reed, is  that we have always operated in a very cooperative manner, and we have  supported each other. He answers to his Democratic friends, and we  bring them together because of the relationship that we have on this  committee. So I think there is always a possibility we can get this  done   Both Senator Reed and I would like to use an open amendment process.  This is a process that would allow for all of our Members to come in  and do what they have to do and do what they want to do with regard to  things they want to have in the bill. We were not able to do that over  the last couple of years because we had objections.   One thing about the Senate is that everything operates on the basis  of unanimous consent, so if we have someone who objects, we are unable  to do it. Hopefully, that will not happen again this year, and we will  be able to use the open amendment process.   In having said that, it is not going to be nearly as significant this  year because what we did in this year's bill is to have actually made  an appeal way back in February to our Democrats and Republicans, not  just to those on the Armed Services Committee but to those in the  entire Senate. This last February, we said: Start getting your  amendments ready. Don't wait until the last minute. Get them out there  so we can talk about them and prepare them for ultimate votes. So  people actually started. They were warned at that time that we didn't  want to wait until the last minute to do this. This is the first time  we have been able to successfully do this.   Of all of the items that are in this bill--this bill that I consider  to be the most significant of the year--40 percent of the input came  from our Members of the Senate, and 40 percent of it came from the  administration and the Pentagon, so that all of those things have  already been treated once. Now, I have been around here long enough to  remember when that 40 percent wasn't 40 percent--it was about 6  percent. We didn't get the input of the Members like we do today. We  just operated differently at that time. This is the third year that I  have been involved in this when we have been able to get a higher  percentage of input from the Members. I think that is something that is  working well, and it has already given the Members time to participate.   I will put this a different way. The bill includes nearly 600  requests for amendments from the members of the Armed Services  Committee and almost 200 requests from Senators who are not on the  committee. They are the ones who have put this bill together. With the  Members' input already in there, I am confident that we have a solid  bill that reflects the needs we have and that it will not be as  necessary to have more amendments since that is what we have already  done.   If we want to finish this bill by the end of next week, we will need  to reach a unanimous consent agreement before this Friday. I understand  there may be an objection to this that could happen, or there could be  a change of mind. It is still my hope that this will take place. There  is a reason for that, too, in that the House will be working on its  bill right after we come back from the recess. We are just running out  of time, so we need to get this started.   We are putting in the managers' package a bipartisan set of  amendments that we can all agree on. I ask all of our Members to get  those in by this coming Friday. Even with that, it is going to be  necessary for the staff to work all the way through the weekend to put  it in position. We know we want to complete the first managers'  package, so the amendments will have to be filed. Keep in mind that  Senator Reed and I have that as a deadline for getting those amendments  in.   In recent years, we have been able to consider many amendments on the  floor. As I said earlier, I hope we will be able to do that again, and  it may or may not happen. If a Member has an amendment and wants to  debate it on the floor, we also need to know that the Member desires to  have a debate so that we can work that in.   Lastly, as Members are working through their amendments, please be  thoughtful that we shouldn't get bogged down with a lot of amendments  that have nothing to do with national defense. This is the NDAA, the  National Defense Authorization Act. We should be talking about  military. Yet one of the things that is characteristic about this is  that, for as many years as I have been here and since this is the one  bill that is going to be a must-pass bill and a must-pass bill this  year, the people who were not able to get their bills in or amendments  in on other bills wait until this comes along and try to do this with  amendments. I am discouraging that from happening, and I hope that it  doesn't happen. What is most important here is that we take care of our  men and women in uniform. That is what it is all about. They are all  volunteers, and they are deserving of our support.   Again, my message to Members is to get their amendments filed as soon  as possible. As I noted, this is the 60th annual NDAA. For the last 59  years, Congress has always passed an NDAA on a bipartisan basis. That  is a big deal, and it is not a legacy we take lightly. I have been  privileged to participate in this process as a member of the big four.  I will tell you how that works.   We do our bill, and the House does its bill. We go to conference, but  we are still not able to get together, so they take the big four, which  constitutes the ranking Democrat and Republican in the House and the  ranking Democrat and Republican in the Senate, and the four of us sit  down and get it done. We have done that several times in the past. It  is the stopgap. It is the one last thing that we have to do if we are  not able to do it any other way.   Every year, we are told there are things we can't accomplish. Every  year, we are told there is no way we can find common ground. All of  this happens, but, always, we do it, and our grand, bipartisan  tradition continues just, as it will this year. The reason is simple:  Failure and, worse, failure on the backs of our servicemembers is just  not an option.   While we are doing this, what I will remind everyone is that our  military was hurt pretty badly under the previous administration. I  always admired President Obama. He had a different agenda, and  consequently we had some problems. I would say this: In the last 5  years of his 8-year administration--that would be from 2010 to 2015-- our defense spending dropped by 25 percent. That has never happened  before, and we have been working to rebuild since then. We are not  quite there yet, but we have made great headway. It is easy to cut our  military, to reduce readiness, to slow down production, and all of  that, but it is harder, not to mention slower and more costly, to  rebuild it. That is what we are in the middle of right now.   So that is what this is all about. It is a significant bill, and it  is something we work on all year long. Then it comes time for it to  come to the floor, which is where we are now.   I have to say this: I can't think of anyone I would rather have as a  partner than Senator Reed. Senator Reed and I have worked together for  many years, and we have a way of getting along with each other and of  coming to conclusions and the right decisions. It has been an honor for  me over the years to have worked, as we are this year, with Senator  Reed. We are going to get a good bill done   I yield the floor.    Madam President, let me just make one other comment.   Senator Reed talked about the staff and what the staff has done. When  I talk to people back in Oklahoma about how hard a lot of these people  work, they think of people in government as not caring to really spend  the time and make the effort.   I mentioned a minute ago that our staff is going to be working all  this next weekend, and they have been working every weekend, that I can  remember, to get this thing done.   There are two people in particular--John Bonsell and Liz King. Liz  King is the top adviser and manages things for Senator Reed, and John  Bonsell has done the same thing for me. He actually was my MLA many  years ago. When you see how hard they work and their long hours--early  in the morning until late at night and then on weekends--I just really  want to say, not just of those two individuals but of the people they  have working for them, that I have never seen a harder working group.  Their job, I guess--I say to my friend Senator Reed--is to make us look  good, but they are the ones who do the work.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I  report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in  the Records on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save  the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these  nominations lie at the Secretary's desk for the information of  Senators.   