 Mr. President, I was in Alaska when Judge Amy Coney  Barrett was before the Senate Judiciary Committee, but since then I  have been able to catch up on those hearings. I want to commend my  colleagues, particularly Senator Graham for conducting those hearings  in a way that befitted such an occasion--with respect and good  questioning. I think the American people--certainly my constituents-- learned a lot and were very, very impressed with Judge Barrett.   As you know, the advice and consent responsibility of the Senate is  one of the most important responsibilities we have in the Constitution.  The process that I will have gone through and go through with every  single judge is to evaluate Judge Barrett's qualifications on her  record, the hearings, and, of course, in discussions I have had with  her. This has been an extensive evaluation. I have read hundreds of  pages of the decisions she has authored. I have listened to and read  the views of Alaskans both for and against her nomination. In my  meeting with Judge Barrett, we discussed in great depth her viewpoint  on a variety of national and Alaska-focused legal issues.   She clearly understands the separation of powers and federalism,  holds a healthy skepticism regarding the expansive power of Federal  Agencies, and is a strong protector and proponent of the Second  Amendment--all issues that my constituents care deeply about.   Why are these issues so important to Alaska and central to our  realizing our potential? Let me give a brief but recent example of an  issue that recently made its way to the Ninth Circuit, which often is  the bane of our existence in Alaska, to the Supreme Court not once but  twice, and was unanimously agreed to by the Supreme Court. It is a case  that some of the media here would be familiar with, Sturgeon v. Frost-- a moose hunter, a hovercraft, the wild interior of Alaska. It made for  some great headlines. But the issue being litigated in that case was  one of control, one of freedom--control of our lands, our waters, our  fish, and game. The Federal Government, in essence, told John Sturgeon  he couldn't use his hovercraft on Federal waters to go hunting. ``Yes,  I can,'' said Sturgeon. He knew the law.    Then there was litigation. It is one that comes up time and again in  Alaska--the issue of Federal overreach, agency creep. In Alaska, we  have a front row to this problem.   We have seen it happen to us consistently by the courts-- particularly, as I mentioned, the judges on the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the Ninth Circuit. When they interpret statutes involving my  State--and they are many--Federal statutes can only relate to Alaska in  a way that fits with their ideas and policy notions about the way the  Federal lands in Alaska should be managed. In essence, they typically  think that less control by the people and more control by the  government is what is needed.   But that often is not what Congress wrote and what Congress intended.  It is the absolute opposite of judicial humility, failing to read the  statutes as we, in this body, wrote them. It is failing to exhibit the  kind of textualism that Judge Barrett ascribes to and was so on display  during our hearings.   So why is this important? When the Supreme Court overturned the Ninth  Circuit twice in 3 years, Justice Elena Kagan wrote in her opinion for  the majority in Sturgeon v. Frost that the Federal laws that govern  land management in Alaska are often ``different'' from the laws  governing land management in any other part of the country.   These laws are often carefully crafted by this body and the House,  and they are essential for Alaskans, both culturally and economically.  And when judges misinterpret these laws--as they often do, and this is  what I talked to Judge Barrett about--they often directly impact the  lives of my constituents, usually in a negative way.   Just ask John Sturgeon and countless other Alaskans who, over the  decades, have seen their rights to legally enjoy our lands--and it is  our lands--that they call home whittled away, decision by decision, by  Federal agencies.   Over the years, various Federal agencies have acted as if Federal  laws governing Alaska didn't exist. Commercial use permits weren't  being issued. People couldn't partake in their traditional activities.  They couldn't harvest their traditional foods. Alaskans couldn't make a  living on the land.   I don't know how Judge Barrett would vote on these specific issues,  but I trust her temperament, on great display during the hearings, her  stated skepticism about Federal overreach, her strong belief that the  Second Amendment ``confers an individual right, intimately connected  with the natural right of self-defense.''   I trust what others have said about her on both sides of the aisle:  ``brilliant,'' ``humble,'' ``a woman of unassailable integrity,'' and  ``a role model for generations to come.''   All of this was on display during her hearing and in my meeting with  her, and I trust that all of this will come to play when these kinds of  cases--the Alaska-specific cases--make their way up to the High Court,  which they inevitably do. I don't believe that it is an overstatement  to say that the future of my constituents depends on these kinds of  issues.   It is for these reasons, and others, that I will vote to confirm  Judge Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court, and I encourage all of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same for this  exceptional jurist who is very qualified for this position.   I yield the floor.   