 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Trone for yielding, and I want  to thank our distinguished majority leader for sponsoring this special  hour devoted to honoring the great Senator Sarbanes.   Along with Senator Mikulski, Senator Sarbanes was the first Senator I  ever had. And because he served for 30 years in office, he was actually  my Senator for most of my life already. He will always be, in my mind,  the image of what a Senator is: someone of immense erudition,  character, intelligence, and commitment.   But I got to know him primarily as the father of my friend and now my  colleague,   John Sarbanes, whom I have known since law school, and,  therefore, I have known him for most of my life as well.   I can feel the tremors and the shock of this enormous loss for the  people of Maryland. I feel deeply for my friend John and for Dina, and  for everyone in the Sarbanes family.   I see a lot of his father in   John Sarbanes, just to echo what  Congressman Brown just said. Paul Sarbanes was a family man who loved,  deeply, his children, John, Michael, and Janet, and his big brood of  grandchildren. Nothing brought that famous twinkle to his eye more than  being in the presence of his beloved kids and grandkids. And, of  course, the love story between him and Christine is legendary in our  State.   Paul Sarbanes was a man of exquisite character who loved public  things. He loved public schools, public universities, public parks. He  loved public museums. He loved the res publica, the public thing, and  he thought that there was no greater honor than in being a public  servant.   I remember he once came out and spoke at an event that I had in  Montgomery County, and he said--it really stuck with me. He said, there  are many public goods that we try to protect--clean air, clean water, a  beautiful bay, good schools, smooth roads--but we should never forget  perhaps the greatest public good: the good of being well-governed. This  is what allows us to sleep at night.   And he showed us every day in his career in public life the  difference between being a public servant who instills justice in our  institutions and being one who goes out to exploit public office for  private gain. Those are simply in two different galaxies of human  experience.   He showed us that those of us who aspire and attain the public office  are nothing but the servants of the people in a democracy. We are here  only to serve the people and the common good  [[Page H7030]]  the very best that we can. And the moment that we begin to act like the  masters of the people rather than the servants of the people, that is  the moment to evict and eject and reject and impeach and remove.   Indeed, of the many extraordinary moments in Senator Sarbanes'  career, we should never forget that he was the first one to introduce  Articles of Impeachment against Richard Nixon during the Watergate  affair.   Even in the age of celebrity and the lifestyles of the rich and  famous that he came to inhabit, an age of vast economic inequality and  adoration of wealth, Senator Sarbanes knew what true wealth is, and he  knew what it meant to truly be happy.   He loved the Greek philosophers, of course, and as a Greek-American  philosopher himself, he showed us the meaning of what a lot of the  Greeks tried to demonstrate in their writings.   He was always the poorest Member of the U.S. Senate in financial  terms--nobody even came close, if I remember correctly. Not only did he  not trade in the stock market on a daily basis, I don't even think he  ever invested in the stock market. He had a savings account.   Now, I am recalling this from memory. Perhaps he did end up with a  mutual fund or something.   I know that he was recorded, in term after term, the poorest Member  of the Senate, financially. But Senator Sarbanes knew what true wealth  is: a Sunday night family dinner, the love of your children,  friendships that last over decades across the centuries, the merriment  of little children, the thrill of being able to deliver a Social  Security check or a VA check to someone who couldn't get it, showing  respect for elders, teaching young people the value of education and  hard work, having a wife who is your life partner and your soulmate and  your equal in all things.   A man of extraordinary character and integrity who was interested in  not what was popular, but what was right, Paul Sarbanes, to me,  embodied a certain kind of politician.   When I first got into politics, I quickly recognized two different  kinds of politicians. There were justice politicians and there were  power politicians, and Paul Sarbanes, to me, epitomized what it meant  to be a justice politician.   We, in Maryland, have suffered a great loss with the passing of  Senator Sarbanes, but he has instilled in his family and in his staff  and in everyone who learned from him a love for public things, and we  can continue the passionate mission that he had in his life.   