 Mr. President, this country faces the worst set of  public health and economic crises that we have faced in over 100 years.   As a result of the pandemic, more people than ever before are  becoming infected, right now. Hospitalization is higher than it has  ever been before, right now. And more people are dying than ever  before, literally day after day.   Now, we all hope and pray that the new vaccine will be distributed as  quickly as possible and that it will put an end to this nightmare. But,  today, the truth is that millions of low-income and middle-class  families are suffering in a way that they have not suffered since the  Great Depression of the 1930s.   Today, the reality is that over half of our workers are living  paycheck to paycheck, trying to survive on a starvation wage of 10 or  12 bucks an hour. The reality is that millions of our senior citizens  are trapped in their homes, unable to see their kids or their  grandchildren, unable to go to a grocery store, and many of them are  trying to get by on $12,000-, $14,000-a-year Social Security and scared  that they may come down with the virus and die.   In addition, millions more with disabilities are suffering. Further,  in our country today, one out of four workers is either unemployed or  makes less than $20,000 a year. And in the midst of this pandemic,  because we are the only major country on Earth not to guarantee  healthcare to all people as a right--in the midst of this pandemic, the  worst healthcare crisis in 100 years, over 90 million Americans are  uninsured or underinsured and unable to go to a doctor when they need  to.   Further, we have the worst eviction crisis in modern history. Some 30  million families worry that because they cannot pay their rent, they  may end up out on the street.   That is where we are today economically, and if this country means  anything--if democracy means anything, if the U.S. Government means  anything--it means that we cannot turn our backs on this suffering, not  in Vermont, not in Wisconsin, not in New York, not in any State in this  country where people are hurting in an unprecedented way.   It means that we cannot leave Washington, as Senators, for the  holidays to go back to our families unless we address the pain and  anxiety of other families throughout this country.    I would be happy to yield to the minority leader.    Let me thank the senior Senator from New York, the  Democratic leader, for his strong statement. He is exactly right. In  this kind of crisis, it is comical that suddenly our Republican  friends, once again, discover that we have a deficit. This is a moment  of emergency--of emergency--and we have to respond to the needs of  working families. And I thank Senator Schumer for his strong support  for this legislation.   Members of Congress should also be aware that we are far behind other  major countries in terms of protecting working families during this  pandemic. Not only does every other wealthy country guarantee  healthcare to all people as a human right, almost all of them are  providing far more generous benefits to the unemployed and the  struggling in their countries than we are doing in our country.   Several months ago, I introduced legislation, along with Senator  Kamala Harris--now our Vice President-elect--and Senator Markey that  would, during the course of this economic crisis, provide $2,000 a  month--$2,000 a month--to every working-class person in this country.  And, frankly, that is exactly what we should be doing. But,  unfortunately, given the conservative nature of the Senate, I  understand that is not going to happen.   Yet, at a time of massive income and wealth inequality, as Senator  Schumer just indicated, at a time when huge corporations were making  recordbreaking profits, the Republican leadership here in the Senate  was able to provide over $1 trillion in tax breaks to the 1 percent and  large corporations.   Yes, at a time when climate change--yes, climate change is real-- threatens the entire planet, this Congress was able to provide hundreds  of billions of dollars in corporate welfare to the oil companies and  the gas companies and the coal companies that are exacerbating the  climate crisis.   Yes, just the other day, here in the Senate and in the House,  legislation was passed which would provide $740 billion to the  military--the largest military budget in history, more than the next 10  nations combined. We spend more on the military than the next 10  nations combined.   So we could do all of those things--tax breaks for billionaires,  massive corporate welfare, huge military expenditures--but in the midst  of the worst economic meltdown since the Great Depression, somehow  Congress is unable to respond effectively to the needs of working  families.   As the Presiding Officer may know, I have recently introduced  legislation to provide every working-class American an emergency  payment of at least $1,200, which is $2,400 for a couple and $500 for  each of their children.   This is not a radical idea. This is an idea that is supported by  President Donald Trump. It is an idea that is supported by President- Elect Joe Biden. It is an idea, by the way, that according to a recent  poll, is supported by 75 percent of all Americans, including 77 percent  of Democrats and 72 percent of Republicans.   Further, importantly, this amount of direct payment is exactly what  Congress passed unanimously 9 months ago as part of the $2.2 trillion  CARES Act. Let me repeat. In March, every Member of the House and  Senate, appropriately, including myself, voted to provide a direct  payment of $1,200 for working-class adults, $2,400 for couples, and  $500 for their kids.   That was the right thing to do 9 months ago. And given the fact that  the crisis today is, in many respects, worse than it was 9 months ago,  that is exactly what we should be doing right now.   As a result of the pandemic, the government told restaurants, bars,  retail stores, movie theaters, schools, malls, small businesses all  over this country: Shut your doors. It is too dangerous for you to be  open now. And they did that because that is what the public health  experts said was the right thing to do in order to control this  horrific pandemic.   But what the government has not done is provide the workers who lost  their jobs and lost their incomes as a result of those shutdowns with  the help that they need in order to pay their bills and to survive  economically.   The $600 a week in supplemental unemployment benefits that Congress  passed unanimously in March expired in July--over 5 months ago--and  during that time, the Republican Senate has done nothing to help  working families pay their rent, feed their children, go to a doctor,  or pay for the lifesaving prescription drugs they need. And the Senate  has not done anywhere near enough to provide help for the struggling  small businesses in Vermont and all across this country that are  desperately trying to stay afloat.   Further, as bad as the economy has been in general, it has been far  worse for African Americans and Latinos. During the pandemic, nearly 60  percent of Latino families and 55 percent of African-American families  have either experienced a job loss or a cut in pay.    For 9 months, we have asked tens of millions of working people in  this country to survive on one $1,200 check, with no help for  healthcare, no support for hazard pay, no assistance for rent relief-- absolutely nothing. Meanwhile, I should mention that over the same 9- month period, 651 billionaires in the United States became over $1  trillion richer. A trillion dollars in increased wealth for the very  richest people in our country and one $1,200 check for tens of millions  of Americans desperately trying to survive. That is unconscionable,  that is immoral, and that has to change.   Now, let us recall that way back in May, the House of Representatives  passed the $3.4 trillion Heroes Act, which, among other things,  included $600 a week in supplemental unemployment benefits; another  direct payment of $1,200 for working-class adults and $500 for their  kids; and generous support for small businesses, hospitals, education  facilities, and State and local government. In other words, the House  passed a $3.4 trillion bill that was, in fact, a very serious effort to  address the enormous crises facing our country.   I should also add that in July, several months later, the House  passed another version of the bill, so-called Heroes 2, and this  legislation was for $2.2 trillion.   That same month, in July, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell  proposed a $1.1 trillion bill that also provided a $1,200 direct  payment for working-class adults and $500 for their kids. Then, in  October, Secretary Mnuchin, in negotiations with Speaker Pelosi,  proposed a COVID relief plan for $1.8 trillion. That is Mnuchin  representing the Trump administration.   So in the last number of months, we have had major proposals of $3.4  trillion, $2.2 trillion, $1.8 trillion, and from Majority Leader  McConnell, $1.1 trillion. Yet today, right now, after months of  negotiating by the so-called Gang of 8, we are now down to just $908  billion in legislation, and that includes $560 billion in offsets, in  unused money, from the CARES Act.   So what we are talking about now is going from an original House bill  passed in May calling for $3.4 trillion in new money, down to today  $348 billion  [[Page S7698]]  in new money--roughly 10 percent of what Democrats thought was  originally needed. In my view, the $348 billion in new money that is  included in the proposal now being discussed is totally inadequate  given the nature of the unprecedented crises that we face.   The American people cannot wait any longer. They need economic relief  right now. Their kids are going hungry. They are being evicted from  their homes. They can't go to the doctor. They need help, and they need  it now. Every working-class American needs $1,200 at least, $2,400 for  couples, and $500 for children.   Let me be clear to emphasize a point that Senator Schumer made, and  that is, what I am talking about now is money that must not be taken  from other important priorities like 16 weeks of supplemental  unemployment benefits; aid for small business, nutrition, housing,  education; and the other important provisions in this bill. We need  adequate funding to address the unprecedented crises that we face. We  should not and cannot and must not take from Peter to pay Paul. We  cannot cut unemployment benefits in order to help small business. We  have to do it all, right now.   So, Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S.  5063, which I introduced earlier today, which would provide a $1,200  direct payment to every working-class adult, $2,400 for couples, and  $500 for their children; and that the bill be considered read three  times and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Madam President, the Senator from Wisconsin talks about  Democrats not taking yes for an answer. Let me tell you what we did not  take for an answer. We did not take for an answer the Republican bill,  which did not have a nickel for unemployment benefits. We did not take  yes for an answer for a bill that did not have a nickel for direct  payments.   The Senator from Wisconsin talks about the deficit. Yet the Senator  from Wisconsin voted for over $1 trillion in tax breaks for  billionaires and large, profitable corporations. That is OK.   The Senator from Wisconsin voted for a bloated military budget, $740  billion. That is OK.   The Senator from Wisconsin supports hundreds and hundreds of billions  of dollars in corporate welfare. The Senator from Wisconsin threw out  some numbers. Let me throw out some other numbers. Half of the people  in this country are living paycheck to paycheck. Millions of workers  are trying to survive on starvation wages of 10 or 12 bucks an hour.  Ninety million people are uninsured or underinsured, can't afford to go  to a doctor. Nineteen million families are spending half of their  limited incomes on housing.   Today, we have the most severe hunger crisis in America that we have  had in decades. Children in this country are going hungry while half a  million people are homeless and many millions more fear eviction.   Today, as a result of the pandemic, not only do we have the worst  healthcare crisis in 100 years but the worst economic crisis since the  Great Depression.   I say to my colleague from Wisconsin, yes--I will not support  proposals that do not provide a nickel in unemployment benefits, not a  nickel in direct relief to tens of millions of low-income and middle- income families.   I would hope very much that this Congress appreciates the pain that  is out there and that instead of worrying about tax breaks for  billionaires or corporate welfare, let's pay attention to the needs of  working families, and let us pass legislation which includes $1,200  direct payments to working class families, as we did in the CARES Act,  500 bucks to their kids, and certainly not taking a nickel away from  unemployment and the other important provisions that are currently  being negotiated    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, last week I indicated that it would be  unacceptable for the Senate to recess for the Christmas holidays  without providing substantial direct payments to the working families  of our country and to their children.   Majority Leader McConnell and I do not agree on much, but as I  understand it, we are in agreement on at least one point, and that is  that the Senate cannot go home until the COVID emergency relief bill is  passed. The fact that the majority leader intends to keep the Senate in  session this weekend to continue work on the COVID relief package is  the correct decision.   But let me, at this time, be as clear as I can be. Senator Josh  Hawley, a Republican from Missouri, and I have been working together to  make certain that the working families of this country have a direct  payment of $1,200 for adults and $2,400 for couples and $500 for each  of their children. Let me also be absolutely clear that I will object  to any attempt by the Senate to pass an omnibus appropriations bill and  leave town before passing a COVID relief bill with substantial direct  payments going to working people.   The truth is that the working families of this country today are  probably in a worse economic condition than at any time since the Great  Depression. Millions of people are unable to pay their rent, and they  are worried about being evicted. Hunger is, literally, at the highest  level that it has been in several decades. And in the midst of this  terrible, terrible pandemic, we have tens of millions of people who  cannot afford to go to a doctor. That is unacceptable.   I would say to my colleagues, let's get this package passed. Let's  make certain that we have direct payments to working families of this  country, and with that I would withdraw my objection.   There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint  resolution.   