 Mr. President, March 23--March 23 has been a long time  from this date, and a lot of things have happened in America since  March 23. Over 200,000 American lives have been lost. Millions of  Americans have been infected with the COVID virus. Our families have  changed. Our lives have changed. We have tried to adjust to the worst  pandemic America has seen.   We know that we have fallen short many times in providing the  resources that were needed in a timely way. I can remember in the early  stages of this pandemic when in my State of Illinois there were  desperate phone calls from the Governor asking if I could find some way  to help, in Washington or any other place, to provide protective  equipment for the people in the healthcare field.   We know as well that many people have seen businesses close in their  communities. In my hometown of Springfield, IL, our favorite restaurant  is clinging to its business life, and we are finding excuses to order  food out as often as possible to keep them open. Others haven't been so  lucky. Their businesses are closed, and their jobs have disappeared.   Millions of Americans are drawing unemployment. Many are waiting in  long lines for food. Desperate decisions are being made because people  are in desperate circumstances.   A lot has happened since March 23. The reason I mention that date is  that was the day we passed the CARES Act. It was a momentous, historic  effort--$3 trillion to try to rescue this economy, to help the American  people through this crisis, to provide resources that were needed--and  it was overwhelmingly bipartisan. It passed the Senate by 96 to 0.   Since then, many things have happened. We have also learned that the  CARES Act was not enough. We thought this crisis would end long ago,  and it didn't. Perhaps now with vaccines coming online, we will see  some dramatic changes in the few months ahead, but what are we going to  do in the meantime? Are we going to continue to help those drawing  unemployment? Are we going to continue to help the businesses that are  struggling to survive and to help their employees make it through  another week or another month? Are we going to do what is necessary to  help State and local governments that have seen losses in their  revenues in historic terms? Are we going to take care to provide the  logistical support for the actual vaccinations that are necessary  across America? That question is unanswered because we have done  nothing--virtually nothing--since March 23.   A group of Senators several weeks ago met for a socially distanced,  safe dinner at one of the homes of my colleagues and talked about  another approach--a new approach, a bipartisan approach--to try to deal  with COVID relief. If the leaders were unable to act, perhaps we could  start the conversation.   I signed up for that effort with a number of Republican Senators and  Democratic Senators, and we set out to write a COVID relief bill--with  our staff's help, of course. I didn't realize what I was getting into  in terms of time commitment. We have spent literally hour after hour  after hour, day after day after day--multiple times in a day  sometimes--dealing with the difficult issues of what America needs now  in emergency relief because of this COVID-19 crisis.   We have come to a general conclusion on all but one issue as to what  we would propose, and we believe it should be done quickly. You see, on  December 26, 12 million Americans will lose their unemployment  insurance. Businesses struggling now will close between now and then if  we don't do something.   Unfortunately, the speech given by the Republican leader on the floor  this morning suggests that whatever we came up with and proposed is not  going to be taken seriously. That is unfortunate. I think there is real  wisdom, bipartisan compromise in our proposal.   It is within the power of the Republican leader to call this matter  to the floor, and that is all we ask. Make it subject to amendments, if  you wish, but let's get this debate underway. This silent, empty  Chamber is no answer to the cries of American people who are desperate  for help in the midst of this pandemic. Political posturing and press  releases from one side or the other won't put food on the table, won't  give a father peace of mind, won't give a mother the help she needs  with childcare, won't give a student the broadband service they need to  continue their education.   There is an issue that still is unresolved, and it is the issue of  liability. We don't know what to do with that, but we ought to look at  the evidence. So far in this calendar year, with 15 million people  infected with COVID-19, fewer than 3 lawsuits per State--3 per State-- have been filed in medical malpractice or consumer personal injury  claims. There are a lot of other lawsuits between businesses and with  insurance companies--by prisoners in jail saying that their confinement  is dangerous to their health, people filing lawsuits against Governors  for issuing orders to stay at home and close down businesses--but when  it comes to the personal injury claims, there are very few. Very few.   We know why--those of us who have been involved in the practice of  law. One of the things that you have to prove to recover in a case is  causation. That is rare in a case dealing with coronavirus, to be able  to pinpoint exactly when you became infected and what the circumstances  are. That is why so few lawsuits have been filed.   The Senator from Kentucky is insisting that there be immunity to  liability as part of any agreement. It is a thorny topic, a difficult  topic, a controversial topic, but I plead with him to hold to another  day the overall issue of liability. Accept this emergency bill that we  have put together as a bipartisan group of Senators to address this  issue in the reality of the world we live in. To hold it back because  of some other major issue that has not been resolved is unfair to  American families and workers and students and health workers. We owe  it to them to do everything in our power to help them now.   How can we in good conscience go home for Christmas knowing that the  day after Christmas, 12 million Americans will see their unemployment  insurance disappear because of our inability to act? What kind of  spirit is that of any holiday season? I think we need to be mindful of  the fact that there are a lot of helpless people counting on us to do  something.   I hope we realize that this bipartisan effort put together by a group  of Senators, which I have been honored to be part of, is a good-faith  effort to answer the basic questions of what is needed now in America  and what is needed on an emergency basis. It is a good bill--far from  perfect. It deserves a vote on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   If Senator McConnell has another proposal that he wants to put on the  floor as well, he certainly has that right as the majority leader, but  to close the door on this bipartisan effort is to reject a good-faith  undertaking by Senators from both sides of the aisle, Democrats and  Republicans.   I plead with the majority leader, let's not claim some political  victory when this is all over at the expense of a lot of helpless  people across America who are battling this pandemic   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    Mr. President, there is something about this Doug Jones.  From the earliest stages in his life, he knew he was going to be a  little bit different.   When I grew up in East St. Louis, IL, it was expected that my  childhood hero would be St. Louis Cardinals great Stan ``the Man''  Musial. But when you grew up in Fairfield, AL--also a baseball fan as a  boy--it turned out that your childhood heroes included Joe DiMaggio,  Roger Maris, and Mickey Mantle. I am not sure how that goes over in the  Deep South, to say that you are rooting for a team called the Yankees.  But you did it, and you knew from the start, in your youth, that you  were willing to strike out and do the radical, controversial thing.   You were 9 years old in September 1963 when four members of the Ku  Klux Klan bombed the 16th Street Baptist Church in nearby Birmingham,  killing four innocent, young girls who were not much older than you  were. Fourteen years later, you were an idealistic, young law student  who skipped class to sit in on the trial of the ringleader of that  church bombing. You were mesmerized when listening to Alabama's then- attorney general--the lead prosecutor in the case--tell the jury: ``It  is never too late for justice.'' The jury agreed and convicted the  bomber.   You would go on to marry Louise, and God blessed you with three  beautiful children--two sons and a daughter. Yet the memories of those  four little girls who were killed in their church never left you.   In his eulogy for the four fallen girls, Dr. Martin Luther King said  that the girls ``say to each of us, Black and White alike, that we must  substitute courage for caution. They say to us that we must be  concerned not merely about who murdered them but about the system, the  way of life, and the philosophy which produced the murderers. Their  deaths say to us that we must work passionately and unrelentingly for  the realization of the American dream.'   I am sure a lot of people heard those words and nodded, but you heard  those words, and you were inspired. In 2001, as the U.S. attorney for  the Northern District of Alabama, you led the successful effort to try  and convict the remaining two coconspirators in the church bombing.  Both men were sentenced to life in prison.   In that same office, you coordinated a joint State-Federal task force  that led to the indictment of domestic terrorist Eric Rudolph. You  advocated that Rudolph should stand trial first in Birmingham for the  deadly bombing in that city of a women's health center before being  tried in Atlanta for the Centennial Olympic Park bombing. All told,  these and other bombings killed 2 people and injured more than 150.  Rudolph pleaded guilty and was sentenced to four life terms in prison  because of your commitment.   I was honored, during the course of the campaign, Doug, to do a joint  fundraiser with you and Louise and Loretta, my wife. I got to sit out  on my deck in Springfield and listen to Jason Isbell and Joe Walsh. It  was a lot of fun that night. Sometimes campaigns are fun. It certainly  was to be with you and Louise on that particular night.   I want to close by saying that you shocked me on the floor of the  Senate with your first speech. I couldn't believe that this new Senator  from the State of Alabama would give a speech about guns and gun  violence. It really told me all I needed to know about you right then  and there. You are willing to stick out your neck for something you  believe in, even if it is going to be controversial and even if you are  going to catch hell for it, because you believe in it sincerely.   I know you are a proud hunter and gun owner, and there is no question  in my mind about your views on that issue. Yet, after the Pulse  nightclub shooting in Orlando, FL, that took the lives of 49 young men  and women--one of the worst mass shootings in the Nation's history--you  supported tighter background checks for gun sales and raising the age  requirement to purchase a semiautomatic weapon.   I want to personally thank you, as well, for showing exceptional  political courage in cosponsoring my DACA legislation in the Dream Act.  I will never forget it.   I am also proud that you were an original cosponsor of Justice in  Policing. That wasn't an easy one either for anybody and for you  especially, but you stood up for what you believed in. That is  legislation that I joined in introducing with our friend Cory Booker  and soon-to-be Vice President Kamala Harris.   So you have left your mark. It may seem like a short time in the  Senate, but there are those who have served for much longer who have a  lot less to show for it. You told us who you were on your first day,  and you proved it every day thereafter. It has been an honor to count  you as a colleague. I know that you are going to continue to find ways  to bend that moral arc of the universe toward justice, and I look  forward to supporting you in every way that I can in that goal. I wish  you the best.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.   