 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to a completely  partisan bill in H.R. 2546, legislation that grows the reach of the  Federal Government and strong-arms local stakeholders.   To my colleagues in California and Colorado who are involuntarily  affected by this legislation, I stand with you.   Like them, I represent a vast district with significant Federal  lands. Minnesota's Eighth Congressional District is the size of West  Virginia. It features two national forests, a national park, a wild and  scenic river, and a wilderness area.   Like them, I have a colleague from an urban area in my State  legislating in my district, as if they know what is best for our  constituents and we don't.    About a month ago, a colleague representing part of the Twin Cities  area of Minneapolis-Saint Paul introduced a mineral withdrawal, putting  over 235,000 acres off-limits. In northern Minnesota, the Range  Association of Municipalities and Schools sharply rebuked this  legislation, as the bill promises to deprive schools of millions of  dollars in potential revenue.   In Colorado, H.R. 2546 is opposed by Mesa, Garfield, and Montezuma  Counties because of their concern about the impacts this expansion can  have on their rural communities.   What many in Washington, D.C., and Representatives of urban areas  fail to recognize is how much this bill affects the daily lives of  rural constituencies.   For example, this bill will disallow proper forest management. Why  not let our loggers clear the timber that leads to forest fires?   It will disallow recreational activities like mountain biking. Why  would we stop activities like that that help grow our local tourism  industries?   The National Guard Bureau is concerned about the high-altitude  training in this area. Why would we impede the readiness of our  military?   Mr. Chairman, the trend of rejecting the input of local Members of  Congress and local stakeholders is troubling. Whether it be in  California, Colorado, or my great State of Minnesota, all our  constituents ask for is to have a seat at the table and their voices  heard.   Please oppose this bill and send a message that locals affected by  Washington, D.C., legislation need to be heard.   