 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Coronavirus Aid,  Relief, and Economic Security Act.   The coronavirus has changed our lives. Hospitals are being  overwhelmed, businesses are closing, and the American people are  anxious of getting COVID-19 or losing a loved one to the disease.   Workers are asking: When will I be able to go back to work? How will  I be able to pay my bills?   Small business owners are asking: can my business stay afloat?   In my own community, California's 36th district, I have heard from  single mothers who are worried about how they will pay their rent,  workers who have been laid off and wondering how will they put food on  their table, and small business owners who cannot afford to pay their  employees or even their rent.   That is why we must pass the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic  Security Act immediately.   The bipartisan CARES Act will help American families, workers, and  businesses through this uncertain and tumultuous time by: providing  $1200 in direct payments to individuals and $2400 for families, and  $500 for every child; expanding unemployment insurance benefits to  match the average paycheck of laid off or furloughed workers; providing  $377 billion dollars in relief for small businesses; investing $200  billion in our hospitals, health care infrastructure, and research,  among other things.  [[Page H1862]]    By passing this bill, we are telling the small business owner that  help is on the way. We are telling the health care workers that we  support you. We are telling the single mother who is now unemployed  that you are not alone, that we are fighting for you, and that  together, we will get through this.   The American people need a comprehensive, whole-of-government  response to keep our nation safe.   That is why I urge the House to immediately and unanimously pass the  CARES Act to help fight the spread of the virus, provide financial  security to American families and businesses, and ultimately, save  lives.   