 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today the Senate will take the first  steps toward passing the great American Outdoors Act, with the vote to  invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to the House bill, which will  be used as the underlying legislative vehicle.   The majority of my Senate colleagues have cosponsored this bill, and  we have an incredible opportunity to enact this important bipartisan  legislation.   I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge that our Nation is in  turmoil and hurting. We are still very much in the midst of both a  health and economic crisis, and this weekend we saw millions of people  join peaceful demonstrations in communities across the country.   It is so important that we in Congress take action, and I am so  pleased that we have returned to legislating. There is no shortage of  important business for us to address as a body.   The Great American Outdoors Act will create jobs while protecting and  expanding access to the great outdoors across our country for everyone,  whether that be hunting, fishing, or hiking in the Monongahela National  Forest in my great State of West Virginia or rafting down the Gauley  River or learning about Civil War history--just to give a few examples  of what my home State of West Virginia has to offer.   This is a legacy that we can all pass down to our grandchildren and  generations to come, and it has been a long time coming.   I want to thank my good friend Senator Lisa Murkowski for working  with us through the committee process. I would also like to thank my  colleagues, Senators Gardner, Warner, Daines, Cantwell, Portman, King,  Alexander, and Heinrich, for their work over many years on the Land and  Water Conservation Fund--or as we call it, LWCF--and deferred  maintenance bills that are now joined together in the Great American  Outdoors Act.   This bill would realize a goal that so many of us in this body have  fought hard to attain for so long, to provide permanent, mandatory  funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund at its fully  authorized level of $900 million annually.   Last year, the Senate passed a public lands package by an  overwhelming vote of 92 to 8 that permanently authorized the LWCF--the  most successful land conservation program in our Nation's history. A  vote that bipartisan is, unfortunately, unheard of today and speaks to  the overwhelming popularity of conservation programs in every State in  the country.   The day after we secured permanent authorization of the Land and  Water Conservation Fund, we made it clear that our next hurdle was  achieving mandatory full funding. The Great American Outdoors Act  includes the mandatory LWCF funding bill that I introduced, along with  a lot of help from all my friends on both the Democratic and Republican  sides.   We had strong bipartisan support for mandatory LWCF funding, with the  majority of the Senate cosponsoring the bill, and a strong bipartisan  vote coming out of committee.   We need to secure this funding because since the LWCF was established  55 years ago, over $22 billion--think about that--over $22 billion has  been deposited in the LWCF fund but was never appropriated and instead  went into the Treasury.   Although every State and territory and almost every county has  benefited from LWCF, it has been fully funded only twice in the 55-year  history--only twice have we gotten full funding. Think what we could  have done with that $22 billion.   Despite that, LWCF has been able to do wonderful things with the  funds that have been appropriated, which in recent years have been at  half of the authorized funding level and, in previous years, less than  that. Just imagine what we can achieve for our country with this full  funding.   The LWCF is the primary conservation funding tool that helps provide  public access for hunting and fishing and recreational use of public  lands. It also helps fund State and local parks. It helps maintain  working forests through the Forest Legacy Program. It protects historic  battlefields through the American Battlefield Protection Program, and  it helps landowners voluntarily protect habitats for endangered  species.   Permanent LWCF funding will improve access to public lands, improving  [[Page S2754]]  access to hunting and fishing opportunities, and will ensure the  program remains an important contributor to a strong and growing  outdoor recreation economy that will benefit State and local economies  throughout our Nation.   A recent analysis from Boston University shows that at full funding  of $900 million a year, the LWCF could support approximately 15,000 to  28,000 jobs at a time when our country needs them most.   Passing permanent LWCF authorization last year was an important step,  and we are so close to realizing the ultimate goal of fully fulfilling  the original intent of the LWCF Program and securing a permanent,  dedicated funding source for the multiple conservation programs funded  by the LWCF.   The Great American Outdoors Act also includes $9.5 billion for  deferred maintenance projects on Federal lands, with 70 percent of that  amount dedicated to our national parks. Senators Portman, Warner,  Alexander, King, and many others worked so hard on that original  legislation, and I was proud to cosponsor and support as it went  through the Senate's Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. The  legislation will be the most significant reduction ever in eliminating  a major portion of the deferred maintenance backlog of our national  parks and public lands.   The impact of failing to fund our national parks and maintenance for  so long is clear to see. Last year, I visited Pearl Harbor with my  family, and I was incredibly disappointed to see the state of disrepair  it was in. There were faded and torn signs and audio displays and  lights that were not working. It was an embarrassment.   The infrastructure projects that will be funded through this bill are  critical to protecting many of our national treasures. The LWCF funding  will provide a significant benefit to the national outdoor recreation  economy. Investing in deferred maintenance projects will create over  40,000 direct jobs and over 100,000 total jobs, and that is just for  deferred maintenance projects in our national parks. This bill also  includes funding for deferred maintenance projects at other land  management agencies and Bureau of Indian Education schools.   The Great American Outdoors Act will help us to be good stewards of  our public lands while, at the same time, creating thousands of new  jobs--a bipartisan win-win, which we should have more of. We have  broad, bipartisan support, with 60 Senators signing on, which is  representative of how important these bills are to every State and  every county in every State. We have support from the administration  and unwavering support from over 900 conservation and sportsmen groups  throughout the Nation. It is a shining example of Democrats and  Republicans coming together to put politics aside to do what is best  for conserving the natural resources of this great Nation.   The passage of this bill will be an historic achievement, and I  believe this will be one of the most significant conservation bills  ever enacted into law. What a legacy all of us can walk away with and  look at our children and grandchildren, knowing that we have helped  protect our wonderful national parks and outdoor recreation  opportunities. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in voting yes to  invoke cloture this evening and begin consideration of the Great  American Outdoors Act.   