 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, if you follow the U.S. Senate, which, of  course, many of us do, there was a noteworthy moment this morning. It  was actually a prayer by our Chaplain, Barry Black. In that prayer, he  acknowledged and called for the blessings of God on the President-Elect  Joe Biden and Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris.   The reason that was noteworthy is that has been a contested issue  among politicians on Capitol Hill for weeks as to whether or not Joe  Biden could be described as President-elect. Many have stepped forward  and said yes, but many resisted. The acknowledgement by the Chaplain  caught me a little by surprise this morning. And I came to the floor to  hear the Republican leader, Senator McConnell, go through an accounting  of the Trump Presidency and all of his achievements and then concluded  by acknowledging as well that we have a President-elect in Joe Biden. I  believe that that reflected the reality of the November 3 election and  the finality of the electoral college decisions being made across the  Nation in so many States.   I thank those who have stepped forward to acknowledge the reality of  a new President and hope that they will join me in an effort to do our  best to make certain that his tenure is a success, not just for him  personally and the Vice President but for our Nation. We deserve  nothing less.   It is a long story, these last few weeks since November 3 and what  has happened across America. I don't think anyone could have predicted  that we would see the divisive reaction that we have seen, nor could  anyone have predicted what happened yesterday. Some States had to take  extraordinary measures to protect electoral college electors--what used  to be a routine, somewhat tedious and boring mission. It resulted in  the closing of legislative  [[Page S7475]]  buildings in Michigan to the public and, according to press reports,  credible threats of violence. In Arizona, electors met in an  undisclosed location to safely cast their votes. These measures  followed a last-ditch effort by 17 Republican attorneys general and  more than half of the House Republican caucus joining in a lawsuit and  accompanying an amicus brief before the Supreme Court, which incredibly  argued that the Court should nullify the votes of more than 20 million  Americans. These ludicrous arguments couldn't hide the true  justification for joining this effort to undermine our democracy. The  people who were protesting simply don't like the results of the 2020  election, and they don't want to turn their backs on President Trump.   The conservative-leaning Supreme Court summarily dismissed this  effort outright, rejecting the lawsuit in an order on Friday evening,  wasting no time in doing it. Despite repeated and forceful judicial  rejections of their baseless allegations of fraud at attempts to  nullify the votes of Americans, only 27 Congressional Republicans would  publicly acknowledge the obvious President-elect of the United States,  Joe Biden, as of last week.    Now that the electoral college has spoken, more Congressional  Republicans are finally stepping up. The fact that it took 6 weeks for  my colleagues to recognize reality and stop undermining our Democratic  process is sad and disappointing. When we were sworn in as Members of  Congress, we took a simple oath: support and defend the Constitution of  the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. It is not  an oath to one person, nor one President; it is not conditional if one  receives enough angry phone calls; it is not dependent on whether the  responsibilities are difficult; and it is certainly not optional if one  has to face a more challenging electorate. And yet, with the exception  of only a few in this Senate Chamber, the silence in upholding this  oath in the face of President Trump's blatant attempts to undermine our  democracy has been overwhelming.   Just compare it to the courage shown by State and local election  officials across the United States, including many Republicans, who  always hasten to add that they had voted for President Trump; they were  disappointed in the election of Joe Biden; but the election in their  State, by their measure, was honest and fair. They don't enjoy the  perks or protections we have here in Congress, but they stepped up and  spoke up, and I respect them for it--proud Americans of both parties  under personal threat for their integrity and defending an American  election that the President of the United States wants overturned.   Senator Murphy, the junior Senator from Connecticut, came to the  floor on Friday and spoke eloquently about this threat to American  democracy that has been playing out in plain sight--the blatant and  shameful attempt to use the power of the Presidency to overturn a free  and fair election, an election which is the foundation of our  democracy. Senator Murphy reminded us about the fragility of our  democracy and how it should never ever be taken for granted. He warned  about collaborating in silence as these efforts are made to destroy it.  ``How Democracies Die.'' The poignant remarks and the outrageous  actions of recent weeks reminded me of a dinner I hosted with the  authors of a powerful book, ``How Democracies Die.'' The authors,  Steven Levitsky and Daniel Ziblatt, detail examples in which  democracies are weakened, collapsed, and even destroyed. I recommend it  as urgent reading to my colleagues in the Senate at this moment in our  history. They highlighted the critical role of established political  leaders in standing up, or failing to stand up, in key moments when  events or persons threaten their democracies.   Venezuela, in the early 1990s--the key establishment party leader  opportunistically sided with Hugo Chavez after a coup attempt,  devastatingly, giving Chavez critical legitimacy he then used to gain  power and bring his country to its current state of decline. I believe  we have such a moment here that demands leaders of both parties to  carry out their oaths of office and defend our treasured democracy.  Quite simply, silence is unacceptable.   I am glad for what Senator McConnell said this morning on the floor  of the Senate. Perhaps Chaplain Black inspired him and will inspire  others to step up and speak the truth.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.   