 Mr. Speaker, President Trump's strategy to  counter Iran has failed. He has allowed Iran to restart its nuclear  weapons program, disrupted our operations countering ISIS, continues to  undermine our relationship with NATO allies, and has led America to the  brink of a new and unnecessary war.   As someone who served in Iraq, I understand the costs of war, how our  soldiers put their lives on the line, and the impact these decisions  have on military families.   Our Founders entrusted Congress with the responsibility to declare  war. Congress owes it to the American people and our men and women in  uniform to carry out that responsibility.   It is time for Congress to declare that war with Iran is not in the  best interest of the American people. It is time for Congress to repeal  the 2002 AUMF and dramatically restrict the 2001 AUMF. And until we can  do that, we must prevent the President from unilaterally committing the  United States to another war in the Middle East.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I  may consume.   I want to first thank Chairman Pallone, Chairman Tonko, and  Congresswoman Dingell for this comprehensive package.   We know PFAS-related substances remain in our bodies and environment  for years, if not decades. Coupled with widespread consumer use and  pollution, PFAS toxins could result in long-lasting public health  problems.   This legislation confronts PFAS contamination, spurs cleanup efforts,  and sets a drinking water limit. It is critical for government agencies  to inform the public of the risk posed by PFAS-related substances.   My amendment would require the EPA to develop a national risk  communication strategy to share the best  [[Page H137]]  available science about PFAS and its hazards, notify the public about  risks and mitigation measures, and consult with States with effective  statewide risk communication strategies of their own.   In my home State of Maryland, PFAS has been identified in the water  at eight DOD installations, tainting neighboring communities' local  wells and seeping into the Chesapeake Bay watershed. I am proud that  Maryland is committed to PFAS transparency and research and is taking  this issue seriously.   Mr. Chair, there are some communities that are especially vulnerable  to PFAS exposure, among them, firefighters at military installations.  To stop the spread of fire at training sites, fire departments use a  type of firefighting foam that contains PFAS-related substances.   Over the course of their careers, these firefighters put themselves  in harm's way, unaware of the toxicity of these chemicals and the  health issues they can cause down the road. We owe these servicemen and  -women an unrecoverable debt, and it is our duty to communicate to them  the hazards that they were exposed to while risking their lives  protecting the public.   Whether it is former firefighters, military families living on bases,  or the American people at large, the exchange of information between  communities, risk assessors, and scientists is critical.   As we continue to learn more about the full range of health problems  linked to PFAS, we must also communicate that risk to the public.  Sharing this risk, the knowledge of the risk, is an important step to  give the public the resources they need to defend against PFAS  contamination and the adverse health impacts it can cause.   Madam Chair, I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this amendment and the underlying bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield such time as she may  consume to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   