 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from North  Carolina. I thank him particularly for his help in shepherding this  bill through the committee.   I am grateful, too, to our late, good friend Elijah Cummings for his  support and the opportunity to thank him on the floor for his service  in the House.   Also, I thank my good friend from Michigan (Mrs. Lawrence) for her  support of this measure.   Mr. Speaker, in 1919, American doughboys returning from the European  front and its brutality were committed to benefiting from the  opportunity and liberty they secured at great risk and sacrifice to  themselves. Many took that commitment to autonomy and freedom home to  small towns and communities and homesteads where their families and  livelihoods remained.   Just over 100 years ago, as September bled over into October in 1919,  few eyes in this country were turned to a small agrarian community in  northeast Arkansas. There, Black sharecroppers, spurred in part by the  tales of opportunity and liberty spun by these returning brave veterans  of the war to end all wars, dared to discuss fair pay for their crops.   To this day, an accurate account of the tragic loss of life that took  place during the Elaine massacre, when White mobs killed more than 100  African Americans, remains widely unknown.   But one of the heroic stories that emerged from the ashes of the  Elaine massacre was that of Scipio Africanus Jones, one of the great  lawyers in Arkansas history. Jones' skillful legal defense saved the  lives of 12 unfairly charged sharecroppers from the Elaine massacre who  were originally sentenced to death by an Arkansas State court.   Jones' actions resulted in the landmark Supreme Court decision in  Moore v. Dempsey, establishing that Federal courts could review  criminal convictions in State courts under the Due Process Clause of  the Fourteenth Amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this legislation today that I have  sponsored to honor his legacy, the Scipio A. Jones Post Office Portrait  Act, is being considered on the House floor.   Today's measure is a simple one. It authorizes a portrait of Scipio  Jones to be displayed at the U.S. Post Office in Little Rock, Arkansas,  that bears his name. It has the support of the entire Arkansas  delegation.   Scipio Jones' fight for civil rights and equality is an important  part of Arkansas' history and something that we are deeply proud of in  our State.   The Elaine massacre had a profound impact on the soul of our State  that can be felt a century later. However, history always teaches us  that we can learn from our past. We have an opportunity, today, with  this legislation, to write a new chapter on Arkansas history that  recognizes the legacy of the tragedy, honors the victims, and seeks to  heal longstanding wounds. I am delighted to draft and sponsor this bill  that helps accomplish that goal.   Our friend from North Carolina, the late Elijah Cummings, I am  grateful for their help and the staff of the Committee on Oversight and  Reform. I appreciate it for the quick markup, and I am grateful for the  support.   Mr. Speaker, I urge this measure's passage.   