 Madam Speaker, I rise today in  opposition to H.R. 1425.   To be honest, I am a little bit baffled. We are in the midst of a  global pandemic the likes of which this world has not seen in over 100  years, but sadly enough, my Democratic colleagues think it is a good  idea to pass a law that would handcuff the ability of industry to  create a vaccine and medicines to fight this disease.   Are you kidding me?   The price controls and regulations proposed in this bill completely  eliminate any incentive for these drug developers to spend money to  invent new drugs. Can you imagine any company, pharmaceutical or not,  being taxed at the rate of 65 to 95 percent of what they make?   We need the next remdesivir or dexamethazone to save people's lives,  and such policy would not allow this to happen.   What has happened in the past because of overregulation of industry  in the U.S.? These companies have left the U.S. and gone where? Gone to  China. How has that worked out for us during this pandemic? China has  thus had a stranglehold on this Nation when it comes to the drugs that  we need.   At a time of national consensus that we need to purchase fewer drugs  from China, the Democrats want to ensure that more of them are  developed there and that we have to respond to them. This is insanity.   Madam Speaker, make no mistake: I absolutely do agree that the costs  of drugs in this country are too high. I am a physician. I still  practice. I still see patients when we are back in our districts, and  this is their number one complaint. But there are bipartisan and  commonsense measures that we can implement to decrease the cost of  drugs.   Like I have said many times before, if we want to lower the cost of  drugs, we need pharmacy benefit manager reform. We are the only country  in the world that allows these middlemen to drive up costs. They cost  this Nation over $800 million a year in unnecessary drug costs.   This is a bipartisan and commonsense reform, rather than this  nonsense  [[Page H2635]]  legislation, that we can work on together to decrease the cost of  drugs.   