 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss S. 2827, the  African-American Burial Grounds Network Act, introduced by Senator  Alexander from Tennessee and me.   We know that for too long and in too many parts of our country, Black  families were blocked from burying their loved ones in White  cemeteries. These men and women were freed slaves, civil rights  champions, veterans, mothers, fathers, and active workers in  communities.   Our bill is simple. It directs the National Park Service to conduct a  study on ways to identify and preserve and record unmarked, abandoned,  or other historic African-American burial grounds.   We need to act now before these sites are lost to the ravages of time  or development.   In an op-ed published in the Memphis Commercial Appeal, Senator  Alexander summed up the need for bills like ours: ``Our children need  to learn more history in order to grow up knowing what it means to be  an American, including our struggle with race.''   For more than two centuries, these cemeteries have been looked after  by churches, community groups, and private citizens. I learned about  these efforts and the struggle to preserve these sacred places when I  visited Union Baptist Church in Cincinnati, where parishioners have  worked to preserve their hallowed space from vandals and the inexorable  passage of time.   The cemetery I visited in Cincinnati was founded in 1864. It is a  final resting place for freed slaves, for Black Union soldiers, and for  civil rights activists.   I was there last November on a very cold morning, I remember, with  Ms. Angelita Jones, chair of the trustee board for Union Baptist  Church, and other elected officials in the city and members of the  church, to announce funding to help restore the cemetery. But there is  more to do at this cemetery and so many more like it across the  country.   Our bill will help us better understand the scope and the scale of  the issue and develop the tools needed to help churches, historic  organizations, and communities to protect these sacred burial grounds.   I would like to take a minute, as we move this legislation forward-- and I appreciate the cooperation of the people on all sides--to thank  Senator Alexander for his help with this bill. In fact, almost 3 years  ago to the day--it was almost exactly this day; I believe it was  December 21, 2017--our bill to create an African American Civil Rights  Network passed this Chamber. His interest in and awareness of  protecting and preserving our history and the contributions to it by  all Americans are so important.   He has been a champion for so many issues that I have had the  pleasure to work with him on over the years, from protecting the Smokey  Mountains to STEM education, to helping me find funding for cleanup  efforts at a former uranium enrichment plant in Southern Ohio. His  willingness to work across the aisle and to work in good faith for an  agreeable compromise will surely be missed. We all regret his  retirement and thank him for amazing service.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be discharged from  further consideration of S. 2827 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Brown  substitute amendment be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time.    Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the bill, as  amended.    I ask unanimous consent that the title amendment be agreed  to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   