 Mr. President, I want to compliment my colleagues  Senators Rick Scott, Tim Scott, and Senator Sasse.   Today, when we were getting briefed about the bill, something hit me  like a ton of bricks. And there are a lot of good things in here. There  is money for healthcare providers, nurses, doctors, and hospitals.  There are so many good things.   The country is under siege. I was one of the first Republicans to  join my Democratic colleagues. I think I talked to Senator Durbin.   We need to do something more on unemployment insurance because the  Collins-Rubio construct, I think, will help, but some people are going  to fall through the cracks.   Never in my wildest dreams, Senator Durbin, did I believe that what  we have done is to pay people more not to work than to work. Under this  bill, the $600 payment on top of State benefits actually allows people  to have their income almost doubled in certain circumstances. I want to  help people. I want to make sure that if you lose your job, we cover  your wages. But under this bill, you get $23.15 an hour based on a 40- hour workweek not to work.   If you are trying to hire somebody in South Carolina the next 4  months, you have got to compete with that wage. If you are working in a  restaurant--probably not now--but if you are working anywhere for $15  an hour, somebody is making $23 an hour, and you are working. It is  just not fair. It is going to hurt the Rubio-Collins construct.   For restaurants that are out of business, we want them to be able to  borrow money to pay the payroll to keep people connected to their  employer. Now, what do you do when you make $23 an hour being on  unemployment? How do you keep that waitress or bartender at $15 or $17?  You made it a nightmare for small businesses. They are being pitted  against their own employees.   So to Senator Durbin and everybody else, the reason we are doing this  is because they tell me it takes 6 to 8  [[Page S2046]]  months for unemployment commissions at the State level to figure this  out.   What are we asking you to do? To get unemployment, you have to tell  us where you work and how much you make. And what we want to do is fill  in the difference between the State unemployment benefit and your  actual wages and stop there. We don't do that under this bill. There  are people getting paid more not to work than they were in the  workforce. It is going to be hard to not incentivize people to leave  their jobs. You can be unemployed at $23 an hour in South Carolina.  That is a lot more than people make.   So I am urging my colleagues, we need to fix this now. No matter how  well-intentioned, you are going to make the next 4 months impossible  for small businesses to hire. I can promise you this: If you pay  somebody $23 an hour not to work, they are probably going to find a way  to get there rather than staying in the workforce, where I am sure they  would rather be. We have created a perverse incentive not to help the  unemployed person but to destroy the ability to stay employed.   With that, I would just say to my colleagues, thank you for trying to  bring common sense back to this body. I am very much for this bill that  does help a lot of people. But we have created a Pandora's box for our  economy, and I wish we could fix it tonight, and if we don't, we need  to keep trying and trying and trying.   With that, I will yield to my colleagues.   