 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am sorry that the Senator from Iowa,  who spoke before me, left the floor before I could get his attention.   Senator Grassley is my friend. We have served together for many  years. We have worked on a lot of things together, and I bet we will in  the future. I like working with him. He shoots from the hip and tells  you exactly what he thinks. He has--I know this sounds a little vain--a  midwestern approach to him that I like a lot.   He just gave us a little reminder here about the difficulties that  faced some  [[Page S7564]]  of the Trump nominees on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I remember that.  There were some that were delayed because of very basic things. They  had not filed their financial disclosure forms and the ethics reports,  which were expected of all Cabinet nominees.   I don't expect President-Elect Biden to cut any corners. I expect his  nominees to follow the rules and the law, and I am hoping that they  will have bipartisan support when it comes to the Senate. I want to  give this President a chance to get off to a good, solid start, and he  is going to need it.   We are in the midst of this pandemic. The numbers that roll in every  single day are frightening. Even in my home State of Illinois, where  Governor Pritzker and Mayor Lightfoot and so many others have worked  hard to establish standards of conduct that will keep people safe, we  know that the numbers are just unacceptable in terms of infections and  hospitalizations and, sadly, deaths as well. Over 300,000 Americans  have died.   We want to make sure that President Biden and Vice President Harris  have the team and the wherewithal and the resources to respond quickly  when they take office on January 20.   I hope my Republican friends will join me in that effort. They have  every right to expect these nominees to answer the very basic questions  that are required, but I hope that they will also do their best to  expedite that process so that those going into critical positions to  keep our country safe from this pandemic are in place, as well as those  who are going to serve our Nation in critical capacities, whether it is  Secretary of State or Attorney General or Department of Homeland  Security.   But I look forward to working with my friend from Iowa. I take heed  of his warning that we will hold these nominees to the same standards  as we held President Trump's nominees    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. Jones) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.   