 Mr. President, what is the business now before the Senate?    Mr. President, this afternoon, the Finance Committee is  kicking off this debate. I will have some remarks, and then the  distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Grassley, will have  some remarks, and Senator Brown, who has played such a key role in the  enforcement issues, will follow.   I am glad we are getting on this debate. There is a lot to say about  this topic, and I want to talk first about how the new NAFTA got to  this point.   In the 2016 Presidential campaign, then-candidate Trump said he was  going to pull the United States out of NAFTA. He said it was ``the  worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere, but certainly ever signed  in this country.''   As President, Donald Trump went in a different direction. After  negotiating with Canada and Mexico, the Trump administration announced  a deal in 2018 that actually doubled down on several key mistakes of  the original NAFTA. The new NAFTA the Trump administration came up with  was way, way too weak on enforcement of the trade laws. Here in the  Senate, we Democrats said it wasn't good enough--not even close--to get  through the Congress. So we got down to work and we fixed it.   The bill we will be considering is the end product of all that work.  This legislation is now the first real measure of certainty and  predictability on the crucial issue of trade which American workers,  our businesses, and families have. It is the first real measure of  certainty and predictability since the beginning of the Trump  administration.   It now has the strongest trade enforcement system ever written into a  trade agreement. There are significant new resources put into  protecting American workers. Unfortunately, there has been an effort by  a few on the other side to strip the crucial enforcement resources for  enforcing the rights of workers and protecting the environment. It is  masquerading under a whole lot of procedural lingo, but it is really a  trojan horse to go back to business as usual with weak enforcement of  trade laws that doesn't get the job done.   Over the last week--and I see the distinguished chairman of the  committee here--these procedural gimmicks have been opposed by the  chairman and myself. I want to thank the chairman this afternoon for  doing so. For decades, there has been a lot of happy talk in Washington  about enforcing trade laws, but the government just moved too slowly  and did too little to protect American workers when trade cheats came  after their jobs. Workers and businesses were forced to wait for years  for the government to crack down on the rip-off artists, and so often  it was too late. Workers were laid off, factories were shuttered, and  communities were left without a beating economic heart.   The original NAFTA was a part of the problem. It made strong  enforcement almost impossible and was particularly a problem with labor  rights in Mexico. The same government that allowed corporations to  undercut American jobs by paying rock bottom wages and abusing rights  in Mexico had the power to actually block our country from fighting  back for the workers. So it was a head-scratcher when the Trump  administration proposed essentially a new NAFTA that kept the old NAFTA  enforcement system. It ought to have been the first part of the  original NAFTA that they threw in the trash can, but, sure enough, in  2018, the Trump administration agreed to language on trade enforcement  that really did not enforce anything.   So Senator Brown, who has fought for years for tough trade law  enforcement, said: We are going to get together, and we are going to  change this. We put together a proposal that makes the U.S. enforcement  system faster, tougher, and directly responsive to American workers and  businesses that are targeted by the trade cheats. Our approach puts  trade enforcement boots on the ground to identify when factories in  Mexico break the labor standards we should insist on. It will be a lot  easier to penalize the violators and protect the jobs they threaten to  undercut. Senator Brown and I worked with our colleagues, Democratic  colleagues on the Finance Committee, but we talked to plenty of  Republicans as well. We took our ideas to the House leadership. We got  their input and support. We told the Trump administration that tough  enforcement with what has come to be known as the Brown-Wyden proposal  was going to be a prerequisite to getting the new NAFTA through  Congress. As I said, I think this is the toughest labor enforcement  measure that our country has seen, and that is a big reason why the  AFL-CIO has endorsed the bill.   When you combine this all-in approach to enforcement with significant  new standards on labor and environmental protection, you also get the  benefit of beginning to stop the race to the bottom. You raise other  countries to the standards set by our country instead of forcing  American workers to compete in a game that is rigged against them.   These have been core Democratic trade policies for a long time.  Commitments on labor and the environment weren't a part of the original  NAFTA. Those issues were just pushed aside into what was essentially  called a side letter. They were the trade policy equivalent of a pinky  swear and about as easy to enforce. Now they are going to be at the  heart of the agreement. The United States will have more power than  ever to hold Mexico and Canada to the commitments made in this  legislation.   On technology and digital trade, something that I put an enormous  amount of my time into, the new NAFTA redefines what trade policy will  be about. Digital trade wasn't even  [[Page S225]]  a part of the original NAFTA because, by and large, it didn't exist.  Smartphones were science fiction. The internet was still years away.   Senator Grassley has heard me say this many times. The internet was  years away from becoming the shipping lane of the 21st century. The  problem has been that our trade laws were still stuck in the Betamax  mindset.   Technology and digital trade are obviously at the core of a modern  economy. They account for millions of good-paying jobs. They are woven  into every major American industry you can think of--healthcare,  education, manufacturing, agriculture, and the list goes on. So when  the United States fights for strong rules on digital trade, it is  fighting to protect ``red, white, and blue'' jobs.   That is why the new NAFTA helps to protect our intellectual property  and prevent shakedowns of American businesses for their valuable ideas.  It also includes something that I felt very strongly about, and that is  it established U.S. law that protects small technology entrepreneurs  that want to build successful lasting businesses in a field that is now  dominated by just a few Goliaths.   It is long past time for the United States to bring its trade policy  into the modern digital world. Getting smart digital trade laws on the  books is not just about boosting exports. What the internet looks like  in 10, 20, or 50 years is going to be an open question. Will it be an  open venue for communication among people around the world or will more  governments follow the lead of China, Russia, Turkey, and Iran, because  what they are talking about could fracture the internet around national  borders. Will the internet be a platform for free speech or will  Chinese officials and corporations find new ways to reach across the  ocean and trample on the rights of the American people?   These are just a few of the important questions the United States  will have to confront when it comes to technology.   In my view, locking in digital trade rules that protect our jobs and  promote free speech and commerce online is a good place to start. Labor  rights, environmental protection, rules on technology and digital  trade, and aggressive enforcement to protect American workers are all  areas where there has been significant improvement in the new NAFTA. I  call this ``trade done right.''   My State, along with Senator Grassley's State, is so dependent on  trade. One out of four jobs in Oregon revolves around international  trade. They often pay better than do the non-trade jobs because they  have a higher value-added component. Most of them are small businesses,  and they export. Agriculture is a big part of our economy. The new  NAFTA will put more of our wine on shelves outside the United States.  It will increase dairy exports. It will end unfair practices that  discriminate against American-grown wheat.   Oregon companies that sell services like apps and engineering plans  to customers overseas will have new protections under the digital trade  rules. It will help our manufacturers because the new NAFTA raises the  bar and includes those protections on labor rights I have described.   There are a lot of Members to thank who pitched in. We are going to  hear from a number of them on the floor, and I am going to thank them  before we wrap up.   I will close with this. The last few years have delivered one trade  gut punch after another to our farmers, our shippers, our  manufacturers, and our exporters. The administration has driven away  traditional economic allies. A lot of manufacturers are hurting. Farm  bankruptcies have surged. Foreign markets are more closed off--many of  them to American exports--than they were before the Trump  administration began. With this legislation we have an opportunity to  begin--and I want to underline that, to begin--to change that.   I particularly want to thank Senator Brown for his laser focus and  leadership on the issue of enforcement. I think Senator Cantwell, who  will speak on this issue soon, has done a particularly good job about  trying to build an infrastructure for enforcing our trade laws. I think  it is only appropriate to have a special Senate shout-out for  Ambassador Lighthizer, who has been straight with members of our  committee. I know the chairman will speak on that next. I call him the  hardest working man in the trade agreement debate.   I support this bill. I hope my colleagues will do it. I know the  chairman will have remarks, and Senator Brown will be here. Other  colleagues will be here. I know Chairman Grassley is glad we are  getting at this. I share his views.   We have plenty to do on healthcare and other issues, and we look  forward to working with him.   I yield the floor.    I will.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to pose some  questions to my colleague from Ohio.    He has done so much work on these issues--not just in the  last few months but for years and years. I want to thank him for his  extraordinary commitment to the rights of workers and to all these  communities that, he has pointed out, essentially lose their economic  heartbeat by trade policies that cheat workers.   I want to ask the gentleman about this. I have heard this, and I have  heard this in lots of places. People have said: These ideas seem good,  but are they really that consequential?   Mr. Brown has been at this for more than a quarter of a century. We  have watched him out on the floor year after year after year. Let me  give my calculation of what this package which we have worked on and  which he deserves so much credit for consists of.   As far as I can tell--and we have worked on it with the staff--this  is the fastest enforcement process by more than 300 percent because of  what the Senator has done to speed up the timeline for protecting  workers. It is the toughest because for the first time it allows our  country to hit the worst actor the hardest by stopping rip-off artists  at the individual factory level. It is the strongest because it allows  us to hit companies that repeatedly violate the law. We are able to  stop the products of exploitive labor at the border.   I want to ask the Senator a couple of questions, but I wanted to give  this overview first. Having been at this for more than a quarter of a  century, is there any trade enforcement regime that, in terms of those  specifics, comes close to what that new regime would consist of?    I appreciate Mr. Brown's taking us through this. It is  faster. It is tougher because it gets at the individual factory level.  It is stronger because it stops those repeat offenders who come up with  products using exploitive labor.   I want people to know and have it highlighted in the Record that my  take is that this, given what we have seen over the last 25 years, is  far better than anything we have seen before.   Look, the Senator and I have worked on a lot of enforcement efforts  over the years. He will recall that at one point I chaired the Trade  Subcommittee, and we found people tripping over themselves to cheat  because they were merchandise laundering. It was a little bit different  from this. We set up a dummy website just to try to keep tabs on all  the people who were cheating. We would remember--and we didn't know  whether to laugh or cry--that all over the world, people were coming  forward to cheat. That was useful. It didn't come close to the breadth  of what has been done here.   Let me just ask a couple more specific questions because I have heard  lots of people in all the campaigns and the like talking about whether  this was modest or really a bold set of changes. Now we have just  walked through how much stronger this is than anything we have seen in  the last quarter-century.   The gentleman mentioned how workers can use this hotline to enforce  their rights. If a worker reports violations of their rights at a call  center and the government believes the complaint has merit, my  understanding is that the government is obligated under the law to send  labor inspectors to that facility. Is that correct?    If you would, Senator Brown, take us through what kinds of  actions can be taken against a facility. In other words, my  understanding is, if the labor inspectors find violations when they  inspect it, they have a host of remedies. The gentleman touched on this  in the committee, but what kinds of actions can be taken against that  particular facility?    So would Senator Brown be saying that if it is found that  there were labor violations at a car factory, the penalties could apply  to any car that might come into the United States from that factory  throughout the investigation, not just going forward?    I have appreciated this colloquy with Senator Brown.   I have a couple of town meetings at home this weekend, working-class  neighborhoods, where trade has been really important. One out of four  jobs in my State revolves around trade, and those jobs often pay better  than do the nontrade jobs. If anybody says ``Well, Ron, do you think  anything is really going to be accomplished with what you and Senator  Brown are talking about?'' I am going to say that I went through the  entire enforcement process in terms of the key provisions, and we laid  out for the country and the Senate that you have led an effort to speed  up by more than 300 percent the timeline for an enforcement action. I  mean, it used to take years and years sometimes. You have shortened  that by literally more than 300 percent. You have been part of an  effort that is tougher because you can go after the individual  factories.   Then, finally, I think this enforcement proposal gets to the heart of  what we need to be doing because it means if you rip off workers, we  are going to stop products those workers have produced at the border.   My guess is, there will be a lot more discussion. I see we have  another valuable colleague from the Finance Committee who has been  heavily involved in these issues for a lot of years. But I want to say  again that this didn't happen by osmosis, because when we got that  flawed bill, I think everybody said: Well, they will probably have some  discussions about it, and that will be pretty much it.    Madam President, I think this has been central to what we  will be debating and we will be voting on tomorrow morning.   I want to thank Senator Brown. This bill would not have happened  without tough trade enforcement led by Senator Brown. This bill would  not have happened, period, full stop.   With that, I yield the floor.   