 Mr. President, I rise also to say farewell to a truly  great Senator, Senator Pat Roberts.   He has been a friend and a mentor of mine in the U.S. Senate. He has  been a leader, and there is no doubt--we are hearing it all--about all  his accomplishments. He is certainly one of the great State of Kansas's  most accomplished Senators ever.   But I would be remiss if I didn't mention that he is also a great  Senator for another group of proud Americans, and that would be the  U.S. Marine Corps. Senator Roberts has taken care of the U.S. Marines  during his entire tenure here. If the marines needed something, they  knew where to go--the great Senator from Kansas.   As you know, most Senators wear their Senate pin here, indicating  that they are a Senator. We are proud to wear that. For the years I  have known Senator Roberts--he is probably doing it again today--he  wears his pin, but sometimes and usually he actually wears the Eagle,  Globe, and Anchor, showing--and I think he has one on right now--where  so much of his loyalty lies--with the U.S. Marine Corps. So I know that  the marines are certainly going to miss Senator Roberts. I am certainly  going to miss Senator Roberts.   You know, just like in his remarks today, he is a man of great wit,  great stories, and I have had the honor to hear so many of these  stories, and a lot of these stories, of course, for me, involve Alaska  and the late great Senator Ted Stevens, who was also a very close  friend of Pat's, in the seat which I am honored to hold here in the  U.S. Senate. I have learned so much from these stories that I heard  from Senator Roberts.   Most importantly, he has been a great example for me and so many  other Senators. He is a statesman, a marine, an optimist. You heard it  in his remarks today. We need more of that. He is a family man, a  dedicated husband for over 50 years to a beautiful, wonderful wife; a  leader in the Senate--six chairmanships--who gets things done for his  State and for his country; and finally, a man of integrity--of  integrity.   You know, it is tough duty to be the chairman of the Senate Ethics  Committee, but the Senate Ethics Committee is much needed here, and to  chair that committee for 24 years is a testament of every single  Senator here saying how much they believe in this man's integrity.   I was honored a couple of years ago when Pat asked me to serve on the  Eisenhower Memorial Commission. It was a true honor for me, and I will  say I saw again one of the great qualities of Senator Roberts'  tenacity. On a rainy night a few months ago, I attended the dedication  ceremony of President Eisenhower and watched as America celebrated a  great American, a great Kansan, and there is one person who really made  that a reality--Senator Pat Roberts.   So today we say farewell to another great Kansan and a great  American, my good friend Senator Pat Roberts.   Thank you, sir, for the example, for the mentorship, for the  friendship, and your great service to the Senate, to Kansas, to  America, and to the U.S. Marine Corps. Semper Fi.   I yield the floor.   