 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, here we are, the 21st of December, 4 days  till Christmas, and Congress is finally getting around to doing its  duty on COVID-19 relief, as well as the Omnibus appropriations bill,  which will keep the government open and keep the lights on through the  end of the fiscal year next September.   I have to editorialize here that I think this is a terrible process.  It is a terrible process. I just saw one of the Texas delegation House  Members saying: I am expected to review thousands of pages of an  appropriations bill and COVID-19 relief bill in the next couple of  hours and then vote on it this evening?   Well, we will be in the same posture. As terrible as this process is,  it was intentionally created. I am sure that the Appropriations  chairman, Richard Shelby, and Leader McConnell would have loved to have  had a regular appropriations process to vote out each of the  subcommittee appropriations and pass them using regular order, giving  the Members of the Congress a chance to offer amendments and maybe  improve the bill, but we weren't provided that opportunity because,  essentially, the Democratic leader and the Speaker of the House of  Representatives understand that this kind of broken process empowers  them to the detriment of individual Members of the Congress and to the  detriment of the people we represent. It empowers them, not the rank- and-file Members.   So, I believe this is a--and the same thing is true on COVID-19, of  course. We passed the CARES Act in March. We tried to come back and  replenish some of those funds. We were successful in doing so, for  example, in the Paycheck Protection Program, but it was obvious there  was more need, and on at least three occasions--maybe four, but at  least three--we offered another half trillion dollars in relief, only  to be blocked by Democrats here in the Senate.   Speaker Pelosi was candid. She basically said: Well, this is about  politics. We don't want President Trump to get credit for Congress  stepping up in a bipartisan way to provide relief to the American  people in the runup to the election.   So this is where we are. We know what we have to do. We have to  prevent the government from shutting down. We know that there is  genuine need across the country for more COVID-19 relief, so we need to  do that. But I would also point out, we are going to do roughly $900  billion of an additional COVID-19 relief bill when Speaker Pelosi and  the Democratic leader in the Senate, Senator Schumer, turned down a  $1.8 trillion offer from Secretary of the Treasury Mnuchin. So, rather  than accept twice as much earlier because it didn't fit their political  playbook, now they are accepting half when they realized they have run  out of runway.   Well, the monthslong stalemate has finally broken. Yesterday evening,  the so-called ``four corners''--the Speaker, the Republican leader in  the House, the Democratic minority leader here in the Senate, and  Senator McConnell--they reached agreement on a bipartisan package of  bills to support the American people through the continued fight  against COVID-19. And despite my comments about the process and what  brings us here with so little time and ability to affect some of the  content, I hope this legislation will pass and reach the President's  desk in a matter of hours.   I think we could all agree that this bill could not have come soon  enough. Since this summer, Republicans and Democrats have been miles  apart on the size and shape of the next COVID-19 bill. Democrats, as I  indicated, wanted a $3 trillion bill they called the Heroes Act, while  we supported a more targeted approach. That is when Speaker Pelosi  uttered those now famous words: Nothing is better than something.   Well, I have always believed that something is better than nothing.  But the big-picture disagreements prevented any progress from being  made, even though we, by and large, agreed on about 80 percent of what  needed to be done, and that is included in the bill that we will vote  on here in the next few hours.   Well, after the election, the Speaker and Democratic leader here in  the Senate, I guess, decided that they no longer needed to hold the  American people hostage because the election had now come and gone. So  there were bipartisan negotiations that broke out, which have led to  targeted package bills--to a targeted package that could earn the  support of both parties and the signature of President Trump. It is  safe to say there could not be a more urgent need for action from  Congress.   The last several days have proven that we are, indeed, at an  inflection point--turning point--in our ongoing fight against the  virus. One successful vaccine has already been administered to  thousands of healthcare workers across the country. In my State alone,  the Governor estimates that a million people will be vaccinated by the  end of this month. That is something we should all be thankful for and  applaud.   On Friday evening, the FDA authorized a second safe and effective  vaccine made by Moderna, meaning that millions more doses will be  reaching Americans--in particular, our frontline heroes--in the coming  days. These are developments that we have been waiting, hoping,  investing, and praying for, but it is not a silver bullet. We are still  battling this pandemic, and it is likely to be with us for the  foreseeable future. But the good news is, people who are particularly  vulnerable because of their age or underlying chronic illnesses will  likely be able to get the vaccine no later than March. Dr. Fauci said  that by June, anybody in America who wants the vaccine can get it.    This next phase of our fight will determine how quickly we are able  to defeat COVID-19 and regrow our economy. This legislation will  clearly help us get there.   First, it will provide the needed support for vaccine distribution.  Not only has there been a modern-day medical miracle in developing  these safe and effective vaccines, but now the logistics of getting it  to 330 million people in America are completely daunting, but it is  happening. Millions of doses have already been delivered to hospitals  across the country, and in the coming months, tens of millions more  will be distributed as we launch this massive vaccination campaign.   While the cost of the vaccine has already been covered, the range of  associated expenses that come with it has not been. For everything from  transportation infrastructure to deliver the vaccines to ultra-low  temperature freezers to store them, to personal protective equipment  for our healthcare heroes to safely administer them, those costs have  added up and need to be provided for in this legislation. This  legislation will, in fact, provide billions of dollars to help cover  these kinds of costs and to ensure the race to distribute these  vaccines is as successful as the race to develop them.   Part of that is through relief for airlines, which will transport the  vaccines to communities across the country. This assistance will enable  our airlines to carry out their important role in the vaccine relay  race, all while keeping their employees on payroll and preparing for a  strong postpandemic recovery.   These two successful vaccines so far are moving us closer and closer  to the end of this crisis, but we still have a ways to go, and the  American people need and deserve our support in getting there.   Millions of workers have no way to earn a paycheck. Food banks are  experiencing Depression-era lines each week. Farmers and ranchers have  lost their traditional markets. Small businesses are sinking, and  parents and teachers are still worried about a safe return to in-person  learning for our students.   This targeted relief package will send desperately needed support to  each of these groups for each of those causes. The workers who had the  rug pulled out from them earlier this year will continue to receive the  federally enhanced unemployment benefits under the CARES Act that would  otherwise expire the day after Christmas. And State unemployment  benefits will be  [[Page S7901]]  bolstered, as I said, by $300 a week in Federal benefits through March  14 of next year.   We will also provide a second, more targeted direct payment to the  hardest hit Americans, with up to $600 per individual. That means that  a family of four making up to $150,000 will receive $2,400 in the  coming days. This bill will ensure that the basic needs of low-income  households, schoolchildren, and those in long lines at food banks will  be met.   It also provides $13 billion for a time-limited Federal nutrition  benefit increase, as well as at least $1.9 billion for the Coronavirus  Food Assistance Program at food banks.   Our farmers and ranchers and producers who have lost significant or  all the value of their crops will also receive $13 billion in  agricultural assistance to strengthen the farm safety net which  benefits us all.   This has been a difficult year for millions of families in Texas and  across the country as parents have worried about how to pay bills and  buy groceries, let alone Christmas gifts under their tree for their  children.   I know this will not erase all of the financial uncertainty, but it  will go a long way to provide some help to those whose livelihoods have  been thrown into chaos, and I hope it will also provide reassurance for  the parents and teachers who have worried about a safe return to in- person learning.   This legislation provides $82 billion for education and will help our  K-12 students, colleges, and universities get their education programs  back on track.   This relief bill will also extend additional support to Texas small  businesses. Our small businesses continue to struggle with the arrival  of winter weather. That has been especially true for restaurants and  other businesses that have relied on outdoor seating.   Many of these businesses utilized the Paycheck Protection Program to  help them cover payroll and other expenses earlier this year, but the  program expired in August, and our hardest hit small businesses are in  dire need of more support.   This legislation will provide another $284 billion in the Paycheck  Protection Program. This has been an enormously successful program in  my State, with 414,000 loans that are convertible into grants under  some circumstances worth some $41 billion. This has been a lifesaver  for many of our small businesses and the workers they employ. The  hardest hit businesses will be able to take a second draw of the PPP  and provide for stability for their businesses and their employee until  this crisis ends.   I am glad this bill also includes language from a bill I introduced  to clarify tax deductibility for business expenses paid with a forgiven  PPP loan. The average PPP loan in Texas was $99,000, and without this  change, those businesses that received that PPP loan and grant would  face a $36,000 tax liability.   That would start to show up in January with the estimated taxes being  paid by many small businesses that pay on a quarterly basis. That sort  of unexpected tax liability would be a slap in the face for those  businesses that saw this life ring and decided to grab a hold of it.  This change will ensure loan recipients aren't saddled with an  unexpected tax liability that could absolutely sink their struggling  businesses that have been hanging on by a thread.   I appreciate Chairman Grassley of the Finance Committee, Ranking  Member Wyden, and their staffs for fighting to include this change,  which will clarify that these expenses should have been tax deductible  all along. That is what Congress intended in March when we passed the  CARES Act.   I am also glad the Omnibus that is paired with this package includes  other legislation that I introduced with our friend Amy Klobuchar, the  Senator from Minnesota, called the Save Our Stages Act, designed to  help our small independent entertainment venues across the country from  closing their doors for good.   These Main Street businesses were excluded from the original Paycheck  Protection Program, even though they were among some of the hardest hit  small businesses. Event venues were the first to close when COVID-19  hit, and they are likely to be the last to open once it is gone. This  funding will help them stay afloat until that long-awaited day finally  arrives   I thank Senator Klobuchar, who has been my partner in this bipartisan  effort, as well as Senator Rubio, who has been a champion for these  venues during the final critical stages of negotiations.   The government funding legislation includes a number of other  bipartisan bills which have had nearly unanimous support in both the  House and the Senate, including a bill I introduced with our colleague  Bob Menendez from New Jersey.   This legislation will finally, after 25 years or more, establish a  National Museum of the American Latino, which will improve Latino  representation within the Smithsonian Institution. This museum will  honor the contributions of Latinos throughout our Nation's history and  give their stories a brick-and-mortar home here in our Nation's  Capital. I am thrilled that generations of Americans will be able to  get a more accurate view of our Nation's history when they visit this  new Smithsonian museum, and I can't wait to be among its first  visitors.   There is no question that there are additional measures I would have  liked to have seen included in the coronavirus relief legislation, and  I am sure that is true for every Member. But this targeted package  includes critical funding and support for Texans and Americans at this  watershed moment, and it will break the stalemate which has paralyzed  Congress for months now.   The American people are suffering. It is not time for politics as  usual. It is a time to come together to compromise and to make good on  our commitment to support them.   I appreciate the work of our colleagues who fought for a deal that  will give our country added strength during this next critical phase of  our fight, and I look forward to voting for this legislation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee  on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from further  consideration of S. 371 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Fischer substitute at  the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from  further consideration of S. 2429 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Rubio amendment at the  desk be agreed to, and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I now ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 3250, which was  received from the House.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 5472, which was received  from the House.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 5126 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   