 Madam Speaker, we have watched our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle since, literally, the week the President was  inaugurated say it is time to start the impeachment. They have made  that a policy consideration, a policy goal for the whole rest of their  time since that time in Congress, working diligently day by day, no  matter what the President did, no matter what he said. Whether it was  comments about other Members of Congress, whether it is comments in  foreign policy, you name it, it was worthy of impeachment.   Madam Speaker, they have cheapened impeachment.   We were told--rightly so--how solemn it is, the most important thing,  other than declaring war, that Members of Congress would ever embark  on. Yet, during the vote on the floor of the House, when the numbers  came through that they had indeed passed impeachment and Members on the  other side began to cheer, the Speaker gave them a look and admonished  them because, of course, they said it was the most solemn thing that  they would do. Yet, we all know, in their hearts, it was what they had  desired all along.   I understand disagreements with the President of the other party--I  have had my own--but this is about doing the business of the work of  the people and the work of this country.   If you disagree, there is a process for that in this country, and  that is the election process, where all Americans get to decide whether  whatever the President says is too much, whether whatever the President  does is too little or too much.   But this is seeking to remove a President from office early because  of a disagreement over policy, a disagreement about how one comports  himself or not, a disagreement with the President that is personal.   This is beneath the decorum of this establishment and the business  that we should be doing. It is disappointing. It is disrupting. It  should be voted ``no,'' accordingly, because it is a fool's errand  based on no facts, not based on the Constitution and not based on our  best will and best judgment.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote for the Articles of Impeachment  to be transmitted.   