 Madam Speaker, it is going to be hard to think of  something original to say, but I will give it a go.   First of all, I would like to point out that nobody I know defends  Derek Chauvin. And nobody I know doesn't have sympathy for George Floyd  and his family. That should go without saying.   The question is, what can we do to prevent this sort of thing in the  future?   I personally believe that part of the problem stems from the close  relationship that big city governments have with the local unions.   I had introduced a bill when I was in the State legislature about 13  years ago making it easier to get rid of an underperforming policeman.  That bill went nowhere, as most of these bills go nowhere because very  few people are willing to take on the unions.   That being said, when I introduced the bill, I did expect it would  save lives and would pass. I expected it to save Black lives, and I  expected it to save White lives.   Right now, you can Google Heather Mac Donald. She's pretty good on  this issue.   First of all, the number of lives lost in which an unarmed person was  shot by a police officer has fallen the last 4 years, from 70 lives to  28 lives, which is a good step in the right direction. It doesn't mean  we shouldn't do more. We should do more.   The second thing I will point out is, when adjusted for violent  crime, actually, a higher percentage of White people are killed by  police than Black people, and it offends me that we don't bring that  up. We try to racialize the issue.   The same day Breonna Taylor died, Duncan Lemp died in a situation,  [[Page H2464]]  killed by the police, the exact same situation. But you don't hear  about it talked about by anybody in this body or anybody on national  TV. You know why they don't talk about it? Because they want to tear  this country apart.   They don't want to talk about when White people are killed because  they want to enrage Black people, and they want to make White people  feel guilty and not like America. But if you look at the studies, that  is what it shows.   Now, hopefully, these local governments can do something to make it  easier to get rid of bad cops. But let's look at how this bill affects  the average person. The majority of cops, the vast majority of cops,  are great cops. What does it do to them? What it does is you take away  qualified immunity, which means if you are a police officer, you become  afraid to arrest somebody, you become afraid to resist somebody, you  become afraid to pursue somebody.   What is going to happen when we have a timid, neutered police force?   Right now, in Milwaukee--I don't represent Milwaukee, but my  districts goes right up to it--the number of murders this year has gone  up from 37 to 72 murders in the first 5-plus months, this year compared  to last year.   Does anybody care about all the people who are dying in the city of  Milwaukee who aren't killed by police? I don't hear a lot about it.   Already, they have cut the number of police this year, and they are  talking about cutting the number of police next year. What effect will  that have on people dying? Does anybody care? I don't hear anybody care  about that. All they want to do is tear down the police.    Madam Speaker, then, finally, you talk about Black  Lives Matter. I want to talk about Black Lives Matter a little bit.   You look on their website, and they want to disrupt the westernized,  prescribed nuclear family. I thought everybody was for the family.  Black Lives Matter, on their website, is against the strong family.   Cofounder Patrisse Cullors says government controls everything, and  she says, we are trained Marxists. That person is the cofounder of  Black Lives Matter. Do you want to follow them down the path of  complete government control over everything?   