 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the public health crisis and the economic  crisis that are happening right now are not happening in a vacuum.   All the damage caused by the coronavirus and the President's failures  is layered on top of all the existing problems of our country,  including the crisis we have been facing for years in the multiemployer  pension system.   More than a million American workers and retirees were already in  danger of losing the retirement security that they earned. These are  people who did everything right. They spent years working on assembly  lines, bagging groceries, driving trucks, working hard to keep this  economy going and to provide for their families. Money came out of  every single one of their paychecks to pay into a pension system.   People in Washington don't understand the collective bargaining  process. They either don't understand it or don't care to understand  it. People give up dollars today at the bargaining table for the  promise of a secure retirement, with healthcare and a pension.   This crisis affects thousands of Ohioans and people in Indiana, the  Presiding Officer's State. It affects the massive Central States  Pension Plan, the Bricklayers Local 7, the Ironworkers Local 17, the  Ohio Southwest Carpenters Pension Plan, the Bakers and Confectioners  Pension Plan, and on and on and on.   It touches every single State in the country. We are talking about  our entire multiemployer pension system. If it collapses, it will not  just be retirees who feel the pain. Current workers will be stuck  paying into pensions they will never receive. Small businesses will be  left drowning in pension liability they can't afford. Small businesses  that have been in the family for generations could face bankruptcy.   I have seen those companies: Spangler Candy in Williams County, OH;  Smucker's Preserves in Orrville, OH. We have seen these companies that  have been family companies paying into this pension plan for  generations, and workers lose jobs if businesses close up shop.   The effect will ripple through the entire economy. It is not only  union businesses that participate in these plans that will close their  doors. It would devastate small communities across the industrial  heartland. Small businesses in these communities already are hurt  because of this virus.   These pension plans were already in danger prior to February or  March, or even April or May, when the President decided that this was a  crisis. Now the economic emergency we are in has put them in a worse  position.   The House did its part repeatedly. First, they passed the Butch Lewis  Act. More than 2 months ago, they passed the Heroes Act, which includes  a pension solution.   But under Senator McConnell, the Senate has done nothing. It is time  for us to do our part.   Leader McConnell has refused to do anything on pensions. We could  have fixed this last year. He chose not to. He didn't address it in the  HEALS Act that he introduced last week, and he didn't address it in the  CARES Act that we passed back in March.   There are reports the President, who has not been a friend of  workers--putting it mildly--was fine with including a multiemployer  pension fix in the CARES Act if Leader McConnell wanted it. But Leader  McConnell stopped it, and the President wasn't willing to step in. He  is supposed to lead the country, but he has outsourced his decision  making to Senator McConnell.   The Senate must act. If the entire multiemployer pension system  collapses, it will make our economic crisis worse. We knew before this  pandemic that the pension system could collapse. It is only more likely  to fail now. If that happens, we know who gets hurt the most. It is not  the Wall Street banks that squandered workers' money. It is small  businesses. It is workers. It is employees who did everything right.  Their lives and livelihoods will be devastated if Congress doesn't do  our job.   Workers and retirees in Ohio and around the country have rallied in  the name of Butch Lewis, a great Ohioan who helped lead this fight and  passed away far too soon, fighting for his fellow workers. His wife,  Rita Lewis, has continued his fight and has become a leader and an  inspiration to so many of us.   Rita once told me that retirees and workers struggling with this  crisis feel like they are invisible. These Americans aren't invisible  to me. They shouldn't be invisible to this body.   They aren't invisible to Speaker Pelosi or Leader Schumer. They are  not invisible to Senator Smith, who is from Minnesota and has done  yeoman's work on this; or Senator Peters from Michigan, who has spoken  out and fought for better laws; or Chairman Neal in the House; or  Chairman Scott from Virginia in the House; and many of my colleagues  who worked for years now trying to find a bipartisan solution.   We are not giving up. As we know, it comes back to the dignity of  work. When work has dignity, we honor the retirement security people  earn. When you love this country, you fight for the people who make it  work.   I urge my colleagues in this body--colleagues with healthcare and  retirement plans paid for by taxpayers--to think about these retired  workers and the stress--on top of the stress of the coronavirus--they  are facing.   Join us. Let's pass a solution that honors their work, that honors  the dignity of work, and that keeps our promise.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   