 Mr. President, healthcare workers have long been  regarded as some of our Nation's most critical and courageous servants.  During this time of challenges and uncertainty, this has never been  more accurate.   Each day, our healthcare professionals make tireless sacrifices to  protect and serve our country, even when it means risking their own  lives to take care of others. People like Jennifer Campbell, a  registered nurse from White River Health System, are a great example.  She is recognized as the in-house expert for all COVID-19 testing. She  has taken ownership of the community drive-up testing and worked with  the Arkansas Department of Health to organize community testing.    In Malvern, Vickie Robbins, a registered nurse at Baptist Health-Hot  Spring County, has volunteered to work extra hours, offered to operate  drive-through screening, and volunteered to treat COVID-19 patients.  Also, Lora Turknett, a registered nurse at Baptist Health-Conway, has  been dependable and flexible with the hours she works to support the  needs of different shifts. She provides compassionate care with a  positive attitude.   During visits to medical facilities across Arkansas during the in- State work period, I was honored to personally thank frontline workers  like them and so many others for the critical care they are providing.  The work of these frontline workers and their colleagues has become  much more difficult. We are grateful for all they do and represent.   Congress overwhelmingly supported the men and women of the medical  community who are treating COVID-19 patients and are working to find a  cure to address the public health crisis with the passage of the CARES  Act. This critical relief was a necessary lifeline for hospitals to  continue providing services to meet the demands of the communities and  helping our doctors, nurses, and other medical professionals stay safe  while providing care and treatment for patients.   There is more that we can do to support healthcare and ensure that  patients get reliable care. Listening to the needs of hospitals is  incredibly important in many efforts to assist these vital facilities,  protect the jobs they create, and empower their ability to serve  communities and patients all across Arkansas. Insight from the  healthcare community is a valuable resource that helps shape the  policies that directly impact their mission.   Along with continuing to provide critical resources like PPE, here  are three things Arkansas healthcare professionals recommend we can do  to improve services. First of all, we can expand broadband so more  patients can take advantage of telehealth; make expanded telehealth  services to Medicare permanent; and, finally, provide certainty for the  340B drug discount program.   Telehealth has become vital to providing effective care for patients  during this public health emergency. Access to medical providers  without leaving home offers convenience and safety against potential  exposure to COVID-19. Having the option for virtual doctors' visits can  be a challenge, particularly for rural areas, where broadband  connectivity is limited.   This emergency has amplified the need for this connection, but, too  often, providers in rural communities are unable to meet the increased  demand for telehealth services. So my colleagues and I have introduced  legislation to help healthcare providers expand telehealth benefits and  improve access to broadband.   The Healthcare Broadband Expansion During COVID-19 Act would bolster  funding for providers in rural areas to increase connectivity. This  bill would help more patients get the care they need.   We have a unique opportunity to see how the modifications and updates  we made to health programs during this health emergency can be  beneficial in the long term.   The CARES Act provided the Department of Health and Human Services  with the authority to waive telehealth requirements for Medicare during  this emergency. Providers and patients have adapted expanded telehealth  opportunities. We can continue to strengthen this access by making  these services permanent.   Earlier this summer, I joined a bipartisan group of Senators to urge  our Nation's top health agencies to make the permanent changes to  telehealth requirements for Medicare that Congress authorized in the  CARES Act.   Last month, President Trump issued an Executive order to improve  healthcare in rural America by expanding telehealth resources and  services. The President's action included a proposal to parts of  Medicare's telehealth coverage. This is a step in the right direction.  I look forward to working with the administration to implement a rule  that will enhance the delivery of healthcare to Medicare patients.   When Arkansas hospital administrators shared their concerns over  future eligibility in the 340B program, I signed on to support Senator  Thune's bill to provide certainty to current participants. As hospitals  paused elective procedures and as admissions decreased for Medicare and  Medicaid patients, administrators' concerns that their hospitals would  no longer be eligible for the 340B program increased. These are among  the key metrics used to determine acceptance into the program. The 340B  drug discount program has provided flexibility to Arkansas hospitals to  help lower drug prices. Extending eligibility so they can care for low- income patients is critical.   These are three measures we can take to help patients continue to get  quality, reliable care. We must remember that, like our valued  healthcare workers, we play an important role in fighting the virus. By  following the guidance and recommendations laid out by our public  health officials, we can help our medical heroes and make a positive  impact to prevent the spread of COVID-19.   I yield the floor.   