 Mr. President, it is no secret around here that staff  work is key to any Senator's success. It often goes unnoticed and  unthanked, but today, as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement  Implementation Act passes Congress, I would like to express my  appreciation to the many Senate staff who work for the people of Iowa  and the entire country.   Foremost among them are Kolan Davis, my Finance Committee staff  director and longtime advisor of 35 years; Jeff Wrase, my deputy staff  director; and Nasim Fussell, my chief international trade counsel on  the committee. Their thoughtful, prudent advice, and hard work were  crucial to helping create the conditions that allow for nearly- unanimous passage today.   Nasim led my trade staff on the Finance Committee. Her leadership of  several other key staff, including Mayur Patel, Brian Bombassaro,  Andrew Brandt, Rory Heslington, Grace Kim, and Michael Pinkerton, and  all of their many late nights working at the office, are among the top  reasons why this modernized trade agreement wasn't just negotiated with  Canada and Mexico but will actually become law and soon take effect.  Their diligent work with their Democratic counterparts, as well as the  administration, is evidenced in the overwhelming vote USMCA received.   My chief of staff, Aaron Cummings, legislative director, James Rice,  and director of scheduling, Jennifer Heins, provided consistent  guidance and helpful input on USMCA throughout negotiations that helped  me do the job I needed to do for us to get to this point. I am grateful  for their standing by my side this past year and going above and beyond  for the people of Iowa.   I would also like to thank my communications and press staff,  including Michael Zona, Taylor Foy, George Hartmann, Nicole Tieman,  Melissa Kearney, and Katelyn Schultz, for helping me communicate the  many benefits of this trade deal to Iowans and all Americans. Their  work to deliver that message to the grassroots of this country helped  create the public pressure needed to encourage Congress to act and  ratify USMCA.   We all know that no legislating happens in the Senate without  bipartisanship. That is why today I say congratulations and thank you  to Ranking Member Wyden and his staff for all their hard work. They are  Joshua Sheinkman, staff director; Mike Evans, deputy staff director;  Jayme White, chief advisor on international competitiveness and  innovation; and Greta Peisch, Sally Laing, Virginia Lenahan, and Rachel  Lang.   Of course, also critical to the bill's passage were Ambassador Bob  Lighthizer and his hard-working team at the Office of the U.S. Trade  Representative, particularly John Melle and Maria Pagan.   Getting the Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO to both endorse this  trade deal was no easy feat, and it took both sides' good faith efforts  to get us here.   You have heard me extol all the good that USMCA will do for this  Nation's  [[Page S263]]  farmers, ranchers, manufacturers and workers of all stripes--hundreds  of thousands jobs, billions of dollars added to the economy, new market  access, and a framework for the future of international trade. It is  these staff members who also deserve to share in the Nation's gratitude  and celebration.   Thank you all.   