 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Oklahoma for yielding.   I just ask my colleagues here: What are we doing? We have 40 million  Americans out of work. We have serious problems we have got to address,  and we are going to pass a bill tonight that is a clear political bill  filled with political promises from my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle that has no chance of being passed in its current form. And  why aren't we debating and doing the job of this body? We have no  debate.   My friend from Maryland, Chairman Raskin, we served together working  to try to protect the Constitution, and he says that we have this rule  in here for a quorum can be two people. I agree, that is a problem.   I don't care who is in charge of this body. We shouldn't operate that  way. The American people want us to do our job and debate and work.   The Constitution is pretty clear about what constitutes a quorum. You  can trot out various words from some professors around the country that  say otherwise, but a quorum means presence. We should be here debating.  It matters. It matters that we look each other in the eye. It matters  that we are here talking to each other when there are 40 million  Americans without jobs while we sit here in Congress and don't do ours?   We are not doing our job. While truckers carry food products, while  people go to grocery stores, while first responders do their job, why  aren't we doing ours? I would posit that the Constitution contemplates  our physically being here looking each other in the eye to do our job.   If we want to have debates about committee work being remote or  virtual, okay, but the actual act of voting, our solemn duty to  represent hundreds of thousands of people who put their trust in us to  do our job, we are supposed to be here. We are supposed to work with  each other.   I have got a bipartisan bill right now that would help solve the  problems, the PPP Flexibility Act, with my friend Dean Phillips from  Minnesota. Let's debate and vote on it. Let's offer amendments. Let's  actually have a debate in this body.   It is supposed to be the people's House--the people's House. It is  our job, Mr. Speaker. This is not constitutional.   