 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Smith for all his great work to  protect life and to reflect the values that this country holds dear.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of the millions of innocent  lives lost in the 47 years since the tragic Supreme Court decision, Roe  v. Wade.   Since 1973, freely accessible abortion has fostered a culture of  death in America, and the expansion of clinics like Planned Parenthood  have normalized abortion and stolen the futures of over 50 million  innocent lives.   Here are some statistics from Planned Parenthood's own annual report:   In 2019 alone, they aborted 345,670 innocent, defenseless lives.  Think about that from a personal perspective. That is over 100,000 more  persons than the population of Waco and McLennan County, Texas, the  largest county in Texas District 17, which has over 250,000-plus  Texans.   This genocide constitutes over 96 percent of their pregnancy  resolution services, as they call them; whereas, prenatal and adoption  referral services accounted for less than 4 percent of pregnancy  resolution services.   While they may seek to mask their intentions under the banner of  women's health, make no mistake, Planned Parenthood is an abortion  factory dedicated to providing, protecting, and expanding access to  abortion.   Moreover, something else to think about is that at least 50 percent  of those babies killed are girls. Recent reports indicate that over 50  percent are children of color. Think about the misogyny and the racism  of those genocidal numbers.   I strongly believe that life begins at conception, and as a father  and a Christian, I am deeply committed to protecting the sanctity of  life. In the 116th Congress, I have sought to be a voice for those who  cannot speak for themselves and have cosponsored over 20 bills to  protect life.   I am also proud to have joined 206 other pro-life Members of Congress  in signing a recent amicus brief to the Supreme Court. If successful  and this so-called right to abortion, as outlined in Roe v. Wade, is  considered unworkable by the courts, then it is time to overturn that  tragic decision.   Mr. Speaker, I close with this: Millions of Americans believe that  life begins at conception and must be protected. I stand with those  Americans to fight for the lives that may be snuffed out before they  have even begun. We must continue to fight for those who have been  denied the opportunity to grow, to flourish, and to make an impact on  our world.   