 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as the whole country knows now, in my  State of Texas, we have recently lost some ground in our war against  COVID-19. After seeing serious progress in flattening the curve, we  have taken what Governor Greg Abbott has called a ``swift and dangerous  turn.''   Over the last couple of weeks, the data has trended in the wrong  direction. We have seen an increase in daily new cases,  hospitalizations, and overall positivity rates. In response to these  growing numbers, I have been working with leaders at every level of  government to ensure we have the resources necessary to continue to win  this fight.   Yesterday, I was privileged to travel back to Texas with Vice  President Mike Pence for a briefing on Texas coronavirus response  efforts. We were joined by Dr. Deborah Birx and HUD Secretary Dr. Ben  Carson--two Coronavirus Task Force members--for a meeting with Governor  Abbott at UT Southwestern Medical Center.   Governor Abbott discussed the concerning picture painted by these  growing numbers. We went from 2,000 cases a day to 5,000, and the  positivity rate soared from 4 percent to more than 13 percent. Some of  our largest cities have experienced single-day records of new cases.   We have relied on our growing testing capability and capacity to  understand how quickly this disease is spreading. In several Texas  cities, community-based testing sites have been integral as part of  this effort. These locations are a partnership between the Department  of Health and Human Services, local public health authorities, and  pharmacy and retail companies, and have been a major driver of our  large-scale testing increase. Many Texans have gone to locations and  received no-cost coronavirus testing, and this information has been  crucial to understanding the community spread of the virus.   As case counts have recently climbed, the concern has only been  magnified by an approaching deadline. Federal support for these testing  sites was set to end tomorrow. The goal, of course, is to eventually  shift these from Federal to State and local partners, but, to be frank,  Texas was not yet ready to make that transition. Until we are, shutting  down these sites would leave us without valuable information about the  growing number of infections.   Last week, Senator Cruz and I sent a letter to the administration to  urge continuing Federal support for community-based testing in Texas.  Our cities need more time to prepare to take on the financial  responsibility of these testing sites, and it would have been a  tremendous risk and an unnecessary risk to cut off funding before that  transition was complete.   On Friday, we got some good news. The administration agreed to extend  these operations in Texas for at least 2 more weeks, with an ongoing  evaluation period after that. This will make sure we can maintain the  testing capacity our public and private partners have worked hard to  establish. Now we are roughly at about 1.9 million tests taken, but  more testing will be the key to navigating this surge. I thank  President Trump and his administration for taking swift action  following our request to ensure that these critical testing sites will  remain operational.   Each day, we are learning more and more about this virus. That is  maybe one of the most maddening things about it. When we started, we  had no idea what the trajectory of this virus would be. We have models,  to be sure, but many of those models proved to be wildly wrong. People  were necessarily and understandably anxious and some fearful about  exactly what we were dealing with. I know we all manage risk in our  daily lives, but uncertainty is hard to manage, and that is what we had  at the very beginning.   So we have learned a lot, Dr. Birx pointed out yesterday, about the  virus. We know it predominantly affects elderly people over the age of  80 and younger people with underlying comorbidities for the disease.  Almost everybody else will recover from the virus. But because more and  more people are turning up with no symptoms themselves, they are a risk  to the people with the highest risk of mortality.   So I also believe we need to remind ourselves of the simple lessons  we were told at the beginning. We were actually pretty good at it. Dr.  Carson said: We know what to do; we just quit doing it. We know we need  to maintain social distance. Mask when we can. We need to wash our  hands. If you feel sick, stay home. Those are the sorts of things we do  here in the Senate, which have allowed us to safely operate these last  couple of months.   I also think we need to come up with a different strategy when it  comes to testing. We not only need more testing, we need a strategy for  testing, because until now, we have depended on people to show up and  raise their hand and say: I want to be tested. But if you are  asymptomatic, why would you go in for a test? You would have no  indication that you have the virus or were potentially a risk for  community spread to the most vulnerable part of our population.   So talking to Dr. Birx and others, I think this is something that we  all ought to think more about and that the administration--I know I  talked to the Vice President about this as well--not only come up with  a strategy for more testing but a better strategy to make sure we are  hitting as many people as we can so we can find those asymptomatic  carriers because that is primarily what we are finding out now with  more testing in Texas. But we also know that, whether it is a  combination of Memorial Day or the opening of bars, where it is hard to  socially distance--and there is not a whole lot of that going on in the  bars--our Governor has now tapped the brakes, has closed the bars, and  has stopped the gradual reopening of our economy until we get a handle  on this worrisome spread of new cases.    If you look at the demographics of the new cases, it is people  between the ages of 20 and 59. More and more, there are those who have  underlying health problems who are ending up in our intensive care  units, and as we know from before, when we wanted to flatten the spread  so as not to impose an uncontrollable surge on ICU beds, we have to get  our house back in order.   For the most part, that means that not only does the Federal  Government have to do its part, but the State and local governments  have to do their part, and we have to do our part, each of us. Each  American has to do their part to follow the guidelines, and we will  defeat this virus.   I know, in listening to Secretary Carson yesterday, that I told him  he must have some Texas in his background because he made these  comments, which  [[Page S3636]]  I thought were so appropriate. He said: ``We must learn to dominate  this virus and not let the virus dominate us.'' I think that is exactly  the kind of spirit that we all ought to have as we work forward  together on an individual, on a local, on a State, and on a Federal  level to dominate this virus.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   