 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of S. 461, the Historically Black Colleges  and Universities--HBCU--PARTNERS Act, which stands for Propelling  Agency Relationships Towards a New Era of Results for Students.   This legislation is a result of bipartisan, bicameral collaboration  and executive leadership across administrations. Executive orders on  HBCUs began under Jimmy Carter and have evolved with each succeeding  President.   In 1989, George H.W. Bush established the first President's Board of  Advisors on HBCUs and the White House Initiative on HBCUs.   In February 2017, President Trump built upon these historic efforts  and issued an executive order to promote excellence and innovation at  HBCUs. S. 461 would codify President Trump's executive order to pave a  brighter and stronger path forward for HBCUs.   Notably, this bill established the President's Board of Advisors, a  23-member board responsible for advising the President and reporting on  strengthening the educational capacity and economic offerings of HBCUs.   The board will also work closely with the White House Initiative on  HBCUs to make recommendations to improve overall competitiveness of  HBCUs, their ability to remain financially secure, how to elevate  public awareness and appreciation of HBCUs, and more.   Federal agencies will collaborate with the White House Initiative on  HBCUs, and each agency will work to increase the capacity of HBCUs to  compete effectively for Federal grants and contracts and to participate  in Federal programs.    As a member of the Education & Labor Committee, I have spent time  learning about the ways in which HBCUs serve our country's students and  higher education community. I know I speak for many on the committee  and in this Chamber when I say that HBCUs play a critical role in  preparing our country's next generation of leaders and innovators.   This legislation before us today will empower HBCUs' education and  economic offerings so they can continue  [[Page H6880]]  serving students, families, and communities across the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in voting  ``yes'' on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The HBCU PARTNERS Act is a culmination of leadership from both  Republican and Democrat administrations. This bill has been crafted  with bipartisan, bicameral input and, more importantly, with input from  HBCU groups themselves.   HBCUs are a critical part of America's postsecondary education  system. Today's legislation will renew our commitment to these  institutions and empower HBCUs to continue providing countless men and  women opportunities to pursue their dreams.   I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1153, the Stop Student  Debt Relief Scams Act. I was proud to have introduced the companion  bill to this, H.R. 2888, with Representative Stevens.   We cointroduced this bill, and I want to thank the gentlewoman for  her leadership on this bill and for her work on this important issue.  This is bipartisan, bicameral legislation that will crack down on  third-party debt collection scammers who exploit vulnerable students.   Over 40 million Americans today, Mr. Speaker, owe a collective $1.5  trillion in Federal student loan debt. Students are working hard to pay  off their loans, but many are struggling to make ends meet. To that  end, Congress offers borrowers an array of options to relieve the  financial pressure of their debt.   The Department of Education hires Federal student loan servicers to  assist borrowers in repaying their loans by helping the borrower select  the best option for their specific situation.   These services are all provided at no cost to borrowers.  Unfortunately, there are hundreds of malicious third-party debt  collection companies that are seizing on students' vulnerability and  engaging in predatory schemes by selling students on the notion that  their company will reduce or make the student loan debt disappear.   These are scammers who trick borrowers into paying an exorbitant fee  for a service that is already available for free through the Federal  student loan servicer. Even worse, the victims of the scheme usually  become delinquent and enter default because their payments are no  longer going to reduce their loan balance but are, instead, lining the  pockets of these debt relief scammers.   This bill and the House companion bill would help Federal and State  officials take action against these scammers. Specifically, the bill  clarifies that it is a Federal crime to access the Department of  Education information technology systems for fraud, commercial  advantage, or for private financial gain.   The bill also penalizes scammers with a fine of up to $20,000,  imprisonment of up to a 5-year sentence, or some combination of both.  These measures ensure that there are strong deterrents set in place to  prevent widespread abuse from debt scammers.   Our bill also improves student loan exit counseling by warning  Federal loan borrowers about debt relief scams and informing them that  these third-party companies charge money for services that are already  provided to borrowers for free by the Department of Education.   Creating awareness will significantly aid students' ability to spot a  scam. Importantly, this legislation requires the Department of  Education to maintain commonsense reporting, detection, and prevention  activities to stop potential or known debt relief scams.    Student loan borrowers face many obstacles in our generous yet  complicated student loan system. Congress must see to it that the  malicious actors who seek to con students and line their own pockets  are stopped.   Mr. Speaker, the Stop Student Debt Relief Scams Act is bipartisan  legislation that holds third-party debt collection scammers accountable  for their predatory schemes to line their pockets at the expense of  hardworking families.   At a time when Americans are feeling the financial impact of the  coronavirus pandemic, this legislation is even more important and is a  commonsense measure to prevent borrowers from falling victim to these  scams.   Today's legislation will help strengthen the tools Federal and State  officials need to combat these bad actors while also educating student  loan borrowers.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   