 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in  opposition to Mr. Allen's amendment to delay the effects of this bill.   We do not need a study to tell us that a substantially higher burden  of proof for some forms of discrimination makes it far more difficult  for workers to get their day in court and to prevail. People may be  winning cases, but they are not going to court in the first place in  huge numbers.   When cases become materially more difficult to win, attorneys become  much less willing and able to represent workers in those cases.   We have already had a 10-year delay in restoring justice. No more  delays are necessary or warranted.   Age discrimination in the workplace is disturbingly pervasive.  According to an AARP study released last year, three in five older  workers report that they have seen or experienced age discrimination on  the job. That is 60 percent.   Nearly two-thirds of women and more than three-fourths of African  American workers age 45 and older say they have seen or experienced age  discrimination in the workplace. Three-fourths of workers age 45 and  older blame age discrimination for their own lack of confidence in  finding a job.   Mr. Chairman, I ran the workforce system in the State of Michigan for  4 years. Over and over again, I met workers who had lost their jobs  because of age discrimination. Most of them weren't even contemplating  taking legal action. They were just seeking help to find a new job.   I remember a gentleman from Bay City in Michigan who had been in  college years earlier when his dad died of a heart attack suddenly. His  mom said to him: ``Sorry, son. You know everybody has to help keep the  family afloat.'' So he dropped out of college, and he went to work in  retail.   I met him 30 years later. He had been a manager at a sporting goods  store, and the corporation looked at him and said: ``We can get  somebody way younger than that to run this store for half the money,''  and they fired him.   Thankfully, we had the No Worker Left Behind program in the State of  Michigan, and he was able to go back and finish his bachelor's degree.  But he wasn't even contemplating taking legal action under this  statute.   I ran into those cases over and over, Mr. Chairman.   The enactment of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, or ADEA,  in 1967 was an important part of Congress' work to define and protect  civil rights in the 1960s. Over the years, the courts have failed to  interpret the ADEA as a civil rights statute and, instead, have  narrowly interpreted these protections and broadly construed the  statute's exceptions, compounding the barriers facing older workers.   The Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act is a  bipartisan proposal that realigns the legal standard for proving age  discrimination, to simplify the requirement so employees have a genuine  mechanism to fight back under the law, just like with the standards for  proving discrimination based on sex, race, or national origin. It is  that simple.    This amendment is designed to keep this bill from going into effect  indefinitely. There is no deadline for GAO to conduct the study this  amendment requires and report back to Congress. It is a delay tactic  when we already have mountains of evidence telling us that older  workers are facing discrimination at work. They need protection now.   Finally, this Congress has been holding hearings on this issue for  years. We have had four hearings over the last 9 years. It is time to  act.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I remind everybody that this is  a bipartisan proposal, and it has undergone substantial debate since it  was first introduced over a decade ago.   Over the past 10 years, Congress has deliberated on this bill through  four legislative hearings, including two hearings in the Education and  Labor Committee. Both the House and the Senate have introduced and  gradually improved this legislation in the 111th, 112th, 113th, 114th,  115th, and now the 116th Congress. It is long overdue that we take  action.   Mr. Chair, I urge all colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   