 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I am incredulous. I cannot believe that we are here  again debating another partisan messaging bill when our Nation's  infrastructure is crumbling. Rather than working across the aisle to  advance a bipartisan transportation and infrastructure bill, the  majority is jamming a partisan wish list through to the floor again  that prioritizes big cities and Big Government over the interests of  the American taxpayer: tripling funding to urban transit programs, a  449 percent increase to rail programs, a 72 percent increase to mass  transit programs, and to those of us in rural areas depending on  highway and safety programs, only a 42 percent increase. We can see  where the priorities of this majority lie, and it is not with the  people of rural America.    I was sent to Washington to ensure that our government is transparent  and accountable for every action it takes. We can't afford the $1.4  million Green New Deal agenda that the majority has brought before us  today.   I represent a district in the Commonwealth of Virginia that is in  dire need of resources to modernize its aging infrastructure and  relieve the congestion bottlenecks that afflict our highways. Most  notable for my region is Interstate 81, a road that spans six States  with over 300 miles of it in Virginia, and that stretches the majority  of my district from Front Royal in the north to Roanoke in the south.   Each year there are nearly 2,000 crashes on Interstate 81 with over  25 percent involving heavy trucks. Over 45 major crashes a year cause  delays greater than 4 hours. Current conditions are not only a  frustration, but a grave public safety concern. People are dying on  this road, and the failure to keep America's infrastructure up to par  is costing lives.   It is unconscionable that instead of focusing on public safety and  improvements to our Nation's roadways, such as Interstate 81, liberals  have hijacked this bill for their own political messaging. Instead of  creating certainty for our local communities in the midst of a global  pandemic, the Democrat majority has cast aside the interests of the  American people in order to appease the extreme wing of their party as  they look to November's elections.   Republicans are willing and open to negotiating realistic ways to  rebuild our highways and infrastructure, but it must be done in a  fiscally responsible manner. I will not vote to leave our communities  saddled with trillions in new debt and the Big Government regulations  contained in H.R. 2. Instead of moving us forward, this legislation  will bring America's economy and its growth to a screeching halt for  years to come.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote to recommit this bill back  to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and develop a bill  that reflects the bipartisanship that this committee and this bill have  been known for for so many years.   