 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Washington for  yielding. He has been a leader in our efforts to reform the Endangered  Species Act and to return management of wolves back to the States.   I also thank the chairman of the Western Caucus, the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar). Congressman Gosar has been instrumental in putting  together this package of 17 bills to modernize the Endangered Species  Act.   I wish we were here tonight to celebrate the successful recovery of  the grizzly bear in the greater Yellowstone ecosystem and elsewhere.  The great news is the grizzly has recovered. Unfortunately, constant  litigation has prevented the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from  delisting the bear and returning management to the States.   I brought Secretary Bernhardt of the Department of the Interior to  meet with families, ranchers, and local leaders in Choteau, Montana,  just last fall. Parents told us how they put bars on their windows  because the grizzly bears were looking in their children's bedrooms.  One mom told me of a grizzly bear that chased her into her home when  the bear heard the sound of her child crying.    At the point bears view children as a food source, we need to make  changes. We have to put human safety ahead of the recovered grizzly  bear.   Misuse and abuse of the Endangered Species Act are also shutting down  responsible forest management. Every forest service project in Montana  seemingly ends up in court. The result: We are unable to manage our  forests, improve wildlife habitat, and reduce the severity of  wildfires.   We must put commonsense guardrails on the Endangered Species Act. We  must restore it to its original purpose of recovering species, not  serving as a tool for frivolous lawsuits from extreme special interest  groups that work to shut down critical projects in our State.   To address these abuses of the ESA, I introduced the Less Imprecision  in Species Treatment Act, or the LIST Act. The LIST Act helps modernize  the ESA. The LIST Act empowers the Fish and Wildlife Service to  promptly act on sound, established science to delist species that have  recovered--and that should be our goal.   The bill allows the Fish and Wildlife Service to reverse listings  that were made due to bad data, and the bill prohibits abuses of the  listing process. It will ban those who intentionally submit false  information from submitting listing petitions for 10 years.   These are commonsense reforms. I am proud to sponsor the LIST Act and  support the rest of the package to better protect species, increase  collaboration, and improve forest health.   These pieces of legislation focus efforts on recovering species  native to the U.S. They ensure that data used to make listing decisions  is publicly available on the internet, and they promote voluntary  wildlife conservation agreements and candidate conservation agreements  with assurances.   We can and must modernize the Endangered Species Act to work better,  and the Western Caucus has offered a path forward.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Washington State  for his leadership on this.   