 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I mentioned recently in one of these  speeches that an identity-laundering group called Donors Trust decided  to do a letter to the editor of my home State paper asserting that they  were just as innocent as newborn lambs.   The Center for Media and Democracy has recently obtained the IRS form  990 for calendar 2019 for this little lamb, Donors Trust, and it has  some fascinating findings.   Donors Trust took in a total of $312 million in donations in 2019-- nearly a third of a billion dollars--up from $198 million in 2018. Of  that, more than two-thirds came from two huge donations--two--one for  $150 million and another for $69 million.   Out of the $312 million they received, $219 million came in two  donations, and both of the donations were anonymous. Now, who makes  anonymous donations of that size? Most people making a donation that  big want their name on the building at the university. What is going  on? Who has that kind of money to give away and a desire to hide  themselves? One wonders.   Donors Trust gave out $162 million in anonymized grants in 2019-- mostly to rightwing groups. This is up from $142.3 million in 2018. I  should actually probably not say that Donors Trust gave them out but,  rather, that they transmitted the funds for the anonymous donors  because a donor can tell Donors Trust where the money is to go. Donors  Trust then provides the expedient service of hiding the donor's  identity.   So where did this anonymous money go? Well, grants of interest  include $7 million to the Federalist Society--1 year, $7 million--up  from last year's $5.9 million. Yes, this is the same Federalist Society  that has selected judges and Justices for the Trump administration.   Is it not obvious that big special interests might buy their way to  the Federalist Society judicial selection table with big, anonymous  donations? When you farm out to secretive private organizations the  power to select Supreme Court Justices and the secretive organizations  take big, anonymous donations, what else are you to expect?  [[Page S7319]]    It would be interesting to know who paid for a voice in selecting  Supreme Court Justices, and it would be interesting to know what  business they may have before the Court. But all of that is shrouded in  secrecy and anonymity. It would be logical to assume that $7 million  bought a seat or two at that table; we just don't know for whom or what  their interests were.   Relatedly, Donors Trust transmitted $10.5 million to something called  the 85 Fund, a Leonard Leo shell group formerly known as Judicial  Education Project. Who is Leonard Leo? Leonard Leo ran the Justice- picking, Court-packing scheme for the Federalist Society for years  until an expose by the Washington Post made it prudent for the  operation to bring in a new face named Carrie Severino. It is a little  bit like replacing a burned agent in a covert operation with a new  agent.   The logical conclusion is that this $10 million is also related to  packing the courts with special interest-chosen judges and Justices,  and if so, that brings the total for that project to over $17 million,  counting the Federalist Society money--$17 million in 1 year just  through Donors Trust.   Of course, once you have packed the Court with agreeable Justices,  you need to tee up agreeable cases for them. And guess what. Donors  Trust also transmitted $2.7 million to advocacy groups that bring those  cases, including the groups that presented to the Supreme Court Janus,  the anti-labor case, and Shelby County, the anti-voting rights case.  These are just two of the more infamous of the 80 5-to-4 partisan  decisions giving big wins to Republican donor interests--just the kind  of interests that have the money to push millions through Donors Trust  and the motive to use Donors Trust to cover their tracks   When this dark-money-funded enterprise is not busy at the task of  packing the Court, it is busy propagating climate denial and  obstruction. It has been at that particular scheme for years. Climate  denial and related political obstruction, packing the courts, and  electing Republicans are the three primary purposes of this dark-money  enterprise.   To keep climate denial cooking, Donors Trust transmitted nearly $19  million to rightwing local so-called think tanks, collectively called  the State Policy Network--a group that propagates climate denial and  obstruction at the State government level--and to ALEC, the American  Legislative Exchange Council, which drafts up rightwing and climate  denial and obstruction legislation for State legislators. This ALEC  group is so reprehensible that even ExxonMobil withdrew its support for  it--or maybe they just laundered their support through Donors Trust. We  don't know.   Not content with climate denial and obstruction at the State level,  Donors Trust also transmitted $4.5 million in anonymous money to eight  different national climate denial organizations. These include the  Heartland Institute, notorious for comparing climate scientists to the  Unabomber and sending 200,000 fake, climate-denying textbooks to school  teachers around the country.   On this graphic prepared by a researcher into the climate denial  enterprise, Donors Trust is front and center, right here, right in the  middle of the web, and that Heartland Institute is right here, part of  the network.   The other organization that it funded is the Competitive Enterprise  Institute, which planted noted climate denier Myron Ebell to lead the  Trump transition at EPA and usher in the disgraced Scott Pruitt as  Administrator.   On a personal note, I should thank Donors Trust for transmitting  $769,000 from some anonymous donor or donors to a dark-money opposition  research group called Capital Research Center, which has as one of its  tasks to feed misinformation about me to rightwing media outlets. I  think that is my reward for calling out this whole crooked dark-money  operation. And wouldn't you know--they send out a dark-money group to  defend their dark-money operation. I appreciate the attention and the  irony.   Others in the Donors Trust dark-money creep show include $4 million  to Project Veritas, which cooked up deceptive sting videos in Minnesota  and other States to feed the false election fraud narrative of Donald  Trump and the far right, and also $1.5 million to a beauty called VDARE  Foundation, whose website is a vector for anti-Semitism, xenophobia,  and White nationalism. I can see why someone would want to hide giving  a million dollars to that.   Donors Trust has a tag-along entity that sends a lot of money into  the same places--the Charles Koch Foundation. In fact, it is a little  hard to tell where this Koch Foundation ends and where Donors Trust  begins.   Donors Trust has provided significant financial support to the Koch  political operation's major front group through the Americans for  Prosperity Foundation, which is here on the graphic. It is like a  reunion going through this research. And Donors Trust, in turn, has  received financial support from the Charles G. Koch Foundation. So  money out to the Koch political operation and in from the Koch  Foundation. I don't know why the Koch Foundation couldn't just have  given the money directly.   It has been reported that the Koch network has provided Donors Trust  with most of its backbone, even to the point of being described as part  of the Koch network, and the Donors Trust employees have extensive  histories within the Koch network of political front groups.   The Center for Public Integrity reported this gem: ``At a private  Koch fundraising meeting in the summer of 2010, Donors Trust hosted  cocktails and dessert for . . . a `target-rich environment' of wealthy  donors.'' Sweet indeed.   So when we look at this Charles Koch Foundation, we are looking at  something interlinked with Donors Trust, and sure enough, there is also  overlap in where the money goes.   In 2019, this Koch Foundation gave out $141 million, up from $127  million in 2018. For the State-level climate denial State Policy  Network we talked about, it gave $2.5 million across 13 so-called think  tanks, and it gave nearly half a million dollars to that same ALEC-- American Legislative Exchange Council--we talked about.   Other Koch grants of note include over $22 million to George Mason  University, whose role as a hothouse for developing deregulatory and  climate denial theories is well documented in Nancy Maclean's terrific  book, ``Democracy in Chains.'' This $22 million continues a  relationship that helped put Koch operative Neomi Rao from George Mason  into the Trump White House and then onto the DC Circuit Court of  Appeals to do the Koch operation's business from behind robes.   Remember those special interest front groups that tee up legal cases  for the judges and Justices who have been ushered onto the courts? The  Koch Foundation turns up there too. The Koch Foundation has spread $6.2  million around 10 separate amici curiae--friends of court, so-called-- that showed up in a case called Americans for Prosperity v. Becerra.  And what do you know? Yes, Americans for Prosperity is that Koch  political operation's main front group--such a small world.    Why would Koch political interests want to fund amici in a case where  a Koch front group is already the plaintiff? Well, let's look at that  case. The ``Becerra'' in Americans for Prosperity Foundation v. Becerra  is the California attorney general, a nominee for HHS Secretary now, I  gather. The case is an abstruse technical challenge to how the IRS  shares tax information with States.   Why this gathering of the Koch-funded clan of front groups around  this little technical case? Because the lifeblood of all this dirty  operation is dark money. Indeed, today, our Supreme Court is the Court  that dark money built. So the dark money operation sees a chance to  enshrine dark money in the American Constitution. The dark money forces  that built this Court want the Court to expand the First Amendment to  protect anonymous, dark money political spending by secretive  billionaires and corporate interests. This is the case where they  intend to make their move. It is waiting in the Supreme Court right  now. Who knows, maybe it has been waiting for Justice Barrett.   Lined up as amici curiae in this otherwise nondescript case, in the  order of their Koch Foundation funding, are: the Cato Institute--I  can't read this well enough to point them out, but these are  inhabitants of this graph as  [[Page S7320]]  well--$2.4 million from the Koch Foundation; Texas Public Policy  Foundation, $1.5 million; Pacific Legal Foundation, $1 million; New  Civil Liberties Alliance, $1 million; Buckeye Institute, $104,200;  Independent Women's Forum, $100,000; Pacific Research Institute,  $100,000; Philanthropy Roundtable, $30,000; Institute for Justice,  $12,584; and National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation, $8,156.  When you look at the kind of money that is being doled out, I think the  Institute for Justice and the National Right to Work Legal Defense  Foundation have some cause to complain that they got treated so poorly  with such small donations from such a big operation.   The gathering of that clan is not the only clue that something is up.  Big players in the dark money racket, like the fossil fuel titan  Marathon Petroleum and the massive climate obstructer that calls itself  the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, are already objecting to requests for  information about their dark money operations by asserting that such a  right exists. They are already asserting that such a right exists,  while the dark money schemers are lining up in this case to make that  push to the Supreme Court. Wouldn't it be convenient if they helped  build a Court willing to agree with them and establish this new right  to dark money influence?   This whole dark money mess smells to high heaven. Why big donors feel  they have to hide? Why this complicated network to play Whac-A-Mole  with different groups who can show up? Why the orchestration of Supreme  Court briefs with groups that purport to be separate? Why the whole  scheme? It is a recipe for corruption. It prevents citizens from  understanding what is going on in their own democracy. It empowers the  worst forces in politics. It is the mechanism through which climate  denial has been effectuated, and it is wrapping its tentacles more and  more tightly around our U.S. Supreme Court.   And Donors Trust--that sweet little lamb--is at the center of the web  dolling out hundreds of millions of dollars--some lamb. Donors Trust is  a wolf in lamb's clothing or perhaps better to say Donors Trust  provides the lamb's clothing that cloaks the wolves so that they can  feed more voraciously and anonymously on America's body politic.   I yield the floor.   