 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note provisions in  H.R. 7617 which provide $5 million for the Maglev Deployment Program,  also known as MDP, and an additional $100 million in Title V of the  bill.   The MDP was created in 1998 as a competitive program to encourage the  development and construction of an operating maglev transportation  system capable of safe use by the public at speeds in excess of 240  miles per hour. The program was not intended for the United States to  deploy a new transportation system somewhere in America and not for  research. America has fallen behind as countries like China and Japan  have deployed magnetic levitation transportation systems.   Congress directed the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) to  establish project selection criteria, to solicit applications for  funding, to select one or more projects to receive financial assistance  for preconstruction planning activities, and after completion of such  activities, to select one of the projects to receive financial  assistance for final design, engineering and construction. Funds were  only available to States or an Authority designated by one or more  States and included required State matching funds.   The FRA received eleven applications for MDP funding and selected  seven projects for Initial Feasibility Studies. The FRA then completed  a Programmatic Environmental Impact Statement and Record of Decision  for the MDP.   As a result of the prior rounds, the FRA further selected two  projects to continue: Baltimore-Washington and Pittsburgh. Other  projects in the Program, such as Atlanta-Chattanooga, could continue  but without federal support.   In 2008, Congress passed SAFETEA-LU providing an additional $90  million in Highway Trust Fund contract authority for the MDP. In  clarifying eligible projects for the MDP Congress explained that for  projects east of the Mississippi River ``the intent is to limit the  eligible projects to three existing projects east of the Mississippi  River: Pittsburgh, Baltimore-Washington and Atlanta-Chattanooga.''   Subsequently, the Pittsburgh project was discontinued, leaving the  Atlanta-Chattanooga and the Baltimore-Washington projects as the two  remaining in the competition. In 2019, the Georgia DOT determined to  not pursue Atlanta-Chattanooga any further.   As a result, after 20 years of work, more than $100 million of  private sector investment, millions of dollars in state and federal  investment, the most advanced and sophisticated of the projects has  emerged as the winner. All of the participants have expended time and  funds in reliance on the fact that the longstanding competitive process  would ultimately end in the selection and, hopefully, construction sofa  single project.   It is critical that the federal commitment continue. I applaud the  Committee and Congress for its continued federal commitment to the MDP.  After so many years of monetary and time investment, by many  participants, the good faith effort by the State of Maryland and the  Maryland private sector should result in the purpose the competitive  program was designed to achieve. Congressional intent has never  changed. Indeed, the Baltimore-Washington Project has attracted  potentially billions of dollars in nonfederal investment.   I rise to make it abundantly clear, as Congress did in 2008, that  funds in the MDP are available only to current participants in the  program, and it is not the intent of this Congress to restart a 20 year  competition to new entrants, after so much work, reliance on the  process and expenditure. It is clear to this Member that FRA discretion  to award funds is limited to those existing projects in the Maglev  Deployment Program.   