 Thank you very much, Senator, for those very thoughtful  remarks.   Twenty-one days--that is how long one Florida public school teacher  was on a ventilator after contracting COVID this spring. Plasma  transfusions and anti-viral medication ultimately saved her life. And  now she is being asked to return to the classroom--a job she loves,  teaching kids she loves. She wants to go back but is afraid to go back  while the virus is surging, while more people in her community are  being sent to the very same hospital.   In Arizona, a small school district lost a teacher to COVID despite  following all the protocols. The superintendent called a safe reopening  a fantasy, saying: ``Kids will get sick or worse. Family members will  die. Teachers will die.''   Yet children will be denied needed education funding unless classes  are in person, according to the President.   Should the majority, which has failed to take action on the House- passed Heroes bill for months--should the Trump administration itself  have done a better job making it safe for kids and teachers to return  to school? Absolutely. And the continued failure to act, to lead, to do  a better job of containing COVID will cost people their lives and  children their education. What is the Republican plan to avert this  catastrophe? ``OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!'' the President tweets in all  capital letters. The Republican plan is to open the schools for in- person learning--or else. Open the schools even when the transmission  of the virus is not contained. Open the schools even if testing and  contact tracing are inadequate to manage the spread of the virus. Open  the schools even if your facilities do not have adequate ventilation.  Open the schools or we will privatize the public school system. Open or  else.   We know what happens when things reopen when community transmission  remains high, when proper public health safety measures are not in  place, when we do not have the rapid-result testing and contact tracing  necessary to contain the virus. We get outbreaks. People get sick.  Hospitalizations and deaths increase. What is the President's response?  He said: ``It is what it is.''   What has Senate Republican leadership prioritized? Shielding  businesses from liability and being sued for negligence. In other  words, if reopening too quickly results in more sickness, ``it is what  it is.'' This approach is appalling and unacceptable and must be  rejected.   School is a lifeline for children in the communities hit hardest by  the pandemic and the ensuing economic fallout. The Federal Government  must step in with a comprehensive plan and the resources to make sure  that school is there for these children, the teachers, the custodians,  the parents, the family.   We know this school year will be like no other. School districts will  need to redesign the school day and be prepared to switch to distance  learning, as necessary. There will be new protocols for sanitization,  transportation, and staffing.   Teachers need training on how to stay safe in the classroom. You will  recall that many in this body wanted to add firearms training to the  list of teacher duties. It is disheartening to note that many of the  same Members who wanted to equip teachers with guns and firearms  training are now unwilling to provide them with basic cleaning supplies  and personal protective equipment. They are denying them the resources  and training they need to keep themselves and their students safe from  a very clear and present danger: COVID-19.   Schools will have to reengineer the use of space in and around the  school building and reconfigure classrooms to ensure that social  distancing can be maintained. With the recent Government Accountability  Office report showing that over half of school districts nationwide  need to update or replace multiple systems in their schools, such as  heating, ventilation, air-conditioning--HVAC--and plumbing, dedicated  funding for infrastructure is needed as well. In fact, we need  significant money for school infrastructure. We needed it before COVID.  We need more of it today.   More critically, schools will need to increase their capacity to  support children's well-being--including nutrition, health screening,  and mental health support--whether in person or at a distance.   The first step in any reasonable plan to reopen schools starts with  robust, rapid-result testing and contact tracing to contain the spread  of the virus. There is no path for safe in-person schooling without it.  That is step one, and the President has not taken that step yet.   A comprehensive plan for schools would also stabilize State and local  budgets, ensure equity and access to technology and broadband, enhance  nutrition services, and provide support for our broader educational  ecosystem, including afterschool programs, museums, and libraries. For  example, without a robust investment in our public libraries, we will  continue to struggle to close the digital divide and the homework gap.   Many, many, many, many school systems today are beginning their  classes on a remote basis. The children need an electronic device--some  type of laptop, something--and they also need access to Wi-Fi. Many  families don't have that. And unless we step in with the resources to  support the localities and States in providing those capacities, those  children will be denied an education.    One way, as I suggested, to do that is through our public libraries.  As I have gone through Rhode Island, it was encouraging to see in the  afternoon, throughout the State--in small libraries, everywhere--young  people doing their homework. They don't have Wi-Fi at home; they have  it in the library. This is just part of what we have to do, and  libraries can be at the heart of that.   We have to put the resources, the commitment, the plan, the  leadership, the force, and the momentum behind this effort, and we have  seen none of that in the administration. The most fundamental aspect of  all of this is that it does come down to the resources--the  substantial, dedicated resources that have to go to our public schools  to meet these additional costs, to meet these additional demands, to  serve this generation of young Americans who, if they are denied these  services, will be denied an education. And that is not just a momentary  loss; that is a cumulative, lifetime effect that will not only deny  them a chance at opportunity, it will deny this Nation their talent.   These are the issues that we are struggling with at this moment.  These are the issues we must confront. We--the Democratic caucus--have  been calling for $175 billion to support our public schools, to put  education in a place in which this generation of students can learn, to  make this country or continue to keep this country what we always  thought it was: a special place in which anyone with the ability and  the desire to learn would have the opportunity to do so. And that would  mean their success and our community's and our country's success.   We are counting on schools being able to deliver for students despite  the challenges caused by this pandemic. Yet the Senate majority and the  Trump administration are unwilling to commit the resources necessary to  avoid a potential generational catastrophe. State and local governments  [[Page S4911]]  are reeling from the loss of revenue due to the economic shutdown  caused by the pandemic. There is no Governor in this country-- Republican or Democrat--there is no county administrator or city leader  who I think would stand up and say: ``We are fine. We don't need any  help. We are in great shape.''   No. They all have one message, and it has been coming through from  the National Association of Republican Governors and the National  Association of Democratic Governors: You must give us resources and  flexibility to use these resources to fulfill our obligation to the  people of our States.   That is the message. We are seeing school districts across the Nation  starting to lay people off in anticipation of budget cuts. Even if they  are able to maintain current levels of staffing and financial  resources, it would not be enough to meet the upcoming challenges. Even  if they could keep their staff in place, where do they get the extra  money for the infrastructure repairs, for the traditional Wi-Fi, for  the additional teaching changes that have to take place, for the  different approaches to education one must take in order to be  effective in social distancing?   The School Superintendents Association of the United States estimates  that the average traditional COVID-related cost per student will be  $490. We need at least that.   We must go forward with a package that includes provisions of the  Childcare Educational Relief Act, the Library Stabilization Fund Act,  and the State and Local Stabilization Fund Act to ensure that this  generation of Americans can overcome the pandemic and reach its full  potential.   This is a generational crisis. Just as Americans of previous  generations have been called upon to sacrifice and to commit themselves  to the young of this country so that they could have a better future,  we are being called upon to do that, and we are waiting for an answer.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   