 Madam President, starting this week and tomorrow, there  will be a vote on a coronavirus relief bill, and it is a bill that is  targeted to the areas that really need it, it is fiscally responsible,  and it is rooted in reality. In other words, it is a realistic approach  to dealing with the coronavirus challenges that we, as a nation, are  facing.   The Democratic leader and the Democratic assistant leader have been  down here just now talking about the Democratic bill, a bill which  passed the House of Representatives and a bill that was $3\1/2\  trillion in terms of its pricetag and a bill that was filled with  goodies for special-interest groups and lots of leftwing priorities,  many of which have nothing to do at all with the coronavirus.   In fact, $3\1/2\ trillion is a number that I think was pulled out of  thin air. I have no idea how they came up with it. I don't think it was  based on any feedback or input that they got from States or  businesses around the country. I think it was let's just make up as  many things as we can and let's just throw a lot of money out there and  see what it does.    Well, unfortunately, I think people have come to the realization-- people around the country, at least--that every dollar that we spend  now is a borrowed dollar. So the $3\1/2\ trillion that was allocated by  the House Democrats and which has been supported just in the last few  minutes here by the Democratic leader and the Democratic whip is  borrowed money. It should come as no surprise to anybody in this  country that our country already is deeply in debt. We added about $3  trillion earlier this year when we passed the CARES package--at the  time, something that was needed. We needed to be big and bold and move  quickly, which we did.   We have a much better sense now, I think, about this disease, what  the needs are, and we ought to be targeting our assistance to those  areas of greatest need, whether it is small businesses that need  assistance, that haven't been able to reopen; whether it is in the area  of healthcare, our hospitals and nursing homes, the provider community;  or whether it is supporting the efforts that are being made to come up  with vaccines and therapeutics, the money that is going into testing.  Those are all things I think that there was pretty broad agreement on  at the time. We still believe those are things that are essential, in  addition to supporting our schools as they try to safely reopen.   There are a number of priorities out there that I do think we have  learned, gotten more information about, and determined where the  dollars made the most difference, what could be changed and modified in  these programs to make them more workable, and that is what has led to  the discussion we are having now and the bill that we will vote on  tomorrow.   What the Democrats, in their bill--the $3\1/2\ trillion bill--did was  they just decided that money is no object and evidently without, again,  much consideration about how those dollars are spent or in any way  making sure that they are targeted to the right area, to those areas of  greatest need, just basically decided to kind of throw caution to the  wind and throw $3\1/2\ trillion out there at the economy.   The ironic thing about it, in many respects, is that, without having  feedback or input, for example, from State and local governments about  how much they needed, they put another $1 trillion into that bill--$1  trillion for State and local governments--at a time when very little of  the $150 billion that we had already done in direct assistance, not to  mention the additional assistance to States, to education, to colleges  and universities, elementary and secondary education, healthcare  providers--a lot of additional dollars have gone through the States, to  the tune of about a half a trillion dollars already, much of which  hasn't been spent. In fact, of the $150 billion in direct assistance  that went out to State and local governments--the latest numbers I had  as recently as about a week ago--only about a quarter of that, about 25  percent of that money had been spent. Yet they were asking for another  trillion dollars, every single dollar of which is borrowed.   It was just reported recently that, in 2021, the United States will  exceed 100 percent debt to GDP. That puts us in the elite and rare  company of Italy, Greece, Japan, countries around the world that have  gotten dramatically overextended when it comes to their sovereign debt.  When you get to the debt to GDP which is in excess of 100 percent, that  is pretty dangerous territory.   Everybody says we are the best economy in the world, we are the  world's reserve currency, and people are going to continue to want to  invest here in the United States. Well, at some point there are  consequences. The chickens do come home to roost. You cannot continue  to borrow without eventual consequence. At some point, interest rates  will start to normalize, at which time these countries that invest in  the United States are going to demand a higher return. Interest rates-- when they go up, it means the amount we have to pay to borrow money  goes up, and when our interest gets north of $1 trillion, it will  exceed every other item in our budget, including the amount that we  spend for national security.   So that is the other part of the debate which the other side never  references; that is, what are we doing to the long-term future of this  country, to our children and grandchildren, all of whom are going to be  responsible for this debt? We are essentially doing everything we do  right now--putting it  [[Page S5484]]  on the credit card and handing the bill to our children and  grandchildren--which is to say that the Republicans believe that we  ought to do coronavirus relief and help those who need it. I am going  to talk in just a moment about all the things that this bill does to  help those who really need the help, but it ought to be targeted. It  ought to be with some thought toward what is the greatest need? where  can we make the biggest difference? where can we help the people who  are really struggling and really hurting as a result of the virus, the  pandemic? And we ought to do it in a fiscally responsible way. We ought  to do it in a realistic way. We ought to have a bill that is, frankly,  rooted in reality.   The reason I say that the Democratic bill isn't rooted in reality is  because of many of the things that it contained. In fact, there were  more mentions of the word ``cannabis'' in the Democratic bill than  there were mentions of the word ``jobs''--more mentions of the word  ``cannabis,'' a synonym for marijuana, than mentions of the word  ``jobs.''   So if you think about that, the 58 mentions in the Democratic $3\1/2\  trillion bill had to do, for example, with diversity training. This was  a study that was requested--I shouldn't say ``diversity training'' but  a diversity study in the access to financing for people who are in the  marijuana business. That was something that was determined a priority  and funded in the Democratic-passed bill.   Now, that is just one of many examples of why that bill wasn't taken  seriously by anyone. When I say ``anyone,'' I am talking about the New  York Times. The New York Times called it a messaging document and not a  viable piece of legislation. The New York Times called it a messaging  document and not a viable piece of legislation. National Public Radio  said that it was a wish list--a Democratic wish list--of favored  policies. POLITICO called it a long wish list of Democratic policies.  Nobody--nobody took the Democratic bill seriously. When you can't get  the New York Times to speak favorably about a Democratic coronavirus  relief bill, it tells me that it was completely out of step and out of  touch with what is really needed in this country and, certainly, by the  people in this country who do want to see us respond but respond in a  way--again, as I said--that is targeted and is fiscally responsible and  doesn't throw any kind of fiscal caution to the wind, that just throws  money out there at a lot of favored pet causes and ideological agenda  items on the Democratic wish list. That is essentially what that bill  did.   So as we decided to put together a bill, we listened carefully. We  listened to small businesses. We listened to healthcare providers. We  listened to schools, to school administrators. We listened to those  folks who are impacted on a daily basis by the effects of this pandemic  and what is really needed, where are those greatest needs, where can we  make the biggest difference.   This is, again, the focus of the Republican bill that we will be  voting on tomorrow, which, contrary to the assertions that were made by  the Democratic leader, does include a lot of bipartisan policy and  bipartisan cooperation. Many of the provisions in the bill are  provisions that share Democratic cosponsorship. In fact, I would point  out that the changes we made to the PPP program--the PPP program, which  is an acronym for the Paycheck Protection Program, is one of the most  successful of all the programs in the CARES Act that passed earlier  this year. It was a very bipartisan effort shared with people like  Marco Rubio and Susan Collins on our side and Ben Cardin and Jeanne  Shaheen on the Democratic side and others involved in shaping that  program, making it effective. Subsequent to that, changes made it work  even better, and this will include some changes that we think will make  it work even better.   There are some in here that I, frankly, was very supportive of  because they will help people who, under the last Paycheck Protection  Program, didn't receive help because, for one reason or another, they  were excluded from the qualifications to make them eligible for it.   It makes changes in the Paycheck Protection Program, many of which-- again, this is a bipartisan program--will be bipartisan in nature.  There were a number of things that the leader mentioned over here this  morning earlier when he was on the floor in which he talked about some  of the provisions that Senator Alexander had added. There are things in  that space that, again, share bipartisan support. So if you look at  this bill, in many respects the Democrats are also saying that we need  to do more to help our schools open safely, and this legislation does  that. There is significant funding in here that actually helps out-- makes sure that our schools, our administrators, our school boards, our  students, our parents are assisted in a way that would see that our  schools open safely and get our children back to where they can be  learning again at the fastest rate possible.   Those are, again, some of the priorities that were in this  legislation. I would add, because I think it is really worthwhile  noting, that one of the provisions in this bill does take dollars from  the CARES Act that have not been spent and, frankly, may not be spent  and repurposes them so that the cost of this particular piece of  legislation is reduced--something, again, that I think is important. I  think it is important to the American people and it is important to our  kids and grandkids as we look at the pricetags we have been talking  about--the $3 trillion that was done earlier this year, and what we  might do here--that we do it in a way that is fiscally responsible,  with consideration and an eye toward ensuring that the taxpayers are  getting the best return on their dollars and that we are being good  stewards of the American tax dollars and spending in a way that makes  sense and doesn't just throw money out there, which, again, is what I  would argue the $3.5 trillion bill proposed by the House Democrats  did--a bill which, again, was roundly denounced not just by Republicans  or conservatives but by entities like the New York Times.   I want to speak very briefly about what is happening out there--why I  think this bill and this vote is important and why I believe it  addresses the real needs, based on the input that we have received from  the people out there who have been adversely impacted by this.   The good news is we are hearing continually improving numbers on the  economy--as recently as last Friday. The economy added 1.4 million jobs  in August, and the unemployment rate fell again to 8.4 percent.   Let me just be clear: 8.4 percent is not where we want to be. But it  is a tremendous improvement from where we were just 4 months ago, near  the beginning of the pandemic when the unemployment rate was at 14.7  percent. It is very encouraging to see the economy rebounding so  quickly.   The last time America went through a really tough time economically-- during the first few years of the Obama-Biden administration-- unemployment stayed high for years. In fact, during the Obama-Biden  administration, America went through 2 solid years of unemployment that  was above 9 percent.   It has been great to see the economy rebounding at a rapid pace.  Again, we are still a long way from where we need to be and where we  want to be; 8.4 percent is not an acceptable unemployment rate. But we  are definitely on the right track.   One of the reasons our economy is rebounding quickly is that the  economy was thriving before COVID came along. Republican tax reform and  pro-growth policies had driven unemployment below 4 percent and created  jobs and opportunities for millions of Americans. Having the economy in  a healthy position pre-COVID laid the groundwork for a strong recovery.  The policies we put in place during the early years in the pandemic to  help businesses--particularly small businesses--survive the pandemic  and keep workers on the payroll have gone a long way toward helping our  economy rebound.   Republicans are committed to building on those policies, but as  everyone knows, Democrats have so far blocked our efforts. Despite  weeks of negotiating efforts from Republicans, Democrats refused to  budge from their demands for a giant bill that would spend an  irresponsible amount of taxpayer money and include a bunch of measures  with no relation to the coronavirus crisis.  [[Page S5485]]    This week, Republicans are trying again. We have introduced a  targeted bill focused on a few key coronavirus priorities--like helping  the hardest hit small businesses, getting kids and college students  back to school, and providing additional healthcare resources to fight  the virus.   As I mentioned earlier, the Paycheck Protection Program, a program  Congress passed as part of the CARES Act back in March, has played a  key role in helping small businesses survive the pandemic   The legislation we have introduced would authorize a second round of  forgivable Paycheck Protection Program loans for the hardest hit small  businesses but would also simplify the loan forgiveness process for  small businesses with Paycheck Protection Program loans of $150,000 or  less. Again, I would point out that this program, these changes, share  bipartisan support.   The virus has highlighted how much we rely on our Nation's farmers  and ranchers, and I am pleased our legislation includes an additional  $20 billion in funding to allow the Department of Agriculture to  continue to assist ag producers--again, a bipartisan priority.   Our legislation would also provide for an additional $300 per week-- over and above unemployment benefits--for those who have lost their  jobs as a result of the pandemic.   Our bill contains another important measure to help keep our recovery  going and to protect jobs, and that is liability protection.   No matter how many precautions schools, hospitals, and businesses  take, there is no way--no way--for them to completely eliminate all  risk of employees, students, or customers contracting the virus. But  that doesn't matter to the army of trial lawyers itching to levy  lawsuits against even the most careful schools and businesses. I don't  need to tell anybody that saddling businesses large and small with a  bunch of frivolous lawsuits could seriously hamstring our economic  recovery.   There is no question that schools and businesses should be liable for  gross negligence or for intentional misconduct. But businesses and  schools that are taking every reasonable precaution to protect  employees and students should not have to worry about facing lawsuits  for virus transmission that they could not have prevented.   In addition to providing schools with liability protections, our bill  focuses on providing schools with the resources they need to get kids  and teachers back in classrooms safely. Our bill would help expand the  educational options that parents have for their children. And it would  provide increased funding for childcare during this crisis so that  parents who are trying to get back to work have a safe place to send  their kids.   Finally, our bill would provide more money for coronavirus testing  and tracing and for the development of the therapies and vaccines we  need to defeat this virus. And it would focus on building up State and  national stockpiles of the medical resources needed for public health  emergencies like the coronavirus.   I would like to think that Democrats would work with us to get a  version of our legislation passed this week. While this bill may not  address every current or future coronavirus need, it would go a long  way toward helping with our most pressing needs--supporting jobs,  getting kids and teachers back to school, and ensuring that we have the  medical resources necessary to fight the virus.   Unfortunately, it has become very clear that Democrats are more  interested in keeping the coronavirus as a political issue than in  actually fighting the virus. If Democrats were serious about  coronavirus relief, they would be willing to negotiate with Republicans  to arrive at a bill that both sides could agree to and that could  actually pass Congress. But they have made it very clear that  reasonable negotiations are off the table. Instead, they are content to  see Americans suffer or our economic recovery slow in the hopes that  they will be able to use the coronavirus as a political issue in the  November elections.   It is disappointing, but it is not going to stop Republicans from  continuing to try to pass coronavirus relief legislation. The American  people are depending on us, and we are going to do everything we can  not to let them down.   I hope that at least some Democrats will decide that they should join  us.   I yield the floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''   