 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last week, the Senate Finance Committee  voted on the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement. It is called USMCA. I did  something I have never done. I voted for it. I have never voted for a  trade agreement in my time in the House of Representatives and my time  in the Senate. In fact, I helped to lead the opposition to the original  NAFTA among freshmen Members of Congress because I recognized that  every single one of these trade agreements basically had the template  of corporate interests at the center of them. In other words, these  trade agreements--whether it was NAFTA, or the North American Free  Trade Agreement, whether a half generation later it was the Central  America Free Trade Agreement, whether it was the free trade agreement  with South Korea, or whether it was the Permanent Normal Trade  Relations with China--all of them were written by corporate interests  serving the profitability of the executives and  [[Page S186]]  the major stockholders of these companies.   They all tended to precipitate this under these trade agreements in  this Congress, under Presidents of both parties, I might add. I  disagreed with the first President Bush, then President Clinton, then  the second President Bush, and then President Obama. All of them would  submit trade agreements that were written for corporate interests, I  believe, at the expense of workers.   What happened, typically, was that companies that lobbied Congress to  pass these trade agreements would shut down production in Provo, UT, in  the Presiding Officer's State, or Cleveland or Dayton, in my State.  They would shut down production there, move their production overseas,  get their tax breaks, and get their low-wage labor, often worked on  by--almost always--nonunion workers, sometimes underage workers who  were very inexpensive. The products would be manufactured and then sold  back into the United States. That became the business model for company  after company after company since the North American Free Trade  Agreement, where corporations outsourced jobs in order to save money,  always at the expense of communities, particularly in the industrial  Midwest, always at the expense of workers, and always at the expense of  the middle class.   It was welcome news to me when Candidate Trump, with whom I agree  with on almost nothing, said he would renegotiate the North American  Free Trade Agreement. So I tried to work with him. I told him that I  supported his renegotiation.   I worked with Ambassador Lighthizer, the Trade Representative, the  Ambassador for President Trump--the so-called U.S. Trade  Representative. I said to them that we want workers to be the  centerpiece of this trade agreement.   Well, what happened? A year into his Presidency, President Trump  proposed the same kind of trade agreement that we had seen all along--a  trade agreement where corporations were at the center of the agreement  and workers were betrayed.   This is a President who has betrayed workers day after day after day.  He refused to raise the minimum wage. He cut overtime pay for 50,000  Ohio workers. He put people in the courts who put a thumb on the scales  of justice, choosing corporations over workers and choosing Wall Street  over consumers. It is a White House that looks like a retreat for Wall  Street executives except on Tuesdays and Fridays, when it looks like a  retreat for a drug company executive. That is what the President  proposed.   Speaker Pelosi, Senator Wyden and I, and worker representatives--the  AFL-CIO, the UAW, the CWA, the machinists, and the steelworkers--all  said: No, we are not going to support another trade agreement that  sends jobs overseas. We want a trade agreement written for workers.   We said to the President and the President's Trade Representative: We  are not going to support this unless you include strong labor  enforcement standards for workers.   They basically ignored us. We had tried to work with them. They  basically ignored us. They insisted we pass their bill.   Finally, after a year--more than a year--the administration came  along kicking and screaming and agreed with us only because they knew  they couldn't pass a trade agreement without it.   It took the language that Senator Wyden and I submitted for workers.  It works in this way: For the first time, a worker is empowered to  challenge the violation of labor law. So a Mexican worker, where the  company has broken the law by paying them a sub-minimum wage, where the  company has broken the law by refusing them to organize or to allow  unions to attempt to organize, where a company breaks the law on worker  safety--a worker at that company, anonymously, at that worksite, can  file a complaint and set off the clock of the process so we can  actually challenge when they break the law.   We know why companies close factories in Ohio and in the State of my  friend from Rhode Island, in Cranston, RI. They close factories and  open them in Mexico because they can pay lower wages, and they can take  advantage of workers who don't have rights. American workers can't  compete with that. We know that, and we get a race to the bottom on  wages.   What this agreement does is that it puts workers at the center. It  allows for real labor enforcement, real enforcement of labor standards.  So I voted for this agreement. It passed with only three ``no'' votes  in the Senate committee. It will likely pass on the floor either this  week or next week.   But I want to be straight with American workers. This isn't a perfect  agreement. It is one trade deal that Democrats fixed. Democrats and  labor fixed it. Republicans opposed the fix but are now voting for it  because they still want USMCA, but it will not fix the rest of  President Trump's economic policies that put corporations over workers.   Let me give you an example. If you are a company in Dayton, OH, you  pay a 21-percent corporate tax rate. If you move to Mexico or you move  to France or you move to China, you pay only a 10.5-percent corporate  tax rate. So our government continues this because of President Trump's  tax bill, the tax bill that caused us now to have a trillion-dollar-a- year deficit--the largest deficit we have had, except in times of  recession. That tax bill still will make it attractive for companies to  shut down and move overseas. This helps with that.   As I said, I voted yes for the first time on a trade agreement  because by including Brown-Wyden, Democrats have made this agreement,  for the first time, pro-worker. We set an important precedent that,  from now on, every trade agreement we negotiate--and, I believe,  negotiated by Presidents in either party--will include language like  Brown-Wyden, making sure that workers are at the table and that trade  agreements look out for workers, unlike trade agreements in the past.   I yield the floor.   