 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak in  morning business for 1 minute.    Mr. President, I am leading negotiations on tax and  healthcare issues as part of the third phase of economic relief to help  workers, families, and small businesses. We have been working through  tough issues, and we must do it in short order.   The American people need Congress to put partisan politics aside and  provide them relief as quickly as possible to get the economy turned  around, and we must demand this of ourselves as well.   Our multifaceted approach includes recovery checks to Americans,  enhanced unemployment insurance, and much needed resources for our  healthcare system. This is just one piece of the Senate's comprehensive  package; in other words, there are a lot of other Senators who are  working in separate arenas to accomplish in that area what I am trying  to accomplish through the Finance Committee.   I hope that Democrats and my colleagues in the House of  Representatives will work with us to pass our relief package as quickly  as possible. This requires all hands on deck.   From what I just said, you might draw the conclusion that fighting  this virus pandemic is going to be just a role for the Congress of the  United States, as important as that role is, but also, as you read how  people are responding, we have to thank a lot of private large and  small businesses that we read about that are stepping into this abyss  that we call the pandemic.   While we are wringing our hands--and we all ought to be wringing our  hands--you read about manufacturing plants of different varieties all  over the country converting production to badly needed hospital  supplies and testing supplies. You not only read that in the United  States of America but you also read about President Macron of France  saying that we are in a war-like environment--all joining together to  produce these badly needed hospital supplies and testing supplies. You  read about the German Chancellor calling unemployed people out to help  with harvest because workers who normally come in can't cross borders  there.   So we here in Washington might think the only reaction to the  pandemic we are in is only something we can do in Congress, as  important as that is, but it is also very important that we recognize  that there are a lot of people out there in our private sector doing  what entrepreneurs normally do--coming to the rescue--and they need to  be thanked and recognized as well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   