 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, just over a week ago, Senator Harris and  myself, with the partnership and support of many of the Democrats in  the Senate and our Senate leadership, Chuck Schumer, along with  colleagues in the House, our Congressional Black Caucus, and over 250  partners throughout the two Chambers, introduced the Justice in  Policing Act, a bill designed to take concrete steps to bring long  overdue, long called for, much needed, real accountability and  transparency and oversight to policing in America.   We introduced the bill in the wake of the killing of George Floyd by  law enforcement officers in Minneapolis, along with what happened to  Breonna Taylor in her home in Louisville, the killings of other  Americans, names who are now known for the wretched, awful way in which  they died: Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, Michael Brown, and so many others.  So many others whose names we do not know are all part of a system that  does not reflect our common values and does not reflect the highest  ideals of this Nation. In fact, it is just the opposite. It reflects  the darkness of our past and our present. It reflects racism and  bigotry and not equal justice under the law.   We are at a point in American history that is at a crossroad, where  millions of Americans in all 50 States are engaging in some type of  action of protest, whether it is on social media platforms or in the  middle of a pandemic out in the streets. The question we have right now  before us in this body is this: In the face of Americans of all  backgrounds, races, religions, and parties who are calling for reform,  what will this body do?   A lot of folks want to reduce the approaches that are coming forward  as a Republican or Democratic approach. I am telling you right now that  this is not a choice between one side of the aisle or another. It is a  choice between meaningful reforms in this moment or making symbolic  gestures that will do nothing to save people's lives. It is a choice  between action and inaction.   The bill we are proposing is not new. These are reforms that have  been put in place in some cities and in some States. This is a real  effort to hold policing in America accountable for egregious behavior.  It will create transparency, as sunlight is the best disinfectant to  injustice. It will also bring about an end to policies and practices  that should be ended in our country. They have been called for by  President Bush in his first address to Congress for an end to racial  and religious profiling.   We see, in fact, as to some of the more, so-called, controversial  elements of this bill, like qualified immunity, that conservatives and  Democrats on both sides of the aisle--folks from the Cato Institute,  Clarence Thomas, and you see conservative organization after  conservative organization--say the obvious, that no one should be  shielded from accountability when they are violating the civil rights  of another American.   We have a bill that calls for change that will protect lives and  address the practices that have killed Americans, create accountability  and transparency in departments, and make sure that no one in our  country is above the law.   This is not a time for half steps and half measures. It is not a time  to nibble around the edges. It is not a time to find the lowest common  denominator. It is not a time--when so many Americans feel a  metaphorical knee on the neck of justice--for us to pull our knee  halfway off of that neck and call it progress. No, this is a time for  us to do what is right and necessary to end the kind of violence and  murder and unaccountability that we see and that is too endemic in our  Nation.   This is the truth. The measures in this bill will pass. Congress will  one day get this right. I am confident that one day in this country the  provisions in the Justice in Policing Act will ban religious and racial  profiling. I am confident that one day in this country we will ban  choke holds. I am confident that one day in this country we will have a  national registry of police misconduct, of police use of force. I am  confident that one day no one who murders someone in broad daylight in  front of cameras will be shielded from accountability on the Federal  level, in our civil courts, or in our criminal courts, by impossible  standards to meet. It is clear that one day we shall overcome what is  now injustice, that this body will do the right thing.   There will be a time in America when mental health issues will be  treated with healthcare and not police and prisons. There will be a  time in America that addiction will be treated with treatment and not  police and prisons. There will be a time in America that the fragile  within our society will not be further hurt and harmed by practices and  prisons but will be elevated and cared for. I know this time is coming.  But I believe that the time is now, that justice delayed is justice  denied. If we do not act and claim this moment, this time, then we, as  a country, are going to find ourselves here again.   In my short life, I have seen decades of this. I was born right after  the Kerner report calling out these practices and demanding reforms. In  that time, I watched Rodney King get beaten and officers who did it be  held unaccountable for their actions. This cycle is continuing in our  country every day.   There are so many cases that we don't see because we don't have  transparency. They explode into the national consciousness when someone  catches on videotape what we know is wrong but we have not taken the  measures to stop it. Now is the time that we must act and not find  ourselves here a month from now, a year from now, 3 years from now,  watching this awful cycle play over and over.   Listen to the American people--all 50 States, all backgrounds-- joining together in a course of conviction to put a stop to this  nightmare. Now is the time--no half measures, no half steps, no diluted  attempts, no fainting toward what should be done but not having the  courage to boldly go in the direction that one day this bill will pass.  But I believe ``one day'' should be today. Congress should act.   I am so proud that I am not alone in this position. I am so proud  that there are others in this body who are joining with me, with the  same sense of urgency to get broad-based reforms done.   I see my colleague from Oregon, one of the many champions for justice  in this body. I am grateful now to yield to him    Madam President, before the good Senator from Illinois  speaks, I just want to, if I may, express my gratitude to the two  colleagues who just spoke. The Senator from Virginia, who has been a  champion on these issues when he was a Governor and now as a U.S.  Senator, has been in the Senate much longer than I have. I have a lot  of love for the history that he knows of his own State and the fact  that he knows that that history of injustice has to be confronted.   My mom did sit-in events in Charlottesville, VA, when she lived in  DC, where I was born, and she went out to help integrate lunch counters  in his great State. The fact that he is on this bill and he is a leader  on these issues is extraordinary to me at this important time--and  doing it in such a unifying way. I am grateful for that.   I wanted to just say to the Senator from Maryland, I am newer to the  Senate, and he has components of his bill that, after challenges in  Baltimore with Freddie Gray, he helped to lead and write. It is not a  partisan thing that he is calling for. There have been  [[Page S2989]]  many Republicans who have come out and say this idea that you will  profile people because of their race or religion is anathema to the  very ideals of the Constitution. It is so obvious on its face.   I have seen polling where upwards of 90 percent of Republicans agree  that we should not have people profiled based upon their race or  religion, and that is one of the ideals of this bill, if you look at  the common views of this; yet he has been fighting for this for years.  I am grateful to have him as a part of it.   I just want to say, as an introduction, on the Senate floor and for  the record, to Senator Durbin, who has been a partner of mine on  criminal justice reform: This whole system of policing and prisons and  jails which has swept up millions of Americans and their families and  their children is despicable, that we are the land of the free and  incarcerate so many people.   His work on crack cocaine/powder cocaine disparities before I even  came to the Senate has helped to lead to the liberation of so many  African Americans, so I am grateful that he, too, is on this bill.   With that, I yield to the Senator from Illinois.   