 Mr. President, the election is only weeks away. Voting has  already begun in some places. I know that folks at home in Oregon,  where some of our communities are literally reduced to ashes, are  already thinking about how they are going to vote. They will have a lot  on their minds when they fill out their ballots, obviously, and I hope  all Americans will fill out their ballots early as a raging pandemic  and catastrophic fires in Oregon and across the West have taken a huge  toll on our communities.   What I want to do this morning--and I am going to use public records  to sound an alarm--is talk about another issue that isn't getting  nearly the attention it deserves--not even close. A Medicare crisis is  headed our way and fast. Whoever wins the next Presidential election  will be in charge during the biggest crisis Medicare has ever faced.   Based on these public records, I want to warn the public-- particularly seniors--about something I believe they already know: You  cannot trust Donald Trump to protect Medicare, so you have to protect  Medicare from Donald Trump.   Donald Trump has proposed extreme budget cuts to Medicare for 3  straight years. In 2018, he proposed cutting $500 billion, and in 2019,  more than $800 billion. In 2020, Donald Trump proposed cutting $450  billion from Medicare. The Democrats blocked him from making those  cuts, but in another Presidential term, he could undermine Medicare on  his own. Here is how the situation comes to be.   Our economy melted down earlier this year because the President  downplayed the coronavirus. Millions were out of work, and businesses  shuttered--whole sectors of our economy mothballed. The economy  collapsed. Again, I base this on public records. It has been  devastating to Medicare's finances. According to the nonpartisan  experts in charge of Medicare's books, the Medicare trust fund is going  to be insolvent within 4 years.   These funds are essential to Medicare as we know it. They pay for  basic services that millions of seniors need each day--treatment for  heart attacks and strokes, care for a broken bone or a bout with the  flu that lands an older person in the emergency room, and access to  skilled nursing care. Once you reach insolvency, you are sending this  country's seniors out into no man's land.   Whether Medicare is going to continue to function the way it does  today is a big unknown. If Donald Trump is in a position to be in  charge, these Trump budgets are going to be the end of the Medicare  guarantee. Ever since I was the director of the Oregon Gray Panthers,  we had always looked at that Medicare guarantee as sacred. It meant  that there would be defined, secure, high-quality health benefits for  America's seniors and that they would be available under any type of  Medicare that older people received.   Based on some of these Trump budget proposals, older Americans are  going to have to figure out some other way to pay for their healthcare  and their prescription drugs. That includes the millions and millions  of seniors who have very modest incomes--many who are just scraping by  on Social Security. What we know based on the policies of Trump's  favoritism for the insurance lobby, they could be at the mercy of  insurance companies and be stuck with huge premiums and bills they  couldn't afford to pay.   The reason I wanted to put this into the Record today and sound this  alarm is that this is not some far-off crisis that Americans and  particularly seniors can ignore and can afford to ignore. If you are on  Medicare now or if you plan on getting on Medicare anytime soon, these  are direct threats to your healthcare. Whoever is sitting behind the  desk in the Oval Office on January 21 is going to be in charge when  this crisis hits.   Everybody ought to understand that the special interests that want to  see Medicare crumble will have an advantage this time around. This  isn't like repealing the Affordable Care Act or slashing Medicaid,  where Trump can't act without Congress. If he has his way, he won't  need Congress to help him undermine Medicare; he would be able to just  sit back in front of the television, forget about his obligation to  protect that sacred Medicare guarantee, and let Medicare just drift  into a crisis on its own. Any attempt to fix it then would have to  happen on his terms, and, for seniors, good luck with that.   The Trump administration has spent years doing the bidding of  healthcare's special interests. In my view, there is no question they  would seize on this Medicare crisis as another way to let those special  interests make a buck, and there would be no way for Americans to know  what kind of financial interests Trump and his cronies would have in  undermining this program that tens of millions of American seniors rely  on every day.   Now, if you were the President and you were to ask him ``Well, what  about  [[Page S5688]]  these comments that are being made?'' and you were to ask about the  budget documents that I have cited today that would unravel the  Medicare guarantee, he would probably tell one of his bold-faced  whoppers. He would probably say he would be the only person who could  fix Medicare's challenges and would mislead the public about the agenda  of those of us on this side of the aisle, who want to uphold and expand  on the Medicare guarantee, who want to make sure, for example, that  there will be affordable medicine for senior citizens, that we are  using the bargaining power of the Federal Government to get seniors a  fair shake and are protecting Medicaid, which is a lifeline for  millions. We will also unravel the damage Donald Trump has done to the  Affordable Care Act, such as trying to let the insurance companies  discriminate again against those with preexisting conditions.   The fact is that Donald Trump has not been straight with the seniors  of this country about his Medicare policies. He hasn't told the truth  about them, and in the days ahead, I intend to make sure that this  truth gets out and that seniors really understand what is on the line  in the weeks ahead.   I yield the floor.   