 Mr. Speaker, I have enormous respect for my colleagues  on the Armed Services Committee. This particular piece of legislation  that was brought, it was amended into my bill, H.R. 550, and was  debated for more than an hour and a half in the Armed Services  Committee and on the floor when the National Defense Authorization Act  was enacted. It has been thoroughly reviewed.   And, with all due respect, it is not the end of the world. But it is  the reassertion of Congress for our constitutional responsibilities.    Since I first came to Congress in 2009, I have authored legislation  and voted consistently to repeal the 2002 AUMF, which is really a very  open-ended authorization for the President to do virtually anything he  wants.   Yesterday, in a hearing we heard, in an unclassified portion of that  hearing, from the Pentagon's lawyers that essentially said the 2002  AUMF allows the President to do anything with any threat that emanates  from Iraq. We should consider that seriously; that if, in fact, that is  their justification and, in fact, that is also written into the  President's, or the White House's view of this legislation; any threat  emanating from Iraq, at any time, into the future. Consider that.   There could be no more powerful reason for us than to terminate the  2002 AUMF with regard to Iraq and come to our senses. When there is an  issue, bring it to the floor, and allow us to debate how we should deal  with Iraq or Iran or any other threat in that area.   Just going into some detail here. The War Powers Act is not  eliminated by any of this legislation. It remains in effect. And the  President has the authority under the War Powers Act and under Article  II of the Constitution to protect America from imminent attack. That  doesn't change. None of that changes.   But what does change is that we are bringing back unto ourselves the  power that the Constitution gives to us for very good reason; that is,  war is a serious business; between Iraq and Afghanistan, probably  several trillion dollars, depending upon the estimate and the cost of  maintaining our veterans into the future; $2 trillion, maybe more.  Lives lost on every side of the war. And it goes on and on and on.   Indeed, Trump came to office saying he is going to end endless wars.  This is our opportunity to reassert our constitutional authority and,  most importantly, our responsibility. We should do that.   We can talk process forever, and we seem to want to talk process more  than the reality.    Mr. Speaker, bottom line, for too long we have failed  our responsibility. We really must act to repeal the 2002 Authorization  for the Use of Military Force in Iraq, and to set clear parameters  about further action against Iran.   