 Mr. President, yesterday, the Senate took the first  step toward concluding our consideration of Judge Amy Coney Barrett's  nomination to the Supreme Court. The judge is one of the most  brilliant, admired, and impressive nominees for any public office in a  generation. Tomorrow, we will vote on advancing her nomination toward  final confirmation on Monday.   Our recent debates have been heated, but, curiously, talk of Judge  Barrett's actual credentials or qualifications has hardly featured in  it. The Democratic leader summarized his view yesterday: ``It's not  about qualifications''--his words.   Instead, our Democratic colleagues have tried to claim the Senate's  process itself is not legitimate. These claims are supposed to lay  groundwork for radical, institution-wrecking changes down the road.   But, of course, they are not true. We live in a constitutional  Republic. The legitimacy of an outcome does not depend on the feelings  it provokes in politicians. Let me say that again: The legitimacy of an  outcome does not depend on the feelings it provokes in politicians.  Legitimacy comes from precedence, rules, and, ultimately, the  Constitution.   Let's restate a few facts for posterity. No. 1, there is no  inconsistency between the Republican Senate's decision in 2016 and our  decision to confirm Judge Barrett this year.  [[Page S6420]]    Here is what I said in my very first floor speech following the death  of Justice Scalia: ``The Senate has not filled a vacancy arising in an  election year when there was divided government since 1888, almost 130  years ago''--not setting some new precedent, just stating a fact.   Fifteen times in American history, during a Presidential election  year, new Supreme Court vacancies have arisen and Presidents have made  nominations. Seven of those 15 times, voters had elected an opposite- party Senate to check and balance the sitting President. Not  surprisingly, in those situations, only two of the seven were  confirmed, and none since 1888. The other eight times, the same party  controlled the Senate and the White House. Seven of those eight were  confirmed--all but one. The one exception unraveled in a scandal.   We followed precedent in 2016, and we are following precedent this  week.   No. 2, it has been claimed that Chairman Graham broke the rules by  reporting out Judge Barrett's nomination--not so. As the  Parliamentarian confirmed on Thursday, standing rule XXVI and Senate  precedent are crystal clear. If a majority of a committee is physically  present and votes in favor of a nomination, reporting it to the floor  is a valid action, irrespective of what committee rules may say.   Chairman Graham didn't even violate the rules of his own committee.  Past chairmen of both parties have done precisely what Chairman Graham  did on Thursday morning. In 2014, for one example, Chairman Leahy and  the committee's Democratic majority voted multiple Federal judges to  the floor without two members of the minority present--just a few years  ago. Nothing remotely unprecedented took place--not in committee, not  on the floor.   No. 3, timing. Some colleagues kept repeating the absurd claim that  this is the most rushed confirmation process in history. Well, that is  flatout false. From the announcement of the nomination to the start of  hearings, eight Supreme Court nominations in the last 60 years moved  more quickly than this one. Eight in the last 60 years moved more  quickly than this one. Then, from the end of the hearing to the  committee vote, half of all confirmations since 1916 actually moved  faster than this one.   Justice John Paul Stevens was confirmed in 19 days, from start to  finish; Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, in about 4 weeks. In the past,  Justices have been confirmed in 1 week; some in 1 day. There is no  argument that Judge Barrett's nomination has moved at a breakneck pace.  Facts are facts.   No. 4, contrary to what has been claimed, the Senate has absolutely  confirmed Supreme Court nominees later in Presidential election years  than this one. Multiple Justices were confirmed after elections had  already happened. We have had multiple Supreme Court Justices confirmed  in December of election years. Senates have even confirmed nominees for  lameduck Presidents who just lost. That is another nonissue.   All of these false claims embarrass those who repeat them, but the  most important point is this: In this country, legitimacy does not flow  from the whims of politicians. Legitimacy does not depend on which  political party makes that decision. Legitimacy comes from traditions,  rules, and the Constitution.   Our Democratic colleagues have spent months obsessively demanding  that our President repeatedly acknowledge that the election will be  legitimate even if he loses. But here in the Senate, with this  confirmation process, Democrats are flunking their own test. Let me say  that again. Democrats want President Trump to keep repeating that the  election will be legitimate regardless of whether he wins, but here in  the Senate, the very same people are saying our vote on Monday will  only be valid if they like the outcome.   Our Republic cannot abide any political faction making  ``illegitimate'' a sloppy synonym for ``we are not happy.'' Of course,  they are not happy. That doesn't make anything about this illegitimate.   That kind of recklessness leads down a road that none of us should  want to travel. That is why I keep correcting the record, even though  it might seem silly. After all, if Republicans have the votes, why not  ignore our colleagues and their statements and move on? I have chosen  not to do that. It remains our duty to separate right from wrong, fact  from fiction, for the good of the Senate and for our country.   Judge Barrett's confirmation process has followed every rule. It has  followed the Constitution in every respect. We have abided by the norms  and traditions dictated by our history, and we are going to vote  tomorrow.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to recess.   