 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 752,  which reinforces our nation's support for the rights of the Iranian  people to have free speech, free association and fair elections. For  over 40 years the Iranian regime has engaged in terrorism and has been  a declared enemy of freedom, human rights, and freedom of religion. The  Iranian regime, a designated state sponsor of terrorism, states its  antipathy for the United States on a daily basis. The regime has  engaged in atrocities in Iran and throughout the world.   Recently President Trump authorized the removal of Iranian terrorist  Qassem Soleimani. The president had the legal authority to do so under  the Congressionally enacted AUMF pertaining to Iraq. In the United  States, expatriates from Iran applauded this as long overdue justice  for a leading proponent of terror, death and destruction. This action  should have been taken years ago by the Obama Administration. Instead  of addressing Iran's terrorist actions, the prior administration gave  aid and support to the terrorist regime. No doubt some of that aid,  including billions of dollars, was used to kill innocent people. It  took the courage of a real leader to be bold and do what needed to be  done.   Our country supports the Iranian opposition via the Organization of  Iranian American Communities. Their fight is our fight. With patience,  a new day will dawn in Iran and its people will be free again.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr.  Newhouse), my friend, for yielding.   I would like to first look at the Special Order and give a big  ``thank you'' to Mr. Newhouse for his passion for solving these issues  affecting the Western States.   Madam Speaker, I have been honored to be the chairman of the  Congressional Western Caucus for the past 3 years. In that time, the  caucus has been the leading voice in the charge to modernize the  decades-old Endangered Species Act.   It is clear that the ESA simply isn't working the way it should.  Statistics show that only 3 percent of species listed under the act  have been delisted.   Madam Speaker, if only 3 percent of the patients admitted to a  hospital walked out healthy, that hospital would be shut down  immediately. This rate of ineptitude is not sustainable.   Back in September, I was proud to organize and chair a forum of  Members of Congress and more than 30 stakeholders from across the  country to hear firsthand testimonials about how the ESA is broken and  to hear suggestions for modifications and reform to make it work  better. These testimonies hit home, exposing the fact that the  Endangered Species Act is in disrepair and in desperate need of reform.   There have been several very positive developments in modernizing ESA  in the last year alone. The administration, with the full support of  the Congressional Western Caucus, proposed three new rules for the ESA.   This new rulemaking is the first substantial amending of the act  since the 1980s. These new rules make the ESA more transparent and  efficient, and they act more in line with Congress' intent.   In addition, I am excited about the Congressional Western Caucus'  Endangered Species Act reform package for the 116th Congress, which  currently comprises 17 separate pieces of legislation. This package  includes six bills that were included in a similar package in the 115th  Congress and three other bills from Western Caucus members offered in  the 115th Congress. It seeks to codify the three regulations recently  finalized by the Trump administration. It also includes six new bills.  These bills protect private property rights, encourage voluntary  conservation, improve forest health in order to  [[Page H620]]  preserve and protect species and local communities, increase multiple- use activities, and protect critical infrastructure.   The sponsoring Members of these bills come from nearly every  geographic corner of the United States. These Members are taking  constituent-driven initiatives and working to make them law.   The need for a package like this is obvious. For example, forests are  burning across the West on a yearly basis, in part because of ludicrous  ESA restrictions.   Similarly, I am sure everyone in this Chamber is familiar with some  of my Democratic colleagues' sentiments that if we do not pass the  Green New Deal, the world will end in 12 years. What they do not talk  about is that there is no way that their already unrealistic renewable  energy goals can be met without large-scale buildup of new power lines  and other energy transmission infrastructure. Under current  environmental regulations, including the ESA, building pieces of that  very infrastructure could take at least 12 years, so I guess we are all  doomed anyway.   As I mentioned earlier, great steps have been taken by the Trump  administration to bring the ESA into the 21st century. My Democratic  colleagues, however, Madam Speaker, cannot help themselves and are  preparing to fight these commonsense proposals instead of helping and  getting onboard.   Tomorrow, the Natural Resources Committee will mark the bill that  will undo these landmark reforms to the ESA. This is, once again, a  purely political act by this House, and it has no chance of going  anywhere.   Instead, I call on my Democratic colleagues to work with us to build  on the new regulations from the Trump administration to get the ESA  working again and better protect species.   Once again, Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. Newhouse, for  allowing me to speak during this important Special Order today and for  his leadership in highlighting the need to reform the Endangered  Species Act.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this  Special Order.   