 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, here we go again. Once again you are about to do what  America doesn't want.   We just came from our districts where we have been solving problems  with our constituents, helping them through a very, very difficult  time, working to make sure that they had funding through the PPP loan  program, working to make sure that our hospitals had the supplies that  they needed.   I hoped there would be a sense of cooperation and shared stories of  good things that were going on back in our district, despite the hard  times. I had hoped that those commonalities from all congressional  districts could be the shared stories that we built a new sense of  cooperation on. But, no. You all seem to be like a bird dog pointing at  a quail. You just can't help yourselves.   First of all, you had Russia, then impeachment, and now the  coronavirus. You just can't do it. And you will say--I have heard it  already--that this will not be partisan, that this is needed work.  Needed more than eight committees that are already out there? Well, I  can tell you this will be partisan, being led by an individual who is  the Democratic nominee's number one supporter.   And I will tell you this: I am willing to bet just about everything I  have got that this will be nothing more than a partisan hack job; and  if it is not, I will be the first one to apologize and happy to buy the  Speaker a pint of her favorite ice cream.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation.   This is important for our communities and our small businesses back  home. We are in a real battle. On one front, we have our incredible  healthcare workers, our frontline healthcare workers, our first  responders, and hospital administrators that  [[Page H1934]]  are fighting out there. And those heroes, we owe a debt of gratitude.  This bill will provide important resources, particularly for our rural  hospitals.   But there is an economic disaster as well. And I would like to say  thank you to another group of unexpected heroes that are out there  working very, very hard every single day, and those are our community  bankers in our small, rural communities.   These bankers have been working long hours, helping the small  business in their communities that they serve. And I will tell you,  there are going to be a lot of stories that come out about good things  and bad things that happen with this program, but I could not be more  grateful for the men and women in our small community banks out there  putting in long hours, long days, doing their dead-level best to help  the communities that they serve.   Madam Speaker, again, I ask that all colleagues support this  legislation.   