 Mr. President, we just finished up a vote on the Senate  floor where we fell four votes short of opening debate on a bill to  deal with police reform--four votes short. We were four votes short of  opening debate to discuss it.   Every single Republican voted for this--and a handful of Democrats.  But the vast majority of Democrats actually said: No, we don't want to  debate this bill. We will only debate the Pelosi bill when it comes out  of the House.   Well, that is absurd. That didn't happen, I can assure you, when  Speaker Boehner was the leader of the House, that the Senate said ``I  will tell you what, we are going to wait and see whatever Speaker  Boehner sends over to Harry Reid'' and Harry Reid would say ``Oh, yes,  please. We will take up whatever the Boehner bill is.'' That was never  done, and they know that.   This is such an odd, peculiar season in our country politically and a  painful season in our country culturally and practically.   Our hope was to have a real debate on a real bill. I was part of the  team in writing this bill. This bill was a genuine push to reform how  we do police work and to increase accountability and transparency  across the country.   The bill that we just needed four Democrats to join--just four  Democrats to join--to be able to open it up for debate would have  banned choke holds across the country.   It would have required the reporting of all serious bodily injury or  death in police custody from everywhere in the country, to start  tracking all of this.   It would have gathered information on no-knock warrants all around  the country to start tracking this information to see if they are being  abused.   It would have put more body cameras on the street. This bill that we  just needed four Democrats to join us on--just four--would have put  $150 million more in body-worn cameras on the street. It wouldn't have  just put those body cameras on the street; it would have also put in  new requirements to make sure they stay on, which has been an issue.   This bill that we just needed four Democrats to join us on, just so  we could debate it and discuss it and amend it, would have had a whole  new system tracking complaints and discipline actions. It would have  pulled together records for law enforcement officers to make sure that  they would have had those records--their commendations and their  discipline--travel to the next department with them. So before an  officer leaves one department and goes to the next, all the records are  made available to the next department so that we don't have a bad apple  moving from department to department.   This bill that we just needed four Democrats to join on with us--any  four--just so we could open it up and debate it and amend it would have  changed the system on a duty to intervene, putting new obligations, new  [[Page S3179]]  training, and new requirements on an officer who is watching another  officer do something they know is wrong to intervene in that process  and to stop it.   It would have a national commission to pull folks together to get the  best ideas from around the country, to gather the best practices that  have happened.   There is also a new piece that is in this--it is not in the Pelosi  bill; it is only in this bill--that deals with giving a false report if  you are a police officer, because at times we will have a police  officer where--when there is serious bodily injury or death, their  written record doesn't match the reality of what really happened, and  it is not just that they misremembered; they intentionally turned in a  false report. This bill that we wanted to just debate today would have  allowed us to be able to add additional penalties onto that, to make  sure someone receives the due penalty if they try to lie on forms.   This bill would have dealt with mental health.   This bill would have dealt with deescalation training. This bill was  designed to help get additional training.   This bill has a section on it using the Museum of African American  History to design a curriculum that we could put out to every  department around the country on the history of race and law  enforcement. It is modeled after what was done with the Holocaust  Museum to deal with anti-Semitism. That is what this bill was designed  to do. We just needed four Democrats to join us. Instead, they dug in,  did press releases, and said: That bill is terrible. It is awful. It  has no teeth in it. That bill is unsalvageable.   I would ask any American listening to me and anyone in this room: Is  there one of those ideas you don't like?   Then the conversation was, well, we are not going to have an open  enough process.   Senator Scott, who is our point negotiator in this, sat down with  Democratic leadership and said: How about 20 amendments on this bill?  If you want to bring something up to amend it, change, it, great.   They said no. Their desire is only Speaker Pelosi's bill or nothing.  I think that is exceptionally sad.   We have been through this journey so many times where we will see a  Black man be killed, we will all watch the footage, the whole country  rises up, and Congress starts debating, and then it stops. It stops  because of silly stuff like this where people dig in and say: If you  don't do it entirely our way, then we are not going to do it at all. It  is not about solving the problem; it is just about prolonging a problem  so you can make it a political issue when families out there want this  solved.   All of those things I listed are all out there.   There are two things I have heard. We are not going to take up your  bill. We are not going to debate it. We are not going to discuss it. We  are going to block it from coming to the floor--which is what happened  today. The two issues I heard are, you know what, I really want us to  go to committee. I want a committee to look at this, take some time, go  through this.   That is a fascinating argument, and I wish it was true. Two weeks  ago, the discussion was ``We need to get on this as quickly as  possible''--until we actually put out a legitimate bill, and then my  Democratic colleagues said, ``Well, there is a problem with how you are  putting it out. We are going to debate it on the floor. I would rather  debate it in committee and then have the floor bring it but not debate  it on the floor. I don't want to debate it out here. Let's debate it  over there.''   No one is buying that argument. No one is buying that. If you can put  20 amendments on this, that is what would happen in a committee. Let's  bring it. Let's talk about it. Everyone sees what that is. Shuffling  bills off to committee is about delaying and stalling and ``Let's delay  this,'' because they know we won't get it this week, and they will  delay it, and then it will be after the Fourth of July. When we come  back from the Fourth of July, we have the coronavirus bills, as they  know, and we have the appropriations bills, as they know. So it is  like, OK, so it will not happen there. So then there is the August gap,  and then it will move to September. What they are trying to do is get  it closer and closer to the election and then make it a big election  issue, saying: Those crazy Republicans will not resolve this. Get it  close to the election and make it an election issue.   Hello--why don't we just solve this instead of dragging the country  through something we all know key ways to be able to solve?   Two issues we know of--one is a purely political issue: stall, delay,  try to get this closer to the election, and then divide the country.  The second one deals with an issue on whether police officers should  face not only criminal liability, they should face civil liability as  well.   You hear this get kicked around all the time with all different kinds  of terms. Speaker Pelosi's bill says: Not only put that police officer  in prison, which they deserve--if they murder someone, commit a crime,  a police officer is as liable for the law as everyone else is, and if  they are not, they should be, and we should fix that. Speaker Pelosi's  bill says: Not only put them in prison but also civilly take their home  and their car and their pension away from their family. Make sure we  leave them destitute and their family destitute, as well as put them in  prison. That is what their bill is all about.   It is the reason why so many police officers are so frustrated and  furious with the bill they adamantly want to put on the floor, because  they are saying that if they did something wrong, they should face the  consequences for it, but don't punish their family.   Speaker Pelosi's bill says: No, the police officers should be in  prison, and their families should have their home taken away from them  and their police pension taken away from them and everything else.   Do you know what we have talked about? We talked about a police  officer facing criminal penalties, as they do now, as they should. If  there is a civil case, why don't we bring it against the department  that didn't train their officer, that didn't supervise that officer?  Instead of attacking an officer's family, why don't we hold people  accountable to actually supervise people better and push the city and  the department to do the right thing: to train and to equip people. If  someone is a problem, don't leave them out there on the street with 18  discipline records; take them off the street. If you don't, the whole  city is going to be held to account for it. That is trying to end this.  That is trying to push toward more supervision, not just trying to be  punitive.   Those are the two differences that I can pick up: political and  civil. Otherwise, a lot of what I mentioned that is in our bill is in  their bill as well.   Tim Scott made a very simple statement: Why don't we put this on the  floor? Why don't we actually debate the differences that we have? Why  don't we have a vote, and then why don't we finish this?   Leader McConnell dedicated this week and next week to this bill on  police reform to give 2 weeks to do all kinds of amendments, all kinds  of debate, but instead, the conversation was ``No, don't want to do  that; it is Speaker Pelosi's bill or nothing'' or ``Let's just slow the  whole thing down and send it to committee and delay, delay, delay  this.''   Why don't we deal with this right now? There are 2 weeks that have  been set aside to do it. There is plenty of time for amendments. Why  not do that instead of just blocking the bill?   I don't know a lot of folks who say to me: I really don't want there  to be more body cameras on the street. I don't want any more oversight  on law enforcement when they turn in a false report or when they turn  off their body camera.   I don't run into a lot of people who say: I want to just go ahead and  leave the system the way it is.   We really don't know what is happening in a police department when  there is bodily injury and harm.   I meet a lot of people who say: Those things make sense to me. Why  don't we do it?   Unfortunately, that is my same question today standing on the floor  of the Senate: Why don't we do it?   With that, I yield the floor.   