 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, families across the country are facing an  unprecedented challenge, and we must act, and act now, on solutions  that put families and the American people first. The Families First  Coronavirus Response Act takes a substantial step toward providing the  relief and assurance communities need as we face this public health  crisis.   Families should not be forced to choose between a paycheck and their  own health and safety, or the health and safety of their community. A  restaurant worker in Vermont cannot afford to stay home from work for  several days or several weeks and still afford to pay her rent or feed  her family, but staying home is exactly what we are asking waitresses,  store clerks, gas station attendants, hourly workers, and many other  employees to do. To contain this virus, we must address this reality.   Today, I am strongly urging Republicans and Democrats to drop their  labels and support this emergency relief package, and pass it now. The  American people need leadership, not political battles. The Families  First Coronavirus Response Act creates two weeks of emergency paid sick  leave so that people who work for small businesses are able to stay  home from work if they are sick or must quarantine due to coronavirus.  It creates up to 12 weeks of job protection under the Family and  Medical Leave Act, and allows an employee to stay home for a longer  period of time to recover from illness, or take care of a sick family  member, or care for a child who must be at home because of school and  daycare closures. These are commonsense solutions. Not only is it the  right thing to do, it is a critical step if we want to contain and  defeat this public health crisis. It means employees won't have to  choose between going to work when they are sick and potentially  spreading the virus and missing a paycheck. This bill also makes  important changes to the unemployment insurance program to help those  that lose their job during this crisis. I hope, as Congress considers  further steps to help address this crisis, we further support the small  businesses that are supporting these employees and are the backbone of  our local economies.   The Families First Coronavirus Response Act would inject $500 million  into the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and  Children (WIC) and contains legislative changes to free up funding to  help children who would go without breakfast or lunch if their schools  closed. It would provide $400 million for the Emergency Food Assistance  Program to ensure that food banks have the resources they need to serve  their communities and provide $250 million for senior nutrition  programs. These are common sense proposals to help families where they  are in their communities.   Importantly, this bill will provide $1 billion to help cover the cost  of testing for people who are uninsured. This virus does not  discriminate between the rich or the poor, or between those who have  insurance and those who do not. Our approach to address this crisis  cannot discriminate either. Nothing can help our country make up the  ground we have lost because of the failed policies and poor execution  of this administration of testing for the coronavirus. Because of the  delays in getting the tests to State and local governments where they  are needed, we do not fully understand the scope or spread of this  disease in our country. We cannot compound these mistakes by denying  the coronavirus test to those who can least afford it. Cost cannot be a  barrier to seeking medical treatment during a public health crisis.   This bill is not perfect. As currently drafted, the paid sick leave  benefits and Family Medical Leave Act polices extend only to companies  with 500 employees or fewer. That leaves many workers in this country  without these important protections. I understand this was the price of  securing White House support for this bill. I would like the White  House to explain why it thinks hourly workers at Target, Walmart, or  McDonald's are less deserving of these protections. If we had the  luxury of time, I would join other Senate Democrats in offering an  amendment to close this gap, but we do not have that luxury. This bill  was a product of compromise, and any change risks a threat of delay at  a time when delay is our greatest enemy.   To my friends across the aisle who also want changes in this bill, I  urge you to stand down. We need to pass this bill today, without delay.  We do not have time for a lengthy debate.  [[Page S1752]]  The American people are looking to us for leadership and swift action;  let's provide it.   This bill is the first step toward meeting American families where  they are as they confront this crisis. In my more than 40 years in the  United States Senate, few moments have demanded our bipartisan  leadership more than this crisis. We must provide the protections in  this bill--paid sick leave, unemployment insurance, nutrition  assistance, and affordable testing for the American people--and we must  do it now.   I this time of uncertainty, concern, and fear, I want to remind my  fellow Vermonters and all Americans: We are all in this together. We  can be smart about how we conduct our lives, while being good  neighbors. We can support our communities, our first responders,  healthcare workers, store clerks, and shelf stockers, and all those  providing essential services. I am confident that our country will  emerge from this crisis stronger than we were before, as we always  have. I strongly encourage Republicans and Democrats to support this  bill.   I see nobody else seeking recognition. I suggest the absence of a  quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I entered the Senate in the wake of  Watergate in 1975. The very first vote I cast was in favor of creating  the Select Committee to Study Government Operations with Respect to  Intelligence Activities and the Rights of Americans--that is, the  Church Committee. Through that Committee's work, the American public  soon learned of years of abuses that had occurred at the hands of the  executive branch's intelligence agencies. In response, the Senate  passed sweeping reforms to rein in this overreach.   Since then, more flaws and occasional abuses have been documented  within our surveillance authorities, but the Senate rarely has had an  opportunity to debate and improve them. We did so in 2015, when Senator  Lee and I led the effort in the Senate to pass the USA FREEDOM Act.  Senator Lee and I strongly believe the Senate should do the same now.  We should strengthen the amicus program, ensure that all exculpatory  information is provided to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court,  and make other basic changes to better protect the civil liberties of  all Americans.   I am thankful that Majority Leader McConnell today has agreed to what  Senator Lee and I requested last week--that we pass a short extension  of the expiring FISA authorities to give us an opportunity to both  review and improve the House bill with a limited number of amendments.  Critically, this will give us time to take up this issue after the  Senate responds to the coronavirus.   I am particularly thankful to Senator Lee, who has tirelessly worked  to reform surveillance authorities since he came to the Senate. With  today's agreement, we will have the next 2 months to build consensus  around important reforms, and I hope all of you will join us in this  effort. That is what the Senate did when confronted with abuses  documented by the Church Committee, and that is what the Senate must do  now.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   