 Madam President, in Federalist Papers No. 65, which we  have heard referred to quite a bit in the last 2 weeks, Alexander  Hamilton warned that the impeachment process should never be used as a  partisan political weapon. He said that impeachment can ``connect  itself with the pre-existing factions and will enlist all their  animosities, partialities, influence, and interest on one side or on  the other . . . in such cases there will always be the greatest danger  that the decision will be regulated more by the comparative strength of  the parties, than by the real demonstrations of innocence or guilt.''   Today, unfortunately, over two centuries later, Hamilton's fears have  become reality. This current impeachment process has never been about  the truth, justice, or the rule of law. For my colleagues across the  aisle, this is only about overturning the 2016 election, impacting the  2020 election, and gaining the Senate majority.   From the start, this House process has been totally illegitimate. The  Articles of Impeachment that the House of Representatives presented to  us last month were nothing more than the fruit of a poisonous tree.   In America, we believe in the rule of law. In America, we believe in  due process. In America, we believe anyone has the right to a fair  trial. In America, we believe anyone is innocent until proven guilty.  However, House Democrats violated each of these foundational precepts  in using the impeachment process as a partisan political weapon.   Throughout the course of the House impeachment investigation,  Democrats repeatedly denied President Trump due process and the  fundamental rights of the accused in America. Simply put, what they did  was not fair. They denied him the right to have counsel, the right to  have witnesses, the right to cross-examine their witnesses, the right  to see the evidence, and, lastly, the right to face his accuser.   Contrast that with the last two Presidents to face impeachment. The  grand jury investigation of Clinton and the Watergate investigation of  Nixon were conducted in a fair manner, with rights for the accused. No  action was taken by the House of Representatives until the facts were  clear and indisputable in both of those trials. When these  investigations were complete and those two Presidents were found to  have committed a crime, impeachment had bipartisan support, unlike this  time.   This investigation is entirely different. It was rushed and was  totally partisan, with not one single House Republican voting for these  two pitiful Articles of Impeachment.   The impeachment trial in the Senate has been going on for the past 11  days. Unlike in the House, the Senate upheld its constitutional duty to  conduct a fair trial. The Democratic House managers had the opportunity  to present their case. Then, for the first time in this sad affair, the  President and his team--his lawyers--had an opportunity to present  their case, their defense.   Neither article I, ``abuse of power,'' nor article II, ``obstruction  of Congress,'' qualify as constitutional reasons for impeachment.   It is pretty simple. I am not a lawyer, but if you look at the facts,  it is very direct. The Constitution clearly lays out four explicit  reasons for impeaching a President. Even corruption does not qualify  under these definitions. It is very clear. They itemized treason,  bribery, high crimes, and misdemeanors. And they explained to us in the  hearings: Another translation in modern terms, using the Old English  for misdemeanors, is crimes. It is another word for crime.   The charges against President Trump don't come close to any of these  specified requirements. It is as simple as that. The House really was  beginning to make up new constitutional law. Each of the other three  Presidents who has faced impeachment was charged with committing a  crime.   President Trump is the first President ever to face impeachment who  was never accused of any crime in these proceedings, whatsoever. These  two Articles of Impeachment simply do not qualify as reasons to impeach  any President. Further, Democratic House managers did not prove their  case for either of the two Articles of Impeachment.   The entire case for abuse of power is centered around the June 25,  2019, phone call between President Trump and President Zelensky of  Ukraine. The Democrats allege President Trump only asked for help in  investigating the Burisma situation for political gain. It is clear  now, after hearing all the testimony, that the primary motivation to  ask Zelensky to look into the Biden-Burisma corruption issue was to  root out corruption in the Ukraine. Ukraine has had a long history of  corruption and this President was well within his rights to ask for  help in rooting out this fairly obvious example of corruption.  Democrats completely failed to prove the President's request was for  political gain only.   Regarding the obstruction of Congress article, every President has  the right to exert executive privilege to protect our national  interests and the separation of power. Honestly, this article should  have never been received in the Senate in the first place. We should  have dismissed this article out of hand. It simply is absurd.   Arguing that President Trump obstructed Congress by claiming his  rights is unacceptable and would fundamentally weaken this right for  future Presidents. When President Trump exerted executive privilege-- his right under the Constitution--Democrats could simply have pursued  the subpoenas. That is the way the Founders laid it out. They could  have pursued the subpoenas in court. For some reason, the House  Democrats chose not to do that.   House Democrats were in such a rush that they sent the Senate an  incomplete case. That is why I believe the Senate should not have  accepted them in the first place, because the process was illegitimate,  inappropriate, and incomplete.   Bottom line: House Democrats simply did not do their job. In the  Clinton investigation, the House investigated for over 400 days before  they brought Articles of Impeachment. There was a conviction. In this  case, it was barely 100.   The Democratic House managers brought the Articles of Impeachment and  claimed they had overwhelming proof. Immediately in their opening  statement, they had overwhelming proof. However, right away, even with  that, they immediately demanded the Senate call witnesses that the  House had already chosen not to call, like John Bolton. They could have  easily called him but chose not to, claiming it would take too long.  Instead, they demanded that the Senate call additional witnesses who  were not included in the House investigation.   The Constitution requires that the House conduct the investigation,  including calling witnesses, taking depositions, collecting evidence,  and the Senate is charged to rule based on the evidence the House  provides.   This was designed this way for a very specific reason, a very  practical reason. In the House, committees can investigate these  charges while the rest of the House continues to do their legislative  work. Unfortunately, in the Senate, when Articles of Impeachment are  brought and sent to the Senate, the Senate, by constitutional law, must  stop what it is doing, must open an impeachment hearing, and while in a  formal impeachment hearing, the Senate cannot do anything else by law.  It goes into legislative shutdown by law.   In this case, if we were to call additional witnesses, then we would  be setting a dangerous precedent for every future case. The House could  theoretically make up any flimsy charge they wanted, with no  investigation, no witnesses, no testimony, no evidence whatsoever, and  then send the articles to the Senate and expect the Senate to do their  job. That is not what the Founders wrote. That is not what they had in  mind. It would open up a pandora's box, shut the Senate down  indefinitely, and you can see why the Founders did not want to go down  that road. That is now how they built this  [[Page S835]]  process. For the sake of our very system of government, we cannot yield  to this unconstitutional effort.   The House actually did call 17 witnesses. They sent over 193 videos  and 28,000 pages of documents. Ultimately, a majority in this body  concluded it was unnecessary to hear from any of those witnesses again.  On top of that, the impeachment rules do not require the Senate to call  witnesses. That is the House's job. It is just that simple.   Let's be very clear. This entire impeachment process has been a  purely partisan political stunt perpetrated by House Democrats. It  truly is an embarrassment and exactly what Alexander Hamilton warned us  all against.   It is no secret--Democrats have been trying to obstruct this  President from day one. On the day President Trump was inaugurated, the  headline of the Washington Post--right here in town--claimed ``The  Campaign to Impeach this President has Begun.''   House Democratic manager Adam Schiff, in his opening remarks, said  you can't trust elections. That is why we have impeachments. Really?  Really? That is absurd.   The President has done nothing to warrant this impeachment process.  He must be acquitted. If we let House Democrats get away with this  today, we are setting a dangerous precedent for the future.   Already, we are in an era of impeachment. In the first 180 years, we  only had one impeachment case that came to the Senate and was  investigated in the House. In the last 45 years, we have had three  investigated by the House, and two have actually made it to the Senate.  If we let Democrats improperly use the impeachment process as a  partisan political weapon, then it will only get worse in the future.   I call on my colleagues today--I plead with my colleagues today--to  reject this unconstitutional effort and vote to acquit Donald J. Trump  of these illegitimate and unconstitutional Articles of Impeachment.   