 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Congressman Graves,  for yielding to me.   Again, I support this bill, S. 1982, Save Our Seas 2.0. This is a  great bipartisan bill.   Mr. Speaker, I congratulate my colleague, the caucus co-chair,  Congresswoman Suzanne Bonamici, for this bill. This is our bill. It is  a Senate bill we are taking up, but we have been working on this bill.   Again, it is an issue. I agree with everything that has been said  about the pollution in our oceans.   This is probably bigger than the oil spill of the Exxon Valdez, the  plastics that are in our seas, and we have got to take up and address  this issue.   This is just the beginning. We need to do more, but we have to take  the short step first, and then we will continue to do it.   You know, in Alaska, the ocean is our highway. We need to clean it;  we want to work on it. We have to address that issue at sea, too.   You know, plastic is one of those things that really does not  deteriorate very rapidly, but when it does, fish will eat it, and we  get condemned and contaminated fish. We do not need that in Alaska.   It will clean up our oceans, as I mentioned before, and asks for  cooperation from other countries.   America is not the worst polluter. There are other countries that  pollute just as equally or more, and it all collects in the middle of  the Pacific Ocean. We have an area out there as big as the State of  Texas full of pollution. We have to start cleaning it up and stop it if  we can.   Mr. Speaker, again, as has been mentioned, I thank Chairman Peter  DeFazio and Ranking Member Graves for their work, Chairman Engel for  his work, and the staffs, especially John  [[Page H5202]]  Rayfield and Dave Jansen from the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee. I thank my personal staff, Kevin Swanson and Kayla Rillo.  They worked very hard on this legislation, a lot of work.   The bill is truly a bipartisan bill. What a way to finish up this  session, with a bipartisan bill, working together to solve a universal  problem: debris in our oceans. It shows that we can work together, and  I encourage continuation of this type of effort to make sure our oceans  are clean forever.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 1982. And remember,  Dan Sullivan introduced it on the Senate side, that is why we are  taking up the Senate bill, but it is really a House bill.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member and my chairman, though he is  not here.   