 Mr. President, like countless Americans, I am grieving  the loss of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. As the second woman to serve  on the Supreme Court, and the first Jewish woman to do so, she was a  pioneer, a brilliant jurist, and a historical giant who blazed the  trail for many.   When I reflect on her life's work, I think of her tireless efforts  for women; I think of her tireless efforts to end discrimination of any  kind; and I think of her tireless work to give a voice to all of those  who do not have a voice. She was fiercely committed to ensuring that  justice, fairness, and equality would reign across our country. She was  loyal not only to the Constitution but to the people whose lives she  knew would be affected by her rulings.   Within hours of the announcement of her death--as Americans across  the country mourned her loss and paid homage to her legacy--some,  unfortunately, turned their attention immediately to filling a vacancy  and also started to scheme on how to ram through a nominee before  election day--only a little over 40 days from now.   It is important to remember that our constitutional democracy is  built upon a system of checks and balances, with three coequal branches  of government. The Supreme Court plays an important role in determining  and deciding important questions of law, and it represents a core  pillar of our democracy. Its rulings profoundly shape the rights and  the lives of Michiganders and all Americans.   For example, later this fall, the Court will be taking up a case  pushed by the Trump administration to completely eliminate the  Affordable Care Act. The Court's ultimate decision will effectively  determine the fate of healthcare for millions of Michiganders and  Americans.   If the Supreme Court strikes down protections in the Affordable Care  Act, people with preexisting conditions will be at risk of losing  protections provided under the law. Insurance companies will again be  able to go back to the days of discriminating against people with  preexisting conditions--or even dropping a person's health coverage  entirely--at a time when people need healthcare the most. Sadly, being  a woman could also again become a preexisting health condition, leading  to higher costs and limited options.   Insurance companies will, once again, be able to impose annual or  lifetime limits for coverage, raising costs and making healthcare  unaffordable and inaccessible for many Michiganders. We also know that  seniors on Medicare could pay more for prescription drugs.   And anyone who has arthritis, diabetes, or cancer--or anyone who gets  sick--will see their healthcare costs go up, and far too many people  may be forced into financial ruin and bankruptcy if they get sick. In  all, 23 million Americans could lose their current health insurance.   In sum, I think it is unconscionable that President Trump, along with  Senate Republicans, are attempting to undermine critical healthcare in  the midst of a once-in-a-century public health crisis. And it is not  just healthcare that is on the line when filling this Supreme Court  vacancy.   Women may lose their right to their reproductive freedom if the  seminal decision of Roe v. Wade is overruled; the Court may further  erode protections for workers and continue to undermine unions; and the  Court may side with large corporate special interests rather than  ensure a level playing field for workers.   The appointment of a Supreme Court nominee puts an awful lot on the  line. Voting rights and the core principle of one person, one vote are  on the line. Upholding basic critical civil rights are on the line.  Equality for millions of LGBTQ Americans who seek nondiscrimination  protections is on the line, and at stake is whether the Court will  protect our air and our water.   Simply put, the Supreme Court has the final word on how we address  the major challenges of our time. In a powerful sense, it is the last  line of defense for everyday Americans.   With so much on the line, we should not rush a Supreme Court nominee  through what should be a deliberative process. Jamming the Supreme  Court nomination through now will, without question, further divide our  country and disregards the fact that the American people are now voting  or soon will be in many States. In fact, later this week, voters in  Michigan will begin casting their ballots.   Issues before the Court are life-changing, and Americans should have  a voice in selecting who will choose the next nominee--a nominee, if  confirmed, who will serve for a lifetime.   We can certainly wait for the American people to be heard. The  selection of a Supreme Court nominee can certainly wait until after  Inauguration Day.   What cannot wait is to help millions of Michiganders and Americans  suffering as a result of the COVID crisis. There is no question that  the Senate has an important duty to advise and consent on nominations,  but this body must first effectively address the unprecedented public  health and economic crisis now confronting this Nation.   To do so, we need to come together in a bipartisan manner. I know it  is possible. We were able to come together and pass robust, bipartisan  coronavirus relief legislation in March and in April, and I remain  ready to work in a bipartisan manner again to pass meaningful  legislation again.   More than 200,000 Americans have lost their lives from this pandemic,  including approximately 7,000 in Michigan. The numbers are staggering.  Behind these devastating statistics are people--mothers, fathers,  sisters, brothers, husbands, wives, and children. Tragically, some are  projecting that we could see a total of 400,000 Americans die by  January.   There are steps that Congress must take right now to stem the tide of  this pandemic. Not acting now in a bipartisan way to save more lives is  an unconscionable betrayal of our duty to protect the American people.  We must provide relief to families and workers who have lost their jobs  through no fault of their own and worry every single day about how to  keep food on the table and a roof over their heads.   We must support small businesses that need Federal funding to stay  afloat and to rebuild our economy after we defeat this COVID virus. We  must support parents and schools trying to ensure students can learn in  a safe environment and keep up with their studies.   We must step up for communities across Michigan and the United States  that have been on the frontline of coronavirus response efforts. Our  communities are facing massive budget challenges that could force deep  cuts to essential services or layoffs of teachers and first responders  and law enforcement officials.   Now is the time for us to rise to the challenge. Americans are losing  their lives and their livelihoods to this cruel pandemic. I know we can  turn the tide, but it will take political will. It is not too late to  save hundreds of thousands of lives and countless jobs, but we must  focus on effectively confronting the coronavirus together, and we must  do it now.  [[Page S5765]]    Our focus should not be on rushing to fill a Court vacancy. That can,  and should, wait until Michiganders and the American people have had an  opportunity for their voices to be heard and a new Presidential term to  begin.   The COVID crisis is urgent, and it must be our priority first and  foremost.   Filling a Supreme Court vacancy can certainly wait, with voting  already under way and election day only 42 days away. Let's come  together in a bipartisan way and together do the right thing.   I yield the floor.   