 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for  yielding.    When you think about why we are here on a Saturday, I would think if  we are being brought here on a Saturday in the middle of a pandemic, it  is to help those millions of families who are struggling, Madam  Speaker.   I would think if we are going to come here on a Saturday, it would be  to help those millions of small businesses, the restaurants in south  Louisiana and New Orleans that don't even know if they are going to  open again because of where we are right now.   In this pandemic you would think that is what we would be here for.   But instead, Madam Speaker, why are we here?   For a fabricated crisis.   The Wall Street Journal: ``Nancy Pelosi Goes Politically Postal.  Congress ought to be embarrassed by this evidence-free conspiracy  theory.''   The New York Times: ``I Was a Postal Service Regulator for 18 Years.  Don't Panic. The service is perfectly capable of handling election  mail.'' That was a Bill Clinton-era appointee.   Then you look at, again, this fabricated crisis that, oh my gosh,  there are mailboxes being closed.   Let's look at the record. During the Obama-Biden years--just 4  years--11,560 mailboxes removed.   Where were the hearings for that?   Where were the Saturday votes to decry that they were closing  mailboxes?   It never happened because it is not a real crisis.   Even the Postmaster General just testified yesterday: ``The Postal  Service is fully capable and committed to delivering the Nation's  election mail fully and on time.''   That is the Postmaster General.   If you would have listened to him--I know there is a hearing Monday.  Maybe if you would have waited to see what he actually said Monday in  this committee, Madam Speaker, you would have known that this is a  fabricated crisis. But you knew that before.   Madam Speaker, they knew this was a fabricated crisis.   In fact, when we talk about the money, oh my gosh, the post office is  going to run out of money. Well, the problem is the facts decry even  that. They have got a surplus of over $12 billion sitting in the bank  today and then they have got--this is the Department of Treasury, Madam  Speaker, a $10 billion line of credit that they can't even access  because they have too much money in the bank right now.   Imagine small businesses watching on a Saturday because they can't  open. They are not even sure if they are going to be in business next  week because they have no money in the bank, and they are hearing about  this crisis. Congress is coming in on a Saturday.   Then they find out the post office has over $12 billion in the bank  and they have access to a line of credit of $10 billion from Treasury  that they can't get to today because they have got too much money in  the bank.   Right now, it is here. This is the letter from Treasury.   It is so important, Madam Speaker, that 68 Democrats chose not even  to show up today. Sixty-eight are not even here today because this is a  fake crisis. It is a fabricated crisis.   It is a shame that instead of helping small businesses and families,  they are trying to scare the American people when everybody knows there  is enough money to carry out the mail. Barack Obama and Joe Biden took  out over 11,000 mailboxes, and it was never even a problem.   We have got to vote against this.   