 ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much  time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4305, as amended, the  Puppies Assisting Wounded Servicemembers for Veterans Therapy Act, or  the PAWS Act.   This bill is sponsored by Congressman Steve Stivers from Ohio. Steve  is a brigadier general in the Army National Guard, where he wore our  Nation's uniform for over three decades of service in Ohio and overseas  in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.   Needless to say, he knows firsthand the toll that military service  can take and the need to ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs  is equipped to provide our veterans with all the services and supports  that they need to not only recover from their wounds of war, but to  lead healthy, full, and meaningful lives as civilians. The PAWS Act  would provide VA with an additional tool to accomplish that goal by  providing grants to organizations to assist veterans struggling with  post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental health challenges  through service dog training.   Veterans participating in the program would be paired with a  prospective service dog and work with a qualified service dog training  instructor to train the dog as a certified service animal. At the  conclusion of the training, if the veteran and the veteran's provider  agree that it is in the best interests of the veteran, the veteran will  be able to keep their dog, or it would be paired with another veteran  in need.   The grant program that the PAWS Act would create is based on service  dog training therapy programs at Walter Reed National Medical Center in  Maryland and the Palo Alto VA Medical Center in California. Both of  those programs are well established and have shown remarkably positive  anecdotal outcomes for servicemembers and veterans who have gone  through them.   It won't come as a surprise to any dog owner--me, included--that the  companionship and unconditional love offered by man's best friend has a  powerful real-world healing effect. The old saying is, in Washington,  ``if you want a friend, get a dog.'' I am glad that this program will  expand that effort as well as the unique assistance that trained  service dogs provide to more of our Nation's heroes.   This bill is cosponsored by 321 of our House colleagues, a tremendous  bipartisan show of support that is reflective of the desire of this  body to care for those who have borne the battles and are struggling  with invisible injuries as a result.   I am grateful to General   Steve Stivers for his hard work getting  this bill to the House floor today, and I am happy to support it.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I do want to give a  shout-out to former Congressman Ron DeSantis, now Governor Ron DeSantis  of Florida, who championed this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.  Stivers), my good friend.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. John W. Rose), my good friend and fellow  colleague.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to  yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Waltz), an Army  veteran from Florida's Sixth Congressional District.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time, as I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to  close.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this  needed legislation and I associate my remarks with what Mr. Waltz just  stated.   Anyone who has ever had the joy--as I have through my entire life--to  have those animals associated with you knows how uplifting and helpful  it can be to these people. As has been mentioned many times, we have  not been making a dent in our suicide rate, and it is time to start  thinking out of the box.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   