 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her kindness and  the courtesy afforded to me.   I do want to say that, like some other Members in this Chamber, I  think at one count, I had 17 of my relatives, including my mom, several  of her sisters, two of my sisters, my brother-in-law, all my cousins,  who worked for the United States Postal Service, sort of the family  business.   And I do thank the gentleman from North Carolina. We spent, you know,  days, if not weeks, if not months, arguing over the contours of this  legislation.   I want to thank Mr. DeFazio. And I rise in strong support of his  bill.   I also thank my colleague from Virginia (Mr. Connolly) for his work  on this as well. And our dear colleague, Elijah Cummings, who worked on  this, put his heart and soul into finding a solution.   Look, I do agree with the gentleman from North Carolina's comments,  that this does not solve everything. It does not. But it is an  important element of a bill that we, Republicans and Democrats, passed  out of committee unanimously, without any dissent in a previous  session. So it is a very important element of what we are trying to do.   There is no dispute with the gentleman from Oregon's earlier remarks  that we don't ask any other group within government to fund their  retiree health benefits this way. This was an idea that, I think, came  out of a time when, before email and before the use of social media,  the volume of mail within the Postal Service being delivered every  single day, could sustain the current configuration of retiree health  benefits.   Those days are long gone, and we have to figure out a way that will  keep the Postal Service viable going forward.   This does not solve everything but, boy, I will tell you, this solves  a lot. It buys us time to craft those other pieces that need to come  together as well.   So I would argue that we should not allow the perfect to be the enemy  of the good. This is a solid change here.   This is something that I think people need to understand that what we  are requiring of the Postal Service right now is that, when a new  employee comes into the Postal Service, we have to set aside the money,  on day one, for their eventual retirement; while every other collective  bargaining agreement and pension system periodically reassesses what  the demands are as that person gets closer to retirement. That is the  critical time to know whether or not there are sufficient resources and  a guarantee that certain resources are there for that person to enjoy  the retirement and the benefits and the health benefits that they have  earned.   So I just ask my colleagues to vote in support of this bill. I  support Mr. DeFazio's bill wholeheartedly, and I thank the Speaker for  his courtesy.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2382, the  U.S.P.S. Fairness Act, introduced by my colleague, Representative Peter  DeFazio of Oregon.   I'd like to commend Mr. DeFazio and the other bipartisan sponsors of  this bill--Mr. Reed of New York, Ms. Torres-Small of New Mexico, and  Mr. Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania--for their leadership in addressing the  serious fiscal challenges facing the United States Postal Service. I'd  also like to recognize the relentless and united effort on the part of  our postal employee unions, management associations, and other  stakeholders to advance this commonsense legislation.   With the support of over 300 bipartisan cosponsors, the U.S.P.S.  Fairness Act would repeal a misguided provision in current law  requiring the postal service to fully fund its health care costs for  future postal retirees decades before it is necessary--that's an annual  average cost of over $5.5 billion dollars. This is a requirement that  federal law does not impose on any other government agency--especially  one that receives zero tax dollars and instead relies on the revenue  generated by its own stamps, products, and services to fund its  operations. It is no surprise that the postal service has not been able  to make these exorbitant annual payments since 2011.  [[Page H815]]    The elimination of the so-called ``pre-funding mandate'' is a  sensible first step towards improving the financial viability of the  postal service. This bipartisan bill should also guide our approach to  developing comprehensive postal reform legislation going forward. In  stark contrast to the more partisan and sweeping reform proposals that  have been presented to our committee in recent years, H.R. 2382 will  immediately place the postal service on more sound financial footing  while preserving its core public service mission to ``provide postal  services to bind the nation together through the correspondence of the  people.''   And contrary to the degradation of postal delivery services, or the  wholesale privatization of the postal service itself, H.R. 2382 is the  end product of bipartisan cooperation and the subject of broad  consensus among our diverse postal stakeholders. As we develop  additional postal reform legislation, it is imperative that we continue  to identify fundamental and practical areas of agreement.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  legislation.   