 Madam Speaker, I first want to thank the ranking member  for his insistence that both parties work together to develop and fund  infrastructure priorities in America. This is the way it ought to work.  This issue has never been partisan in the past. Mr. Graves has made the  point, we will go to the table and work together. He is exactly right,  and I support his efforts.   I rise today to support Representative LaMalfa's amendment to strike  certain credit risk premium provisions in the underlying bill. The  amendment protects Federal taxpayers all across America, makes sure  they are not stuck holding the bag when a specific railroad defaults on  its loans.   The author of the original provision readily admits that this is an  earmark for Texas Central Railroad in Texas. This is a private company  that had claimed for years that they would fund this privately and it  would be a State railroad, but they have reneged on that. They are now  considering one of these loans to build a high-speed rail between  Houston and Dallas.   But Texas Central's train is so risky and their financial situation  so poor, they say they can't even pay the risk premium upfront. And for  this reason, they request that legislators change the Federal law in  order to help the company qualify for a loan they would never receive  under standard rules.   This is a huge red flag if I have ever seen one. That is why I feel  it is important for legislators of both parties to support  Representative LaMalfa's amendment, to ensure that we don't lose  important taxpayer protections for these RRIF loans and allow for a  prolonged CRP payment schedule.   Here is the situation: Texas Central Railroad is privately funded and  a State railroad, and it has always promised to Texas that this  ``project does not need, does not want, and will not ask for government  grants for construction or public money to subsidize operations.''   Yet it is now clear that promise, which was used to gain support from  citizens in communities across Texas, was misleading. In April, Texas  Central announced they would renege on their original promise; they  would now seek Federal stimulus money.   And there is a reason they are doing that. The project's costs have  tripled from its original estimates of $30 billion. These ballooning  projections are especially concerning, considering the project also  faces other significant hurdles:   Lack of financial feasibility;   They have no power for eminent domain, thank goodness, although they  are coming to Washington for power to seize people's lands without  their consent;   There are potential safety and funding issues; and   Near uniform opposition from local and State officials along the  rural route of this railroad.   Texas Central is now asking House Democrats in the House to include a  change in the Green New Deal legislation to make it easier to renege on  these loans. We should not condone this. We are in a COVID crisis.  Those dollars should be used for healthcare, not a boondoggle.   