 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I have only  been here a little under 2 years, and in the time that I have been  here, it has been disappointing that when it comes to real attempts to  make legislative progress, so often I see that we are far apart in  terms of how we want to go about it.   I came here from a State like Indiana, where serving in our State  legislature and running a business for 37 years, we seemed to get  things done. Even though we were divided, of course, like most  legislative bodies are, we came together and did things that made a  difference for our constituents.   In the time before the impeachment saga came along, COVID, and civil  unrest, I thought many of us were putting our shoulders to the  grindstone--and I am on committees like Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions--wanting to weigh in on talking about some of things the  Democrats have brought up about healthcare. And, to me, again, I think  it brings in front of us differences in approach, certainly.   I am a believer that rather than trying to get government even more  involved in certain things, that we might look at what actually works  in the real world and works in many States, including healthcare, which  I agree is probably the No. 1 issue we face in the country. It was the  No. 1 issue when I was running a business  [[Page S6426]]    I think there is so much commonality, in the sense that we have a  broken healthcare system. We sometimes, as conservatives, are slow to  maneuver and may not be interested in doing things that need to be  done, but I think there is a time and a place for that. I was pleased  to see, I think, that 70 or 80 Senators weighed in on trying to fix  healthcare. But what interrupted that progress was several months of an  impeachment saga that proved to go nowhere, and then we have been  confronted with the biggest health crisis, certainly, in a century-- other issues.   But, in this case, I think, to me, trying to cut to the chase, this  is clearly a sequence of maneuvers that is trying to interject in a  process of getting one of the most qualified judges across the finish  line to become a Supreme Court Justice.   I think the American people are watching, too. They see what goes on  here. They see that, year after year, we seem not to deliver results.  When it comes to stuff that should be simple--when it is clear, based  upon the credentials, especially, of someone like Amy Coney Barrett,  who comes from my State, who has done such an outstanding job as an  appellate judge, has impeccable credentials, and to where now this is  being litigated not on the merits of who she is and how she will handle  herself as a Supreme Court Justice--it has gotten so partisan. I think  that really does turn people off.   I think this is more a sequence that maybe we are both guilty of, to  where we do not roll up our sleeves and get to the heart of the matter.  I was happy to be the first Republican to come across and acknowledge  that climate is an issue. I formed the Climate Caucus and got six other  Republicans to do it. I think we have to be engaged in the key issues  of the day. Again, as I said earlier, we sometimes are slow to come to  the discussion, but in the time that I am going to spend here, I would  hope that we do legislation in the time that is there to do it and not  try to interject it into a process like this.   I am so happy that we have this in a situation where we are going to  get her voted in on Monday, and, in the meantime, I think that any of  the attempts that are made by the other side to belabor the point just  shows the American public what is wrong with this institution.   So, that being said, I do think that she is a qualified nominee to  the Supreme Court. It is of the utmost importance that we do not  belabor the process, and I object to proceeding to legislative session.    Mr. President, reserving the right object, as I said  earlier, the Senate is currently considering the nomination of a highly  qualified nominee to be an Associate of the Supreme Court. This request  is another procedural move just to belabor the process.   They voted to adjourn until after the election four times this week,  so, obviously, this bill, even though it may have merits that we need  to discuss, should not be done in this format.   Continuing to consider this highly qualified nominee to the Supreme  Court is the utmost, most important thing that we should do here.  Therefore, I object to proceeding to legislative session.    Mr. President, I object to proceeding to everything en  bloc.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I want to go  through just a few--and it is really more than a few; it is a lot--of  what is embedded in this bill. I would call it the ``Democratic  Politician Protection Act.'' Let's listen to a few of these things.   The Constitution vests primary responsibility in the States to set  time, place, and manner of elections. States and localities have  determined how to conduct elections for a long, long time. H.R. 1,  through a top-down, Federal approach, completely reverses this  longstanding tradition. Rather than strengthening the election process,  it paves the way for rampant, I think, fraud, abuse, and litigation  that diminishes the value of a legitimate vote, by doing these rushed  reforms.   Let's look at the 2018 midterm elections. Polling showed that 92  percent of voters found their experience very easy or somewhat easy.  Why fix it if it isn't broken? It imposes a DC-style election process  on the States, requiring all State agencies and Federal agencies,  including colleges and universities, to automatically register voters,  including those who are 16 and 17 years old. It preempts State  registration deadlines and requires same-day registration without  verification safeguards. It expands the number of agencies that must  contribute voter records, even to those who have no experience or  expertise in voter enrollment, forcing States to accept a sworn  statement as proof of identity, instead of photo identification, and to  record the vote as a regular ballot. It expands absentee ballot  availability and requires States to provide prepaid postage for all  mail-in ballots.   It does so many things that are different from what we currently have  in a system that in most places is working fine. It does not include  provisions that require or encourage States to remove inaccurate voter  information. It reduces the integrity of voter rolls by restricting the  State ability to maintain voter rolls and records that ensure voter  identity accuracy.   There are no penalties for anyone who is falsely registered. It  prohibits States from being able to continue routine maintenance on  their own voter lists. It also creates numerous private rights of  action that pave the way for trial lawyers to sue when the results of  an election are not to their liking.   It makes the Federal Election Commission a partisan body. It  politicizes the FEC by changing the neutral, evenly divided, six-member  body into a five-member panel. It makes a new partisan FEC. It changes  the latitude to determine and interpret the subjective enforcement test  established by this bill. It, in essence, takes what is working and  complicates it with a top-down Federal system.    We should not be rushing into something like this that is that  comprehensive. We should be paying attention to the process of getting  a bona fide judge across the finish line, which I think most of us  intend to do.   Therefore, I object to this bill and to moving to legislative  session.   