 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues from Ohio and  from New Jersey in saying that we should not allow this OCC rule,  gutting the core elements of the CRA, to move forward. The Community  Reinvestment Act is a landmark civil rights and anti-redlining law  created to improve the welfare of low- and moderate-income Americans  all over our Nation and to assess banks lending to, investing in, and  serving of the communities in which they do business.   The Community Reinvestment Act works. Since its enactment in 1977, it  has resulted in trillions of dollars invested in low- and moderate- income communities. It promotes fair treatment and equal access to  credit and capital for Black and Brown communities, for underserved  populations, and it is essential to the economic health of our country.  It is a successful incentive for banks to provide mortgage lending and  financial services to neighborhoods of color and low- and moderate- income communities.   There is a long legacy of racial discrimination in our Nation in  financial services, and the Community Reinvestment Act has been a vital  tool in helping to fight that cruel legacy. In Delaware, I have seen  the benefits of the CRA firsthand. I have seen investments in  affordable housing, homeownership opportunities, and economic and small  business development as a result.   Discover Bank, for example, partnered with the Delaware State Housing  Authority to provide mortgages to low- and moderate-income borrowers  throughout the State by purchasing loans. WSFA made a $1.5 million  investment in NCALL's Restoring Central Dover Initiative and a $500,000  line of credit to help build homes for new homeowners who were low- and  moderate-income and gave a $1 million low-interest loan for economic  development in our capital city. Capital One recently made a $20  million loan to finance the community education building in downtown  Wilmington where Kuumba Academy is residing.   The OCC final rule is wrong in substance and in process. The CRA has  been beneficial for more than four decades. Sure, there is some room  for modernization or improvement, and it is necessary to continue to  build on this monumental act, but the OCC final rule goes in exactly  the wrong direction. In substance, it is unlikely to encourage  investment in underresourced and overlooked regions. Instead, it  expands qualifying CRA activities to include ones that don't directly  benefit communities in need. This OCC rule will cause harm to current  investment areas, leading to less community development in Delaware and  across our Nation.   The OCC rule would allow banks to pass their CRA assessments with  broad-stroke, large investments instead of smaller, targeted  investments in underserved communities. In process, the OCC hasn't  worked to achieve consensus with fellow Federal regulators, the Fed and  the FDIC, nor with banks, community advocacy, and civil rights groups.  That is why I am joining my colleagues from New Jersey, Ohio, and many  other States in voting for congressional disapproval of this OCC final  rule. It undermines and actively weakens this important civil rights  law. We must ensure changes to the CRA strengthen the law, not weaken  it, and all the related regulators and stakeholders must work together  to ensure that any changes to the CRA work to combat racial inequality  and to lift up communities long overlooked by traditional banking and  their investment priorities.   With that, I yield the floor.   