 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  gentleman from California, the Honorable Mike Garcia, be permitted to  take the oath of office today.   His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest  and no question has been raised with regard to his election.    Madam Speaker, by tradition, the dean of the respective  State delegation introduces new Members from their State at a swearing  in after a special election. Our dean, the dean of the California  delegation, is also the Speaker of the House. And while I have seen her  do amazing things, I have never seen her be in two places at the same  time.   So I have the distinct honor of filling in for her here as dean, and  the pleasure of introducing Mike Garcia, the new Member from the 25th  Congressional District. The election has, as I noted before, not been  certified by the Secretary of State, but there is no dispute about the  result.   Congressman Garcia was born in 1976, and is a native of Santa  Clarita, California, and is a first generation American citizen.  Congressman Garcia moved to Saugus, which is now part of the city of  Santa Clarita, in 1982 with his mother and stepfather at the age of  six.   Mr. Garcia received his bachelor's degree in political science from  the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis in 1998. He was nominated to that  academy and to the Navy by our long-time colleague, the former chair of  the House Armed Services Committee, our friend, Buck McKeon.   He later earned a master of arts in national security policy from  Georgetown University. He is a former U.S. naval officer and flew as a  pilot in the Navy from 1998 until 2009. After the Navy, Congressman  Garcia worked in the aerospace industry, and now owns his own real  estate business. Mike is the husband of Rebecca Garcia and the father  of Preston, age 13, and Jett, age 3.   I represent the district that lies immediately to the south of Mike  Garcia, and the gentleman who represents the district immediately to  the north is the distinguished minority leader, who I know has  additional words to say about our new colleague.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr.  McCarthy).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California  (Mr. Garcia), our newest Member.   