 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about my bipartisan  legislation, the Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act, which I  introduced with my colleague Senator Patrick Leahy. This is important  legislation that will protect consumers from anticompetitive practices  by repealing the outdated antitrust exemption for the health insurance  industry. This bill has wide bipartisan support, as well as a strong  history of near-unanimous congressional consensus, having passed the  House of Representatives three times, most recently this September.   In 1944, the Supreme Court ruled in United States v. South-Eastern  Underwriters that the business of insurance was a form of interstate  commerce. This meant that the health insurance industry would be  subject to Federal antitrust laws under the Commerce Clause of the  Constitution. The insurance industry began raising uncertainties about  whether this meant that States would no longer have authority to  regulate insurance. When Congress acted to reaffirm this State  authority, in the McCarran-Ferguson Act, the insurance industry managed  to add a last-minute special-interest loophole that exempted the  business of insurance from Federal antitrust laws.   It has become clear that this antiquated exemption has effectively  given insurance companies the power to collude to drive up prices,  restrict competition, and deny consumers choice. The large health  insurance companies of today have taken advantage of this exemption to  abuse the market and artificially inflate healthcare costs. As a  result, consumers are paying higher prices to get basic healthcare  services, which couldn't be a worse outcome in the middle of a major  pandemic.   I recognize concerns have been raised about whether this legislation  might impair or create uncertainty regarding the authority of State  insurance regulators. I appreciate hearing from all stakeholders and  wish to put those concerns to rest by making clear the intent and scope  of the bill. This legislation merely amends a peripheral provision of  the McCarran-Ferguson Act containing an antiquated exemption from  Federal antitrust laws as it applies to health insurance companies. It  does not in any way interfere with, supersede, or abrogate the  authority provided and guaranteed by the McCarran-Ferguson Act to State  insurance regulators to regulate the health insurance industry.   This legislation would ensure that health insurance companies would  be subject to Federal antitrust laws in the same way as the rest of the  American economy, including other regulated sectors. Most importantly,  as this bill does not disturb any of the authority provided to State  insurance regulators under the McCarran-Ferguson Act, it does not  empower Federal authorities to interfere with, supersede, or prevent  states from regulating the health insurance industry however they see  fit.   Simply put, this legislation would give the Department of Justice and  the Federal Trade Commission authority to apply antitrust laws to  anticompetitive practices in the health insurance industry.  Furthermore, it is the intent of the authors of this legislation that  the DOJ and FTC notify and work with states on investigations they have  received or are undertaking that involve health insurance entities in  their state.   The Competitive Health Insurance Reform Act will restore full  transparency, promote oversight, and encourage competition within the  health insurance industry. I look forward to this legislation being  signed into law by the President.   