 Madam President, I want to respond to the accusations  that were made. And I worded that carefully not to violate any rules. I  am going to do that.   I see kind of an active desperation that is creeping in on statements  and things that are said about other people. And right now, we are  experiencing some things that actually are a success.   I want to respond to some of the accusations that were made. First, I  have something else to do that is kind of an awkward thing to be doing  at this time because I am going to go back to talk about something that  happened not yesterday or this week but back in 1983. I think it is  important that we do this. About every 10 years I do this. And we are  going to be successful now because I have a commitment from the  President that he is going to stay hitched on an issue--a huge issue in  the past.   In 1983, not much was known about Iran's efforts to train and arm the  radical proxies and to kill Americans and to kill our partners and our  allies. People know now. In fact, only a few years earlier, Ayatollah  Khamenei led a violent revolution in Iran. Khamenei's regime introduced  himself to the world by taking American diplomats hostage for 444  days--444 days. We all remember when that happened. That was something  unprecedented. It was all tied into Khamenei. Of course, he used other  people. Nothing has changed since that time.   Nonetheless, for the next decade, until his death in 1989, Khamenei  was the ruthless face of an Iranian regime that applied a brutal  version of religious law, murdered innocent people, suppressed  religious and ethnic minorities, and supported radical Islamists.   He hated Western value, and he hated the freedoms that we enjoy.  Almost 4 years into his rule as Supreme Leader, October 23, 1983, 241  Americans, both U.S. marines and other service personnel serving a  peace mission in Beirut, were attacked at their barracks by a truck  that was carrying 2,000 pounds of explosives by terrorists who were  armed and trained by Iran. That was in 1983. Two hundred and forty-one  died.   These terrorists later became what we know as Hezbollah. That is the  first time they surfaced and were identified as they are today, as an  arm of Iran. Hezbollah struck.   In 2003, 20 years after the attack on our marines, the United States  District Court for the District of Columbia ruled in a civil suit  brought by the families of the victims--the 241 who were killed--that  Iran had used Hezbollah as a proxy to bomb the Marine barracks in  Beirut on that October day.   Not much has changed with Iran, unfortunately. It is the same way  they operate now. They don't play by the rules. They never have. They  are terrorists. They are worse than terrorists. They are the ones who  are training the terrorists. That became even more apparent when we  began to learn more about their ties to Islamist terror organizations  and how they use proxy organizations, with no true allegiance but on  behalf of a twisted interpretation of Islamic religious text, to murder  and then sneak back into the shadows. That is the way they operated,  and that is the way they operate today.   It happened under Ayatollah Khamenei, and it happens under the  current Supreme Leader as well. Nothing has really changed. A lot of  years have gone by. A lot of people have died.   As I speak here on the floor, Iran is providing weapons and cover for  the Houthi rebels, who are committing unthinkable atrocities in Yemen.  Iran has continued to support terrorist groups that threaten our  personnel in Iraq. It has repeatedly attacked our partners across the  region. What is even worse is Iran seeks a nuclear weapon capability,  and President Obama's Iran deal would have, ultimately, let it have  exactly what it wanted.   Fortunately, we now have a President who takes a strong stance  against Iran with the imposing of sanctions and the pulling out of the  flawed Iran nuclear deal that the previous administration put us in.   By the way, I had a joyful conversation for a half an hour yesterday  with Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel. He was reminding me that  I was in Israel and in the Prime Minister's office at the very moment  that President Trump pulled out of the Iran deal, and I had never seen  him so jubilant. We just talked about that yesterday.   Go back now to October 23, 1983, when 241 Americans were killed by an  Iranian-backed suicide bomber. It was a terrible day in U.S. history,  and, in 2003, a U.S. court ruled that Iran was responsible. That suit  against Iran, brought by the victims' families--the families of the 241  who died--provided punitive and compensatory relief in the form of  Iranian assets. In 2007, the district court judge awarded just over  $2.5 billion to the families of those murdered in that atrocity.   Our work isn't done now. You would think that it would be, but it is  not because there is nearly $1.7 billion in laundered Iranian assets in  a Luxembourg bank named Clear Street, and we need to make sure that it  stays there. Yet I have this gnawing feeling that, once something is  over in Luxembourg or someplace like that, all of a sudden, you wake up  and find that Iran has $1.7 billion it is not entitled to in order to  spread terrorism throughout the world.   In last year's NDAA--now, the NDAA is the largest bill we do each  year. I chair the defense authorization. It is called the National  Defense Authorization Act. We pass it every year. We included language  that made those assets available to the victims' families, and the  President signed it. I talked to the President, and he is anxious to do  this. We have one obstacle that we have to get past, which is some  activity by the second circuit where it is now being played out.   President Trump has been a firm leader against the aggressive Iran,  and I certainly stand with him. That is why this is a clear opportunity  to continue President Trump's maximum pressure campaign against the  current Iranian regime so as to ensure these assets do not return to  Iran, where they would surely be used to help the proxy organization,  such as Hezbollah.  [[Page S2666]]    I trust our Department of Justice with this, and I am glad we have a  President who has made this a top priority--making sure the families of  those 241 victims who were killed in Beirut receive this money as  opposed to having the money go back.   