 Mr. Speaker, I give thanks to both the  gentlemen from Texas for organizing this Special Order tonight, to all  of our colleagues who have spoken tonight, and to my dear friend  Congressman Baird for all that he has given for his country. The words  that he shared he means from his heart, and he has shown and proven  that.   We organized this Special Order to talk about protecting America's  values and protecting our communities.   There is a lot of outrage. There is a lot of alarm in the country  today. And it is justified.   It was just a couple of days ago, of course, in Los Angeles where two  sheriff's deputies, a 24-year-old man and a 31-year-old young mother,  were brutally attacked as they just sat in their police cruiser.   As they were rushed to the hospital, protesters were blocking the  entrances and exits to the emergency room, chanting: ``We hope they  die. Kill the police.''   It is outrageous. It is alarming.   This is just the latest example, of course, of the violence and  vitriol  [[Page H4424]]  going largely ignored by the Democrat majority in the House.  Unfortunately, it is the predictable result of what happens when  leaders make radical calls to defund the police.   We have widespread unrest in major cities across this country right  now. We have violent riots and businesses being destroyed and law  enforcement officers being targets of heinous crimes, things that would  have been unthinkable even a couple of years ago.   In Portland, we have leftwing groups that set a police station on  fire, besieged a Federal courthouse for weeks on end.   In Seattle, leftwing activists created an autonomous zone, they said.  They evicted police and occupied the abandoned precinct.   In Chicago, 31 police officers were injured in riots that occurred in  July and August.   In Minnesota and Wisconsin, rioters exploited peaceful protests as a  vehicle to incite violence and create chaos.   Here in the Nation's Capital just up the street, leftwing groups  staged a mock execution of the President of the United States and then  harassed people as they left the White House.   The economic fallout from all this, of course, will be disastrous.  The human toll will take generations to recover.   We have seen reports from minority-owned small businesses, for  example, in these communities where a person has worked their entire  life just to build a business, to build a legacy to pass along to their  children and grandchildren, all to have it go up in flames because  their city leadership refused to preserve law and order.   We have seen the President's actions, and we know that he is doing  all that he possibly can to restore order in these cities. But, of  course, he is being rebuffed by these leftwing mayors at every turn.   I mean, the Portland mayor has rejected offers of Federal assistance  multiple times. The rioters who are actually arrested by local police  are simply released by the district attorney so they can just return  again to create chaos the next evening.   Despite this stonewalling, Attorney General Barr is doing his job.  Secretary Wolf is doing his job. They have been able to secure the  arrest of dozens of bad actors, but we all know this is just the tip of  the iceberg.   The question remains, what do we in Congress begin to do to tackle  this issue?   I would suggest that my friends on the other side can start right  here in this building by at least first acknowledging that there is a  problem. I mean, it doesn't seem too much to ask to denounce the  violence that is plaguing so many parts of the country.   Mr. Speaker, you could imagine our dismay in the House Judiciary  Committee when we heard our chairman call the Antifa violence in  Portland a ``myth.''    I mean, he contends that all this chaos and destruction is merely a  figment of our imagination. One month after the chairman made those  remarks, a self-proclaimed Antifa member murdered a Trump rally  participant in Portland in cold blood.   We have been calling for weeks for the chairman to hold hearings in  the Judiciary Committee to look into this widespread violence. We in  the Judiciary Committee are uniquely situated, because of our  jurisdiction, to dive into this crisis of leftwing violence and  formulate policy solutions that will protect the life and property of  all Americans. But the chairman would rather sweep things under the rug  and brush it off as a mere myth.   The Democrat silence and dismissiveness have turned into a real life- or-death situation for millions of Americans now.   I know our side is ready and willing to act. This is not just idle  discussion tonight. We are not just standing up here talking about  America's values and the need to protect our communities. We are ready  to act.   It is time to call out these leftwing groups for what they are, to  denounce specifically the violence and the chaos they create, and to  restore law and order for the American people. This action is our  responsibility, and it is long overdue. We will keep pushing on this  side of the aisle to make this happen.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time, and I appreciate  what my friend stands for.   