 Madam Speaker, when our Founding Fathers began this great  experiment called the United States of America, they did so with the  fresh but unpleasant memories of a tyrannical and repressive monarchy.  They set out to create a new system of government that served American  citizens, while ensuring their rights and liberties and protecting the  powers of the individual States.   To protect this system of Federalism, certain powers were required to  be vested with the Federal Government. In our Constitution, our  Founders gave, or enumerated in their language, specific powers to our  Federal Government necessary to provide for a common defense, establish  the rules for naturalizing new citizens, and ensure the integrity of  our international borders. Controlling immigration into our country is  essential for the rule of law. The integrity of our system requires a  cooperation, though sometimes a tense one, between the Federal and  lower governments.   Sadly, a growing movement across many cities and jurisdictions has  undermined our constitutional order and the rule of law which protects  it. The result of these dangerous and misguided policies is so-called  sanctuary cities.   These sanctuary cities do not cooperate, and even undermine, Federal  law enforcement from apprehending criminal aliens. The irony is that  sanctuary cities become more unsafe and inhospitable to law-abiding  Americans, those my colleagues and I have sworn a duty to protect.   These reckless policies are a danger not just to people in sanctuary  cities but beyond. When dangerous criminals are allowed quarter in one  location, it is only a matter of time before they move to another  location to continue their criminal activity. Sadly, many American  citizens have been victimized, even murdered.   That is why last year Congressman Budd and I introduced the Justice  for Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act. Our bill will provide for  individuals to sue sanctuary cities and jurisdictions if they are  harmed in a violent crime committed by an illegal immigrant. If  jurisdictions refuse to be sued, they will lose out on Federal grant  money.   As President Trump said about our bill, it will ``give American  victims the right to sue sanctuary cities and hold them accountable for  the thousands of lives they have shattered.'' This will disincentivize  sanctuary policies that fuel even more illegal immigration and harm the  safety and security of Americans.   I have been to our southern border. I have spoken directly with ICE,  CBP, and other law enforcement agents there, the crisis is real.   We have thousands of miles of border and coastline. Border security  cannot stop at the border. Those who manage to sneak in, especially  those with criminal histories, cannot be given a free pass once they  make it across. Sanctuary cities that undermine our laws must be held  accountable.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues for joining with me today to  speak out on this problem and call for action on the Justice for  Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act.   