 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   As the vice ranking member of the House Appropriations Committee, Mr.  Speaker, I stand today in opposition to H.R. 7617, the second set of  fiscal year 2021 appropriations bills to be considered by the House.   This minibus of six bills includes the two largest, Defense and  Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, as well as the titles  covering Commerce-Justice-Science, Energy and Water Development,  Financial Services and General Government, and, finally,  Transportation-Housing and Urban Development.   While I am always encouraged to see the process of funding government  underway in Congress, Democrats, unfortunately, chose a deeply flawed  approach in exercising this function for fiscal year 2021.   Remember, nearly a year ago, Mr. Speaker, Congress passed and  President Trump signed into law the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019,  which set budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 and 2021. This  bipartisan and bicameral compromise was the result of a good faith  negotiation between the President and congressional leadership. Last  year, my friends on their side of the aisle actually kept that  agreement, and we had an orderly appropriations process, a successful  outcome, and we have had no government shutdowns, no long-term  continuing resolutions.   This year, however, despite this existing agreement, Democrats on the  House Appropriations Committee chose to write bills that greatly exceed  the spending limits allowed for fiscal year 2021. In fact, they did so  through extensive use of a budget gimmick that designates certain funds  as emergency.   Without question, there are many worthwhile items and priorities in  these six bills before us, Mr. Speaker, but I remain concerned about  the use of emergency designated funds as a workaround and scheme to  break the budget agreement between the two parties and the President.   In fact, in this bill alone, there is well over $200 billion of this  so-called emergency spending, clearly in violation of the budget  agreement. $186 billion is included in the infrastructure title without  any bipartisan discussion or agreement. Another $24 billion is included  to address the coronavirus, even though discussions and negotiations  are underway on another supplemental specifically for that purpose.   These funds were added without any consultation with House  Republicans, with the Senate, or with the President, and without that  consultation, they have no chance of becoming law.   Now, let's remember, Mr. Speaker, some of the critical things these  six appropriations titles are supposed to support each year: our  dedicated servicemembers who put their lives on the line every day to  defend and preserve our precious freedom; our courageous law  enforcement officers who keep our communities safe; our hardworking  small business owners and their workers who are seeking to achieve the  American Dream; our vital researchers who are looking for lifesaving  treatments and cures; our ports and waterways that are so critical to  commerce; and, finally, they support our transit system upon which many  Americans depend daily.    All these things are put at risk, Mr. Speaker, unless Democrats and  Republicans work together.   Unfortunately, along with the unworkable approach taken in writing  this package of bills, there are many partisan policy positions that  must come out before it can become law. Many of these partisan  provisions are similar to policies pushed through the House in recent  months.   Considering that the committee has had more than 100 hearings and  briefings to make important funding decisions, it is disappointing that  many of these provisions seem to have been dictated from the top.   A few examples:   The bill jeopardizes our safety and security by allowing terrorists  detained at Guantanamo Bay to be brought to U.S. soil.   It also includes language that would prevent the United States from  exercising the right to defend ourselves and our allies, such as  Israel.   In a time when China is seeking to dominate the world order, this  bill would undermine America's preeminence in space exploration and  cede the opportunity to China to dominate the next frontier.   Also concerning, this minibus plays into the dangerous narrative of  defunding the police through its failure to provide adequate funding  for our Federal law enforcement agencies.   Moreover, State and local law enforcement agencies are barred from  receiving excess equipment from the Department of Defense.   As the ranking member of the Labor-HHS-Education Subcommittee, I am,  of course, most familiar with the partisan provisions contained there.  Indeed, the text of that bill includes a wide variety of harmful  riders.   First, it includes a partisan policy prescription that will tie the  hands of the administration with respect to the Title X family planning  program. Most notably, the riders would force the administration to  resume grants awarded to controversial groups that provide abortions,  such as Planned Parenthood, and it would prevent the administration  from granting waivers that protect deeply held religious beliefs of  institutions, organizations, and individuals that provide vital  services funded in the bill.   The Labor-HHS title also includes riders that would undo the  Department of Labor's rule clarifying the joint employer standard. If  this policy rider were enacted, it would cause chaos for thousands of  businesses and millions of employees, leaving them uncertain about the  nature of the employment relationship.   Not to be outdone, this bill also includes riders micromanaging and  second-guessing how HHS administers the Unaccompanied Alien Children  Program, which will ensure that the individuals devoting their energies  to assisting such unaccompanied minors will find themselves devoting  their energy to becoming wrapped up evermore deeply in congressionally  mandated red tape.   Again, the same can be said for the other five divisions of this  package. Throughout this minibus, the Democratic majority has inserted  policy riders that tie the hands of the administration. They have  limited the ability of the administration to reprogram funds, even when  necessary. They have inserted rider after rider aimed at preventing the  President from spending money on barriers and security measures at the  southern border. And they have removed countless bipartisan policy  provisions that have been carried in previous year's bills.   When it comes to Congress' fundamental function of keeping the  government open and operating, good faith negotiation must be present  at every stage. In this era of divided government, that might be  challenging, but we have proven time and time again that it is  certainly not impossible.   We did it when we negotiated the 2019 budget agreement. We did it  again when we moved through an orderly process for the 2020 fiscal year  appropriations bills. And, finally, we did it most recently on four  separate occasions in dealing with the coronavirus.   All of these successes were the product of bipartisan negotiation in  divided government. In those negotiations, neither side can dictate to  the other or jam the other, or failure will result.  [[Page H4113]]    In the days ahead, Mr. Speaker, we must work together on  appropriations bills that reflect the bipartisan budget agreement and  leave out controversial policy language. Until we do that, no  appropriations bill will make it to the President's desk, and we will  run the risk later this year of either a long-term continuing  resolution or even a government shutdown.   For those reasons, Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to the second  minibus package, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Aderholt), my good friend, the ranking  member of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies  Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Alabama an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 7 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho  (Mr. Simpson). My very good friend is the ranking member on the Energy  and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on  Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from California, (Mr. Calvert), my very good friend, the  ranking Republican on the Subcommittee on Defense Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart), my very good friend and  classmate.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   To respond to my friend, I have no problems whatsoever with emergency  spending. That is why we passed four bills. We work with our friends on  the other side of the aisle to do that.   I think where the mistake was made was the HEROES Act, where you  decided you weren't going to work with anybody on this side of the  aisle. You just jammed it through, and it has gotten nowhere in the  United States Senate.   The same thing is happening here. This emergency spending of enormous  proportion that has been placed in this bill was done without any  consultation with Republicans in the House, let alone with agreements  with the Senate and the President, who would have to sign off on it. I  don't think that is a productive way to proceed. I think negotiating  together with one another, we show we can work together.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Mrs. Rodgers), a distinguished lady from Spokane, Washington, my good  friend, and a distinguished member of the Energy and Commerce  Committee.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Duncan), my very good friend and distinguished member and  leader on the Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I would inquire from my friend, is she  prepared to close?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to begin where every other speaker has started,  and that is to thank our distinguished chairman for her 30 years of  unparalleled service to the Congress and to the country and, of course,  her many years on Appropriations.   I have had the good fortune since I arrived on that committee to  serve with my friend and watch her steady rise to the chairmanship. And  I think my friend, Mr. Diaz-Balart, summed it up, if you want to be  short: What a class act.   What an extraordinary appropriator. We all, on both sides of the  aisle, respect her professionalism and her deep knowledge of the  appropriations process. But I think even more than that, we just  appreciate her personal qualities as a friend, as a mentor, as a  colleague, and as someone who is an outstanding credit to her district,  to her State, and to the Congress of the United States. Mr. Speaker, we  will all miss her on both sides of the aisle.    Having said that, I am going to be less charitable toward the bill  itself.   As I mentioned several times, I love the Appropriations Committee  because I think it is a naturally collaborative committee, and when it  is left to do its work, it does a really good job.   Last year, we had a negotiated settlement between the President and  the congressional leadership on both sides of the aisle in both  Chambers in the 2019 Budget Act, and that led to a very orderly  appropriations process under the leadership of my friend, the chairman.   We got all those bills done. We didn't have a long-term CR, and we  have not been at risk, in this fiscal year, of a government shutdown.  And that is something you can't always say around here.   My friend had a great deal to do with that, along with our ranking  member, Ms. Granger, that legendary partnership between the two. If you  let them do their work, they will get the job done.   What is in front of us now, though, is not what we saw last year. My  friends, for whatever reason, decided they would ignore the 2019 Budget  Act, which has the force of law, and embark on an unprecedented amount  of emergency spending, almost a quarter of a trillion dollars. And,  again, none of that was agreed to last year.   In addition, last year, the agreement was we would not put extraneous  matters in the bill. We would not put legislative riders, as they are  known. We didn't do it last year, and we moved through. This year,  these bills are absolutely full of them. And the consequence, while  these bills may pass this floor, they are certainly not going to be  taken up as is by the United States Senate, nor would they ever be  signed by the President.   I think we have another model. We have the model of last year. We  also have the model of the first four supplementals this year, Mr.  Speaker. The four supplementals dealing with coronavirus were brought  to the floor after collaborative discussion and negotiation and passed  here with almost universal bipartisan support on each occasion.   For whatever reason, rather than continuing that productive dialogue,  our friend decided they would bring the HEROES Act. That is certainly  their right to do that. But, again, if you are not involving  Republicans in this Chamber in that discussion, then I can assure you  you are not going to be in very good shape when you go to a Chamber  where Republicans are actually the majority. Nor will you get the  support of the President. And we are seeing how that is working out  right now with respect to the next supplemental. The same thing could  happen here.   Mr. Speaker, I don't worry about that in the short term because,  again, there are times in this process where it is partisan, and when  we get to conference, quite often, it becomes bipartisan. But I do  worry these departures are so large that we could find ourselves in  September kicking into a CR and then, frankly, then we could do another  one well into next year. That would be a mistake. That would be a  mistake, in my opinion.   The day-to-day funding of government ought to go on regardless of the  politics of the moment. The emergencies need to be dealt with. And I  think we have shown we can work together on emergency supplementals. We  did them so quickly and so easily in an unprecedented way just in the  spring of this year. So I would think we could return to that.   And if we do return to that, I suspect our friends and I on our side  can come to common ground and we can bring bills to the floor that  command substantial bipartisan majorities, just as my friend, the  chairwoman, did last year when she brought appropriations bill after  bill after bill to the floor, and they were passed with substantial  bipartisan majorities because she engaged, as is always her habit, in  collaborative negotiation with friends on all sides of the Chamber.   So with that, Mr. Speaker, I reluctantly urge the rejection of this  particular minibus of six appropriations bills. I hope that my friends,  as we go forward, will return to their habits in terms of the  appropriations of last year and return to the style of negotiation that  they exhibited all through the spring in dealing with this awful  coronavirus crisis that has caused such turmoil and damage in our  country.   In closing, the last thing I would say is, again, it is a privilege  for me to  [[Page H4122]]  share the floor with my friend, the chairman. Normally, my ranking  member would be here, but Ms. Granger, of course, is in self-quarantine  because of coronavirus; otherwise, I know she would prefer to be here.  But her misfortune at least gave me the opportunity to share the floor  with my very good friend, our distinguished chairman.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the rejection of the legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   