 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues and friends from New  Mexico and Texas for their leadership today and guidance to the floor.   I rise in support of H.R. 504, the DHS Field Engagement  Accountability Act, which will improve the management, integration,  transparency, and overall mission performance of the 79 State and local  fusion centers across our country.   Creating a robust and mature information-sharing relationship between  the Department of Homeland Security and State and local law enforcement  is vital for our Homeland Security.   Since the September 11, 2001, attacks, State and local fusion centers  have become key stakeholders in the homeland security of our country,  and it is an important mission. Yet, despite their importance, the  Government Accountability Office has observed that a lack of  standardization in manpower, data systems, and training has hurt their  effectiveness.   H.R. 504 is focused on setting the conditions to better allow our  fusion centers to accomplish the mission for which they were created  and funded.   My home State fusion center, the Nebraska Information Analysis  Center, or NIAC, is the information exchange gateway for State, local,  and Federal authorities serving all of the 93 counties in Nebraska.   NIAC collects, analyzes, and shares information on crime and  terrorism with Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement  organizations and with other public and private entities as  appropriate.    Recently, the NIAC was called upon to collect and analyze reports of  suspicious drone activity in western Nebraska, for example.   Our Nation's fusion centers have a rapidly expanding range of  missions that protect our citizens, and the Department of Homeland  Security has a legal obligation to coordinate with and assist these  State and local centers. So my legislation requires DHS to develop an  engagement strategy to coordinate information sharing, technology, and  personnel resources with these fusion centers.   Additionally, this bill requires DHS to develop clear and robust  performance metrics for Federal personnel assigned to these centers.  This will help both the headquarters and fusion center directors  improve the effectiveness, while ensuring oversight and accountability.   In addition to personnel, DHS also provides fusion centers with  access to classified and sensitive information.  [[Page H990]]    H.R. 504 calls for improvements in training and technology to support  this vital information exchange, including the requirement that DHS  share intelligence products with fusion centers when appropriate.   Over the years, Congress has seen a vast improvement in DHS's support  for these key stakeholders, including the NIAC. These improvements are  vital to DHS sharing timely and relevant information with relevant  stakeholders on the front lines of a constantly evolving threat  landscape.   This bill will help those on the front lines defend against those who  threaten or attack our way of life.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Thompson and Ranking Member Rogers for  bringing this bill to the floor. I also thank Chairman Johnson and  Ranking Member Peters in the Senate for moving this bill through the  Senate.   This is a commonsense measure, and with another strong showing of  bipartisan support from the House. I look forward to the bill quickly  becoming law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 504.   