 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our nation's  small businesses. As many of my colleagues are aware, our country's  economy is built upon and benefits from the millions of entrepreneurs  and innovators who go to work every single day for a small business.  Without these small businesses and their employees, the United States  would not be the economic hub it is today.   However, Mr. Speaker, these small businesses, along with our entire  nation, have been presented with an unprecedented enemy. The 2019 novel  coronavirus has wreaked havoc on our health, our economy, and our day- to-day lives. Everyday activities like visiting our loved ones, dining  at our favorite restaurants, or cheering on our favorite teams have  been placed on hold as we combat this virus. I believe the steps taken  by this Administration and governors around the country, including  Governor DeWine in my home state, to minimize the destructiveness of  the coronavirus should be noted and applauded.   In Congress, we have worked to provide the necessary aid and relief  sought by so many. We have extended health benefits--placing public  health at the forefront of our battle. We have ramped up our equipment  production to levels unseen for nearly 80 years, when we were fighting  the Second World War. And perhaps most importantly, we have funded aid  programs within the Small Business Administration to lift up America's  small businesses.   The bill before us, the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care  Enhancement Act, will continue to support these critical efforts  through much-needed supplemental funding. Earlier this week, I  introduced my own resolution to recognize the enormous strain being  placed upon our economy's engine, the small businesses that are the  foundation of all our communities. To say that this Congress has come  to the aid of small businesses would be fair; but, to say that our job  here is done would be far from true. In fact, it is important now more  than ever to double down on our support and ensure unwavering  commitment to Main Street.   Mr. Speaker, my resolution specifically requests Congress to increase  its support for America's small businesses. I am extremely pleased to  see that programs such as the Paycheck Protection Program and the  Economic Injury Disaster Loan program will receive the money needed to  continue aiding our nation's small businesses. Of the $349 billion  appropriated by Congress in the CARES Act for small business relief  programs, my home state of Ohio received over $14 billion. These  dollars are going to real businesses and helping communities, both  large and small, across my district. I hope even more dollars make  their way to Ohio as we get set to pass this relief bill before us.   This week, Congress will pass the fourth aid bill to help Americans.  And much like the previous bill, the CARES Act, the bill before us  increases funding levels for the Paycheck Protection Program and the  Economic Injury Disaster Loan program, while also ensuring our health  care system receives the support it needs.   In addition to providing $370 billion of relief to small businesses,  the bill includes $75 billion more for hospitals; the first tranche of  this money from the CARES Act's fund has already gone out. Hospitals in  my district have let me know how critical it was to receive this  support. They have also let me know that more is direly needed. This is  why we are here today; to respond to those calls for more help. The PPP  and Health Care Enhancement Act also includes $25 billion for testing.  I know from Ohio's governor that this is a key piece of the puzzle in  safely reopening economic activity.   Congress must not hesitate in its efforts to combat the novel  coronavirus. Congress must not hesitate in its appropriation of  additional funds to support America's small businesses. It is  imperative we use our time here as Representatives of our communities  and the full capabilities of the federal government to protect  Americans--both in terms of health and economic security. We will  defeat this virus and we will emerge from this unprecedented time a  stronger, more resilient nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting this bill and stand with small businesses and those on the  front lines--without which, our nation would most certainly not be the  global beacon of opportunity and freedom it is.   