 Madam President, Democrat Senators returned to  Washington on Monday prepared to work in a bipartisan way on the next  phase of coronavirus relief.   After stalling for months while COVID-19 surged in more than 40  States, Senate Republicans finally said that now--the end of July, more  than 3 months after the CARES Act passed--would be the time for another  emergency bill. But here we are. It is in the middle of the week, and  the Republican Party is so disorganized, chaotic, and unprepared that  they can barely cobble together a partisan bill in their own  conference.   Indicative was Leader McConnell's speech. He rants and raves about  the New York Times and cancel culture, but there is not a word about  COVID. People are ready to lose their unemployment benefits, to lose  their apartments and be evicted. Local governments are laying off  people because they don't have the dollars. We are in a national  crisis.   We don't hear a word out of Leader McConnell as we are on the edge of  so many cliffs. Instead, there is lots of talk about the New York Times  and cancel culture. That may be fodder for the far right. That is not  what America needs.   When Leader McConnell, at this crucial moment, can't even mention  COVID-19, it shows what a knot the Republicans are tied in. The bottom  line is this: The White House Chief of Staff said Republicans ``were on  their own 20 yard line'' when it comes to their legislative proposal-- their own 20-yard line, 2 months and a week after we passed the COVID 3  bill, after millions more Americans applied for unemployment, after  many small businesses went under, and many more died and were  hospitalized as COVID-19 rages in many Southern States. We are still on  the 20-yard line? Where have the Republicans been?   I have never seen a political party in the middle of a crisis so tied  in a knot that the majority leader can't even mention it in his speech  and spends time ranting against favorite targets of the far right and  can't come up with a proposal.   This is not a game. This isn't typical Republican dysfunction about  whether or not they did or didn't see the President's last tweet. The  disarray on the Republican side has real consequences. Americans will  suffer unnecessary pain and uncertainty because of it.   The only reason there hasn't been another relief package in Congress  already is due to this Republican incompetence and reckless delay. Even  after all of these months, the White House and Senate Republicans are  starkly divided about what to do. The White House is insisting on  policies, like a payroll tax cut, that would do nothing to help  millions of unemployed Americans and that many Senate Republicans don't  even support. The Republicans can't even seem to agree on whether to  provide any new aid for State and local governments or if the States  should be able to more flexibly use the support we have already given.   A few of my friends on the other side of the aisle hardly want to  spend any more money to help our country in this once-in-a-generation  crisis because it might add to the national debt. Giant corporate tax  cuts--$1.5 trillion to $2 trillion of them--are OK, but fighting the  greatest public health crisis in a century and forestalling a  depression is a bridge too far? Where are the priorities on the other  side of the aisle? I guess they are for helping big corporate fat  cats--wealthy people--but not average people who are hurting. That is  the trouble with the Republican Party.   Seriously, there are only 3 weeks left until the August work period,  and the Republicans are still in the opening phases of preparing their  bill. We don't have time for this mess that the Republicans are in. The  moratorium on evictions that we passed in the CARES Act expires in 2  days. The Wall Street Journal reports that nearly 12 million adults  live in households that missed their last rent payments and that 23  million have little or no confidence in their ability to make the next  ones.   Next week, the enhanced unemployment benefits we passed in the CARES  Act will expire while 20 to 30 million Americans will still be without  work. A recent study showed that those enhanced benefits prevented  nearly 12 million Americans from slipping into poverty--12 million.  Yet, because the Republicans can't get their act together, those  benefits might expire next week.   Congress needs to act quickly. The Senate Republicans and the White  House need to get on the same page, produce a proposal--not just drop  it on the floor but start negotiations. Better yet, we could start  negotiations on the Heroes Act, which already passed the House, and,  unlike the developing Republican proposal, it would actually match the  scale of this crisis.   Speaker Pelosi and I met yesterday with Chief of Staff Meadows and  Secretary Mnuchin. Even with all of this chaos, we have had some  indications about what the Republicans are trying to do in their bill.  Over the weekend, we heard that the administration was trying to block  additional funding for coronavirus testing and contact tracing.  President Trump has also ended the CDC's data collection efforts,  potentially risking access to data that public health experts so  vitally need. So, when we met with Chief of Staff Meadows and Secretary  Mnuchin, Speaker Pelosi and I told them to back off these  counterproductive and dangerous ideas.   In addition, we will be sending a letter to the administration to  demand answers on how data is being reported to the White House, as  well as pushing for legislation in the upcoming bill to ensure that  COVID-19 data is fully transparent and accessible without there being  any interference from the administration.   We know Donald Trump likes to hide the truth. He thinks, when the  truth doesn't come forward and when he muzzles government officials,  that it changes things. It doesn't. The virus still rages and will rage  unless we do something about it, not simply hide the statistics that  show his depth in mendacity. We will make sure that those statistics  are made public so all of America, including the President, will know  how bad the situation is, because that is what we need--the truth to  set us free and then to act on it. Let me repeat: If the administration  refuses to reverse course, the Democrats will insist on data  transparency in the next COVID relief bill.  [[Page S4366]]    All of our efforts to bolster the economy, help the unemployed, save  small businesses, and ensure our children are safe at school will be  meaningless if we don't stop the spread of the virus. Hiding COVID data  from the CDC, as well as foot-dragging on more testing and tracing, is  absolutely incomprehensible and imperils everything else we are working  on. So we need to make a law, and we need to make it soon. Right now,  the infighting and partisanship on the Republican side and cockamamie  ideas, like hiding data from the CDC, are only adding to the delay.   We also saw the return of President Trump's coronavirus press  briefings yesterday. It is remarkable that President Trump has lowered  the bar so much that his performance yesterday was seen as a change in  tone. It is a very sad state of affairs in our country when one day of  the President's reading statistics is hailed as leadership when that is  what he should have been doing all along. The mere acknowledgment by  the President that COVID-19 is raging through our country is some kind  of breakthrough. Is that what people believe? Is that what Trump wants  the people to believe? It is crazy.   The truth is, every time the President takes the podium, he is a risk  to public health. We are 6 months into the coronavirus, and the  President has only just come around to the idea that wearing masks  would be a good idea. He deserves criticism for that belated admission,  not praise. We are 6 months into the crisis, and the President said  yesterday that his administration is in the process of developing a  strategy that is going to be very, very powerful--6 months in.  Countries in Europe and East Asia developed national testing regimens  ages ago. That is why they are way ahead of us in fighting this crisis.   Americans must be hanging their heads in shame and disbelief that  this administration is still trying to sort out the basics. Then, when  he says he is going to try and sort out the basics months and months  too late, as the crisis has raged, people think he should get praise?  No, he should be criticized because he hasn't done what he was supposed  to have been doing for months.   President Trump started his press conference by labeling COVID-19 the  ``China virus,'' which shows the President is still trying to deflect  blame and play political games with this deadly, serious virus--games  that are divisive. The truth is, more than anything or anybody else,  the responsibility for America's failure to deal competently with  COVID-19 falls squarely on President Trump's shoulders. It is long past  time for the President to start acting like it   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues, Senators  Baldwin and Murphy, for their urgent words on this most important  issue. I am proud to join them as we seek passage to pass legislation  to finally require the President to invoke the full authority of the  DPA, the Defense Production Act, so that the Federal Government can  more speedily get testing supplies and PPE to the parts of our country  struggling under the weight of the pandemic.   Make no mistake, medical professionals and frontline workers fighting  this virus still--still--do not have the protective equipment and the  testing supplies they need because the Trump administration failed to  fully invoke the DPA earlier this year. This is a crisis of President  Trump's making.   As we speak, COVID-19 continues to surge across the country. As cases  keep growing, our testing supplies and our PPE, already in short  supply, are reaching critical levels. From Seattle to Miami, people are  waiting in line for hours to get tested, and their results might take  days, if not more, to come back. In many places we are missing basic  supplies--swabs, gloves. In certain hospitals it has been reported  doctors and nurses are being told to reuse their N95 masks as many as  15--15--times.   It has been 6 months since we have been fighting this virus. How is  this still happening? The problem should have been solved months ago,  but the President has been derelict in his duty. His administration has  been a total failure when it comes to testing and PPE.   Instead of fully invoking the DPA and ramping up the production of  critical supplies early on, President Trump has left doctors, nurses,  and medical staff fighting this disease with one hand tied behind their  back. He has failed to keep us and those working on the frontline safe.   This bill, however, would finally--finally--force the President to do  what he should have done ages ago. We have been talking about the DPA  since way back in April. I called the President in April, got him on  the phone, urged him to invoke it. He told me he would and then  contradicted himself a few hours later. How typical, but how  devastating for the American people. Then he quickly lost interest-- again, typical of this President, whose attention span is much too  short for the big fight that we have with COVID.   So what we say is the President's approach to the pandemic was-- typically here--no followthrough, no strategy, no comprehension of the  problem. The President's mind-boggling refusal to invoke the DPA  shouldn't be piled on top of the challenges our medical workers and  citizens already face.   I am sorry we didn't pass this legislation. I hope we can do it soon.   I yield the floor.   