 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, faced with the greatest economic  challenge in 75 years and the greatest public health threat in a  century, we Senate Democrats have been waiting for months for our  Republican colleagues in the Senate to get serious about another round  of emergency relief for the American people.   Now that Senate Republicans have finally woken up to the calamity in  our country, they have given up wishing it would go away, following the  President's wishing everything would go away, to the detriment of this  country. Our Republican colleagues have been so divided, so  disorganized, and so unprepared that they have to struggle to draft  even a partisan proposal within their own conference. This is before  they talk to a single Democrat. This is before they even consider what  the House has done.   It does seem that sometime soon, Republicans may finally unveil a  legislative proposal, but because they are so disorganized and divided,  they can't agree on a series of smaller bills that don't even amount to  one coherent proposal. Even after all this time, it appears the  Republican legislative response to COVID is ununified, unserious,  unsatisfactory. Let me repeat that. Despite hitting the ``pause''  button on the Senate for 3 months, despite waiting more than 60 days  after the House Democrats passed their plan to start work on their own,  the Senate Republican response to COVID is ununified, unsatisfactory,  and, fundamentally, unserious.   From what we know, their proposal or series of proposals will not  include food assistance for hungry kids. Families where the parent has  lost a job through no fault of her or his own can't feed their kids in  this proposal, as we hear about it.   From what we know, it will not include rental assistance or extend  the moratorium on evictions that is keeping tens of millions of  Americans with a roof over their heads. Millions of Americans have lost  their jobs through no fault of their own. They can't pay the rent or  the mortgage, and our Republican friends say: Evict them.   It will not provide hazard pay to our essential workers, who have  been risking their lives and their families' lives ever since this  crisis began. It will not make the necessary investments in communities  of color that have been ravaged by this virus disproportionately so. It  will not provide the new funding that State and local governments need  to keep the busdrivers and sanitation workers, teachers, and so many  others on the job. From what we know, it will not even include funding  to ensure that our elections are safe this fall during this COVID  crisis.   Remarkably, the likely centerpiece of the Republican legislative  response to COVID is not an aid package for the 20 to 30 million  unemployed Americans or a massive influx of resources to test and trace  and finally stop the spread of this evil disease. The centerpiece of  the Republican proposal is a liability shield to protect big  corporations from lawsuits if they put their workers at risk-- seriously. As COVID continues to surge throughout our country and  unemployment numbers rose again for the first time in weeks, Leader  McConnell has made corporate immunity the centerpiece of this  Republican response. Once again, the Republican Senate is far more  comfortable providing relief to big corporations than relief to  American workers and American families.   How about instead of shielding corporations from liability, we shield  renters from eviction? How about instead of shielding corporations from  liability, we shield the unemployed from poverty?   Even in those areas where the Senate Republicans seem to be moving a  bit in our direction, it looks like they are coming up way short.  Republicans aren't talking about providing enough resources for our  schools to reopen safely. According to reports, the White House and  Senate Republicans want to extend the enhanced unemployment benefits  the Democrats secured in the CARES Act but only provide a percentage of  a worker's former wage.   That is right, America. If you have lost your job through no fault of  your own and can't go back to work because this administration has  mismanaged the crisis, Republicans want you to take a 30-percent pay  cut in the middle of this crisis.   Worse still, because Republicans dithered and delayed for so long,  there will be an interruption in unemployment benefits. Eviction  protections will expire no matter what we do because they waited until  the last minute and, even at this last minute, can't seem to get their  act together.   Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans dismissed the House-passed  Heroes Act because it included a few items that Republicans didn't  think were absolutely necessary.   Senate Republicans can't even get their act together to provide the  basics--food for kids, keeping Americans in their homes, preventing the  unemployed from going into poverty, and giving the economy the needed  help so we can overcome this recession.   You can't say you support essential workers and then refuse to give  them hazard pay. You can't say you want to fix racial issues and then  throw millions of Americans of color out of housing and off  unemployment benefits during a pandemic. You can't say you want to  honor John Lewis and then refuse to provide funding for safe elections.   Congress needs to act quickly, but the developing Republican  proposals are not going to get the job done. We need to immediately  enter bipartisan, bicameral negotiations to develop a proposal that  actually meets the moment and matches the scale of the crisis.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   