 Reserving the right to object, for well over 8 months, my  friend and distinguished colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois,  has been publicly blocking legislation protecting the children of  immigrant workers. Now there is something called the Protect Children  of Immigrant Workers Act. He comes to the floor asking that we pass  this bill by unanimous consent--a bill that, as he notes, was  introduced just yesterday. Well, we must pass this right now, he says,  because these children shouldn't have to suffer 1 more hour. With all  due respect, they could have had relief months ago. They can still have  relief today.   I have taken the time since yesterday to review Senator Durbin's  legislation, and I cannot support it. This legislation allows the  children of H-1B workers to remain in the country for the 20 to 30  years that their parents have to wait in the green card backlog--the  same green card backlog the Senator is now decrying   When their parents die, children of immigrant workers will not be  immediately deported. But this prolonging of dependent status is  helpful only if the parent lives and works in this country until his or  her green card application is actually adjudicated. It does nothing for  the child of an immigrant whose dead parent's green card application is  ultimately denied because his or her job is no longer available-- nothing.   To be honest, the 20 to 30 years is a short wait for most of the  Indian nationals currently stuck in this awful, hellish green card  backlog. In fact, it is a drop in the bucket. In 2020, the wait for an  EB2 green card is not, in fact, 20 to 30 years for an Indian national.  What is it, then? Is it 30? Is it 40, 50, 60? No, it is much longer  than that. It is 195 years. This means that someone from India entering  the backlog today would have to wait 195 years to receive an EB3 green  card. Even if we give their children this limbo status, none of them  will have a prayer of becoming a U.S. citizen.   To put this in perspective, 195 years ago, John Quincy Adams had  recently been inaugurated as President of the United States.   The legislation purports to allow aging-out children to move to a  student visa status, but it also fails to accomplish even this. Student  visas require the applicant to have residency in a foreign country,  which, obviously, these children do not have.   Perhaps these are merely drafting errors, but as such, they  underscore my concerns about passing slapdash legislation just because  it bears a title that compels us to believe that it will correct the  most egregious problems and protect the most vulnerable populations.   Even if we generously overlook these ``drafting errors,'' this  legislation goes from sloppy to worse. Most egregiously, it will  increase the existing green card backlog. If we pass this legislation  on its own, high-skilled workers from highly populated countries will  have fewer and fewer green cards available to them, meaning they will  have to wait longer and longer for relief. In fact, by the time we  stretch this out to 2030, the 195-year backlog I mentioned a moment ago  would be extended out to a 400- to 450-year backlog. That is not fair.  I can't imagine that is what the Senator from Illinois wants.   If we want to actually protect the children of immigrant workers, we  need to end the inequities of the green card system. Real protection  for the children is impossible unless we have a fair path forward for  the parents.   I have worked for 9 years on a thoughtful solution to these problems  in the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act. This compromise  protects children, protects widows and widowers, and it provides an  equitable path forward for all our high-skilled immigrants. That is why  I call on Senator Durbin to lift his hold on the Fairness for High- Skilled Immigrants Act and to provide relief to immigrant children and  to their parents.   As to the suggestion that the changes made to this legislation were  bad, that they were a departure from what we  [[Page S4389]]  agreed on, it is not true. The implementation delay simply allows the  USCIS a time to develop the adequate infrastructure to implement what  we had proposed, the 50-50 rule change. This 3 years is there to  protect the H-1B visa holders who were already here. The hold-harmless  provision was taken care of with the 3- to 9-year transition that now  covers them.   In any event, this legislation--the one Senator Durbin now tries to  pass by unanimous consent, introduced for the first time yesterday that  I have now reviewed--is sloppy. It doesn't solve the problem, and it  would make a lot of things worse. I therefore object.    Madam President, we have the opportunity right here to pass  this right now. This bill fixes this problem.   As to the suggestion that we can't do any of this without increasing  the total number of green cards--this is a poison pill. My friend and  colleague knows that it is a poison pill. In fact, we had that very  discussion. I don't ordinarily--in fact, I have a uniform policy  against publicly talking about private conversations we have as  colleagues. We have now brought it to the floor.   We talked about this. This was the basis upon which we reached a deal  in his office in December. The point there was to understand that we  can't pass something--certainly by unanimous consent--that increases  the total number of employment-based green cards. It is not going to  happen. So we are dealing here with that finite universe. That is the  basis of the deal we reached in December.   As to the suggestion that we can't do anything without increasing the  total number of green cards, the Senator knows that is not on the  table. That is not fair. What we want to do is make this process fair,  even if we only have a limited number of green cards to work with,  which is the case. Whether you like that political reality or not, it  is the political reality. It is the factual understanding that the  Senator and I discussed and understood in December when we made that  deal. The Lee alternative is the encapsulation of that.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee  be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1044 and that the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the Lee  amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered  read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, the protection for the children is now  found in the proposal, in the amendment at the desk--the one that was  just objected to by my friend and colleague, the Senator from Illinois.   I would ask my colleague rhetorically or directly, as he may choose:  If, in fact, he is unwilling and remains unwilling to negotiate on any  bill addressing this problem without increasing the total number of  employment-based green cards, why in the world did he waste months of  my time? Why did he lead me to believe, while in his office, that he  was open to such an agreement that was, in fact, the premise upon which  we proceeded? We spent months on that, and I worked in good faith.   As I mentioned yesterday, it was against my better judgment that I  agreed to announce with the Senator on the Senate floor that we had  reached an agreement because I knew that we had to work out a few  kinks, but I proceeded based solely on the feasibility and our ability  to implement that bill. That was the only change that we made.   Now, if the Senator wants to make some adjustment to that, bring it  forward. I would love to consider it. Yet what he is now telling me is  that the premise upon which we proceeded on those negotiations and then  spent  [[Page S4390]]  weeks and months working on was false in that the whole premise that we  could reach some sort of compromise--an actual compromise--that  wouldn't increase the number of total green cards available was  illusory. I find that disappointing.    Rhetorically or otherwise, the Senator is welcome to answer.    Madam President, I am always happy to discuss any  counterproposal. If the Senator would make one, I would love to see it.  It is not fair to say I don't care about those kids because I am  unwilling to create additional green cards. If the Senator wants to  protect these children, pass this bill. Pass it today. Pass it at this  very moment.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, when Americans see a ``Made in the U.S.A.''  label on a product, it is a source of great pride, and justifiably so.  It represents the American virtues of entrepreneurialism and  industriousness. It also alludes to the fact that, as Americans, we  have a common sense of destiny and a common appreciation for the  inherent dignity and eternal worth of the human soul. It is a symbol of  support for American manufacturing jobs, for local communities, and for  high-quality products. So it often spurs American consumers as well as  foreign consumers to buy a particular product--a product lucky enough  to have that label.   The Federal Trade Commission currently enforces a difficult standard  for all products that want to claim the ``Made in the U.S.A.'' label.  It requires that ``all or virtually all'' of a product be made in the  United States, and it has issued a lengthy legal guidance document--or  a series thereof--establishing rules for who may and may not claim that  title.   However, one State holds a different standard--one that is nearly  impossible for businesses to meet. Under California's law, if more than  5 percent of the components of a particular product are manufactured  outside the United States--even if that means just a few bolts or a few  screws--that product cannot lawfully be labeled ``Made in the U.S.A.''   Because of the flow of interstate and international commerce, in  which most manufacturers sell wholesale to national and international  distributors who then disperse products all throughout the country, the  other 49 States are forced to comply with this one--the most rigid  definition--in order to avoid costly litigation.   For many practical purposes, this just means they can't use the  label. It makes it impracticable as a business matter and not feasible  as a legal matter for them to claim that label. Even though they could  legally boast the ``Made in the U.S.A.'' claim in every other State in  the country, California makes it more or less impossible for them to do  so. In other words, a single State is effectively dictating a country- of-origin label. Think about that for a minute.   If California or any other State in the Union, for that matter, would  like to create a State-of-origin label, I have no issue with such a  State doing that and wouldn't suggest that the Federal Government ought  to undo those parameters. But as it currently stands, the California  law undermines Congress's rightful authority to regulate interstate  commerce and needlessly hurts American manufacturers.   This is one of the reasons we are our own country. This is one of the  reasons we fly the Stars and Stripes. It is one of the reasons the  Constitution came into existence to begin with--to give Congress the  power to regulate commerce between the several States with foreign  nations and with Indians Tribes. Our previous form of government, under  the Articles of Confederation, didn't create a Congress that had that  power. As a result, in the early days following the American  Revolution, States were engaging in activities amounting to economic  Balkanization. We saw economic Balkanization among and between the  States. That is why our Founding Fathers gathered in that hot, fateful,  and sweltering summer of 1787 in Philadelphia--for this very reason.   The Reinforcing American-Made Products Act would solve this very  problem. It would simply ensure that the FTC has the exclusive  authority to set the national standard for ``Made in the U.S.A.''  labeling. The legislation would provide clarity and consistency,  helping American companies to avoid unnecessary hardships and frivolous  lawsuits that would otherwise deter them from using this coveted and  justifiably enviable label of ``Made in the U.S.A.''   Now more than ever, in the midst of the economic turmoil associated  with the global pandemic, we ought to be doing all we can to support  American jobs and to strengthen our local communities. This legislation  would help us accomplish just that. I urge my colleagues to vote in  favor of it.  [[Page S4398]]    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from further  consideration of S. 4065 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.   