 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last night, the Department of Defense  confirmed reports that Iran launched missiles at a number of our  installations in Iraq that housed U.S. and coalition forces. As details  continue to emerge, it appears that there have been no casualties. We  commend the professionalism and bravery of our servicemembers and other  personnel in harm's way.   While we are thankful that there were no casualties and we are  thankful for the safety of American forces and personnel in the region,  I condemn the attack by the Iranian Government and remain concerned  about the risk of further escalation of hostilities in the Middle East.  Now, more than ever, the  [[Page S65]]  United States must be clear-headed and sure-footed about what comes  next. The American people do not want a war with Iran, and the  President does not have the authority to wage one.   Yesterday, we learned that the President had ordered the deployment  of at least as many as 4,500 soldiers to the region--potentially more.  Beyond Iraq, the U.S. military now has more than 70,000 troops in the  Middle East, from Kuwait to Qatar, to Afghanistan, to the UAE, to Saudi  Arabia, to Jordan, Oman, and Bahrain.   The President has promised to get the United States out of these  forever wars in the Middle East, but the arrow is headed in the wrong  direction.   Mr. President, how many more is it going to be? How long will they  remain abroad? What is their objective? How will we assure their  safety? Will more be deployed in the weeks and months ahead?   These are urgent questions. The administration must answer them. But  so far, there has been a profound lack of information provided to  Congress from the Department of Defense concerning what the Department  is doing in response to Iran.   So I join Senators Reed and Durbin in requesting regular briefings  and documents from the administration detailing the number of troops  the President has deployed and plans to deploy in support of  contingency plans with respect to Iran. We need to know if the  administration is committing additional troops to the region and for  how long.   Our letter urges the administration to clarify to the American people  and our military that international law prohibits the deliberate  targeting of cultural sites and that such an order would be unlawful  and should not be followed.   The American people, rightfully, have serious concerns about a war  with Iran and whether we are safer today because of this President's  foreign policy, which is so often impulsive and erratic. I am afraid  these impulsive and erratic actions throughout the world are making us  less safe.   