 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman DeFazio for all he has  done with this Moving Forward Act, and I rise in strong support of this  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, there is no better way to jump-start our economy and  create millions of good-paying jobs than to modernize our badly aging  infrastructure. It will also help us significantly to combat climate  change.   COVID-19 has wiped out more than 600,000 clean energy jobs, stifling  both our economy and our fight against climate change. This bill would  help us  [[Page H2922]]  rebuild our economy with a $70 billion investment in clean energy. This  sweeping investment will upgrade the electric grid to accommodate more  renewable energy and make the grid more resilient.   We also invest in energy efficiency, which will help homeowners save  money on their energy bills. We make a major investment in the  development of electric vehicle charging networks, stimulating job  growth in the EV industry and addressing the need to lower greenhouse  gas pollution coming from our cars and trucks.   The COVID-19 pandemic has also put a spotlight on just how critical  it is to have access to clean and safe water. That is why this bill  invests over $25 billion in drinking water programs, and it also  provides $2.7 billion for the brownfields programs so local communities  can transform former factories, abandoned lots, and other vacant  facilities into community centers, parks, and new businesses.   Mr. Speaker, the pandemic has also starkly demonstrated the need to  ensure families all across the Nation have access to high-speed  internet. The Moving Forward Act provides over $100 billion to fund  broadband-related programs, which will get us to 100 percent internet  coverage.   Kids all around the Nation need access to broadband to participate in  their classes online, and this bill provides $5 billion for mobile  hotspots and connected devices to make sure students who don't have  access to these resources at home can effectively engage with remote  learning.   We also authorized $12 billion to upgrade our frail 911  infrastructure for the next generation.   Mr. Speaker, finally, the COVID-19 pandemic has exposed an alarming  number of preexisting weaknesses in our Nation's healthcare  infrastructure, so we invest $30 billion to upgrade our Nation's health  infrastructure. That is for hospitals, community centers, and  other healthcare facilities.    Mr. Speaker, I urge our Members to vote for the Moving Forward Act to  move our Nation forward during these unprecedented times.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1028, I offer  amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this en bloc amendment of 28  that will further improve the already strong language of H.R. 2 in many  areas.   It will expand our digital internet infrastructure through Tribal  benefits and assistance available under the broadband sections. These  digital infrastructure measures will ensure access to affordable,  reliable internet service and give Americans living in multifamily and  government-assisted housing access to reliable, high-speed broadband.   It will strengthen energy efficiency and resilience for critical  infrastructure, while addressing greenhouse gas pollution and  environmental justice issues at our Nation's ports.   It creates a fund to invest in clean energy technologies and jobs and  improves the Department of Energy's laboratory infrastructure, while  bolstering its clean energy research.   It improves the underlying clean school bus and electrical vehicle  provisions, while also expanding on the PFAS and lead contamination  provisions.   It also improves drinking water assistance to our territories.   Mr. Speaker, this bloc of amendments also includes provisions to  protect pedestrians, bicyclists, and other vulnerable road users, while  promoting the safe use of child booster seats.   It also prioritizes hospital and lab infrastructure projects that  will address natural disaster preparedness and reduce wait times for  results of COVID-19 tests.   So I want to thank the many Members who contributed to the en bloc,  including Representatives Blunt-Rochester, Dingell, Matsui, Sarbanes,  Lujan, O'Halleran, and Cardenas from the Energy and Commerce Committee,  as well as Representatives Brindisi, Craig, Cunningham, Foster,  Haaland, Hayes, Krishnamoorthi, Levin of Michigan, Lipinski, Meng,  Moore, Norcross, Phillips, Plaskett, Porter, Sablan, Slotkin,  Spanberger, and Takano. Their amendments are making this a better bill,  and I thank them for their contributions.   This an excellent amendment. I urge its adoption, and I reserve the  balance of time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle), the chairman of the Communications  and Technology Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell), who is always dealing with these innovative  technologies and uses that are so important for our future.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Levin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Virginia (Ms. Spanberger).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Virginia (Ms. Spanberger).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from South Carolina (Mr. Cunningham).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Delaware (Ms. Blunt Rochester), a member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, can I inquire about how much time remains  on each side?  [[Page H2975]]     Mr. Speaker, I was expecting someone else, but they are  not here. I am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support of this en bloc amendment. I do  think it will improve the already strong language of H.R. 2 in many  areas, and I would urge its adoption.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   