 Mr. Speaker, this package is not the first response to  the COVID-19 pandemic, nor will it be the last.   The American people expect us to set partisanship aside in times of  crisis and do what is best for our country and for our constituents,  and that is what we are doing today.   We are helping healthcare providers on the front lines back home get  the personal protective equipment they need and the medicines and  medical devices that will save the lives of their patients. We are  helping people who have lost their jobs get a lifeline. We are helping  our small businesses keep their workforce together. We are making  record investments into finding treatments and a cure. We are helping  our State and local governments, too.   We are all in this together. With President Trump's leadership, we  are all in this to win as fast as medically possible.   In order to prevent our health system from collapsing under the  weight of this virus, we are providing unprecedented support for our  Nation's healthcare providers, including $100 billion for hospitals,  labs, doctors, and increased reimbursement for treating COVID-19  patients.   We will dramatically expand production and distribution of medical  supplies by providing liability protections through the PREP Act for  respirator manufacturers, providing $16 billion for the Strategic  National Stockpile to procure medical countermeasures such as personal  protective equipment and ventilators, and providing $11 billion for the  manufacturing, production, and purchase of vaccines, therapeutics,  diagnostics, and other items to address the Nation's medical or  preparedness needs.   The CARES Act opens up the fastest computers in the world at our  national laboratories for research and analysis related to the COVID-19  virus. We help EPA expedite the ability to get disinfectants to market  more quickly to protect the public from COVID-19 and prevent its  further spread. In a volatile oil market, the CARES Act smartly delays  a mandatory 2020 sale of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve  through 2022.   Included in the package are improvements to expand access to care  through telehealth, including $200 million for the FCC for telehealth  services and devices and an expansion of telehealth services in the  Medicare program.   The package also extends vital Medicare, Medicaid, and public health  programs, including community health centers, among many others, until  November 30 this year.   We mobilize the Nation's health workforce by providing liability  protections to those who provide volunteer medical services during the  public health crisis and by standing up the Ready Reserve.   We take steps to protect our medical supply chain, something that I  hope the Congress will continue to work on after we pass this  legislation today.   Today's phase three approach is the most comprehensive and robust  response to COVID-19 yet. Together, we are going to win this war.   