 Madam President, 8 years ago this morning, I was in  Bridgeport, CT. I had done an event early that morning with the mayor,  and I was due to meet my wife and my two children--then 4 years old and  1--on a train platform in Bridgeport to head down to New York City, to  spend the rest of that Friday afternoon with my young kids, their first  chance to see the Christmas decorations of the city.   I received a phone call while on the train platform telling me that  something had happened in Sandy Hook, CT. Sandy Hook is a section of  Newtown, CT.  [[Page S7459]]    I debated whether or not to still go down to New York, but as the  news started to become more clear, I got in the car and headed up to  the firehouse just down a short road from Sandy Hook Elementary School,  where an emergency response effort was gathering.   It was there that 20 parents found out what had happened inside that  school, as the rest of the world was finding out that same gruesome  news.   That was 8 years ago today--mark today--that tragic anniversary of  the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School.   Since that day, I have gotten to know those families--the mothers and  the fathers of the children who were killed, the daughters, the  siblings of educators who were killed. There were six educators inside  Sandy Hook Elementary School who lost their lives that day--heroes all.  There were 20 children. I have also gotten to know the community of  Sandy Hook even better than I ever had during my 6 years representing  them in the House of Representatives.    Sandy Hook was and is a miraculous place. As much as the world saw  evil that day, perpetuated by a young man named Adam Lanza, what  happened in the hours and days, weeks and months following, in and  around Sandy Hook, told us what really sits inside of us, and that is  an indescribable goodness, an ability to meet evil with all sorts of  generosity that poured on to Sandy Hook from all over the world in big  ways and small ways.   Teddy bears were sent in to Sandy Hook by the thousands in the days  and weeks afterward. A fund was set up for the families of the victims.  Millions of dollars went into that fund to help pay for the college  educations of the brothers and sisters who were left behind. The  community wrapped its arms around those families, around the first  responders. And while Sandy Hook will never ever be the same ever  again, I was able to see firsthand what truly lies inside all of us.   Over the last 8 years, we have tried to make good by the memory of  those kids. There is no way to fill that hole, but I have watched as  communities have been changed through the generosity that has come out  of that tragedy. Almost every family established a unique not-for- profit that is doing all sorts of incredible work, all sort of based in  many ways off of the loves of those children.   There are charities that are building playgrounds for kids who love  to climb and swing. There are charities that are providing access to  animals for young kids in need, in memory of the kids who died that day  who loved animals. There are charities that are building social- emotional help, trying to make sure that you never ever get in a  situation ever again where a young man like Adam Lanza feels so  separated from society, his community, his peers, and reality that  someone thinks to do what he did. Just on the charitable side of the  equation, there is so much over the last 8 years that has happened that  has changed people's lives, that has saved lives, because of what those  families and what the community of Newtown has done.   There has been policy change as well. We passed the Mental Health  Reform Act in the U.S. Senate and in the House, and it was signed into  law, one of the last things that President Obama did before he left  office.   Of course, we have had an ongoing conversation about the way in which  we change our gun laws. Many of us in Connecticut have strong feelings  that if Adam Lanza wasn't able to get his hands as easily on a semi- automatic military-style weapon, he may not have ever made the journey  to that school that morning. So we continue in our work to try to reset  the gun laws of this Nation to try to make sure that no tragedy like  that ever happens again simply because of ease of access to a weapon of  that power.   About a month after that shooting in Sandy Hook Elementary School, I  had the chance to visit a community center in the North End of  Hartford. I had just been sworn in as a Senator. The tragedy in Sandy  Hook happened after my election to Senate but before I had been sworn  in. After I was sworn in to the Senate, I went to a community center in  the North End of Hartford where I met with the families of the victims  of gun violence from that neighborhood. By the time Sandy Hook had  happened in 2012, 20 young men and women had lost their lives to  gunfire in Hartford. As for the families that we met that day, their  hearts grieved deeper than anyone else for the families in Sandy Hook  because they knew what that pain is like. They had lost sons and  daughters themselves. But they were also furious that the whole country  was waking up to the epidemic of gun violence in this country after  Newtown when it had been happening in Hartford and Bridgeport and New  Haven and New Orleans and Chicago and Los Angeles and Baltimore for  decades without much action and without much attention from the  mainstream news media or from those in power.   Many of us had to reconcile the ways in which we had spent our public  career in the weeks and months after Sandy Hook. I am embarrassed by  the fact that I didn't do more when I was in the House of  Representatives, that I didn't do more when I was in the State  legislature, to try to address the epidemic of gun violence in this  country, wherever it happens. There were many people in this Chamber  who stood up in the wake of Sandy Hook and decided that they were going  to lead--people like Pat Toomey and Joe Manchin--in ways that they  hadn't led before.   I think we have all had to reassess our priorities. We have all had  to think about whether we measured up to this moment that we live in  today, where 100 people died from gun violence and a lot of kids who go  to school around this country just expect that, at some point in their  young lives, they will be met with a mass shooting. So we come here 8  years later, and we try to measure what has happened. Have we made  enough change? And we try to recommit ourselves to these ideas moving  forward.   I am proud of many of the things we have done. I am proud of all the  charitable efforts, and I am proud of the Mental Health Reform Act, and  I am proud we have put more money into school safety. I am proud that a  lot of private-sector entities have stood up to stop weapons from being  carried into public spaces.   But I am also furious. I am also furious that there are easy, popular  things that we could be doing to stop the likelihood of another Sandy  Hook, to reduce the level of gun violence that happens in our city, and  we choose not to take those steps.   Now, universal background checks wouldn't have saved the lives of  those kids in Sandy Hook, but those parents came here and lobbied for  that legislation in 2013 because they know that, if that legislation  was in place, there would be a whole lot of other kids alive throughout  this country because the flow of illegal guns would be stunted into our  cities and many of our neighborhoods.    Those families in Sandy Hook don't necessarily care how it gets done.  They just want to make sure that there are less parents that ever have  to go through what they have gone through. And despite the fact that 95  percent of Americans support something like universal background  checks, we still haven't done it here--an example of where democracy  just doesn't seem to be working.   So we still have lots to do. I am sure I will get the opportunity  over the course of 2021 to talk a lot about the path forward on  changing our gun laws.   But the final thing that I want to say today, before I yield the  floor to Senator Blumenthal, is that for those Americans who haven't  had to come face-to-face with a tragedy like that, maybe for those who  haven't been around that kind of pain and sorrow, maybe it is a little  bit hard to understand perspective. One of the things we have tried to  do in the last 8 years is, on this day--the 1-year, the 2-year, the 3- year, the 4-year, and now the 8-year mark--to just ask people on this  day to go out and do something nice for a friend, for a relative, for a  stranger. Just act in a kind, generous way, and maybe, over the course  of the next year, make it a habit to do a little bit more than you  would have done otherwise to help people in and around you in the ways  that people helped the community of Sandy Hook--the parents, the  relatives--in small and big ways in the wake of the tragedy 8 years  ago.  [[Page S7460]]    When you are around that kind of loss and pain, when you think about  what it is like to lose a child, I think it helps to give some  perspective as to what is really important in this world.   We have a habit in this business to treat each other unkindly, and I  am guilty of that, just like everyone else in this body is. Especially  these days, we tend to fall into this trap too easily in which we  assume bad motives of folks who just think differently than us. There  are some folks out there today who won't go to businesses that are  owned by Republicans or won't associate themselves with folks who might  have more progressive views than they have. Politics matter. Don't get  me wrong. But there are things that matter more than politics. And when  we think about what those families are going through today as they are  forced to relive the events of that day at Sandy Hook Elementary  School, we should be reminded of how lucky we are to still be on this  Earth; for those who haven't endured that kind of loss, how lucky we  are to still have our children by our side. And we should remember that  kindness, treating people respectfully, understanding what is important  in the long run--family, friendships, relationships--that is one of the  lessons, I hope, of Sandy Hook.   So this is never a fun day to come down to the floor and mark the  anniversary of Sandy Hook, but I want to finish by just saying thank  you to the parents and the families for letting Senator Blumenthal and  I into their lives.   I have these friendships, these bonds with those families today that  I never expected but now may be more meaningful to me than any other  relationships that I have. And I do have strong words often for my  colleagues about our unwillingness to make change in this body, but it  is because, when my public service is done, the measure of whether I  succeeded or failed, to me, in many ways is in the hands of those  families. Whether they think that I have made a difference to honor the  memory of their children is probably what will matter to me more than  anything else when I hang up my public service spikes a few years from  now--5 years from now, 10 years from now.   I thank them for enduring this pain, for reaching out to those of us  in positions of leadership to help guide us, and for finding all sorts  of ways to lift up the light and the memory of their children, of their  parents, of those that fell 8 years ago today in Sandy Hook.   I yield the floor.   