 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  [[Page H1131]]    I thank Representative Speier, Representative Maloney, and all of  those who have been such warriors on this issue for such a long period  of time. They are keeping the faith.   This constitutional amendment was passed in 1972, to be specific, in  the early part of 1972. I was a member of the Maryland State Senate in  1972, and I had the honor in the late spring of 1972, just months after  the ERA had been passed, of voting to ratify that.   Now, the previous speaker said in only 35 States. That is 70 percent  of the States ratified that in a timely fashion. Timely in the sense  that we set in a resolution, as the chairman pointed out, a date.  Seventy percent of the States of this Nation.   Now, it needed three more States. It has now received three more  States. I have been an advocate for the equal rights amendment for  essentially 4 decades, actually longer. I will be proud to vote for it  today.   Just a few months, as I said, after Congress adopted the ERA,  Maryland voted for ratification. I thought that it was long overdue  even then in 1972. Here we are some 48 years later, and it still is.   Our Founders declared ``all men are created equal'' in their  Declaration of Independence. Surely, no Founder, if they were writing  that document today, would have said ``men'' meant white, property- owning men. Surely, they would not have written that. Surely, none of  us would have supported that.   Since the very beginning Americans have been taking steps, therefore,  to define that in a more expansive, inclusive term representing our  universal values. We amended the Constitution to ensure African  Americans and women could not be denied the right to vote. It took a  long time. Particularly, I hope the women in this body will think of  the suffragettes who were extraordinarily active and involved in our  community and making decisions in our families and in our communities  and country but who could not vote prior to 1919.   From 1789 to 1919 women could not vote. I am the father of three  daughters, the grandfather of two granddaughters, and the great- grandfather of three great-granddaughters. For me to go home to them  tonight and say I voted against your being equal in America. Now, my  wife passed away, but if I went home to her tonight and said I voted  against your being equal in America or those grandchildren and great- grandchildren who happen to have been born as women and say to them I  voted against your being equal in America today.   We passed the Civil Rights Act to make clear that all must be treated  equal regardless of race. We passed the ADA, which I cosponsored 30  years ago to ban discrimination against those with disabilities. But  still nowhere in our Constitution does it state clearly that women must  be treated equally and that one must not be subject to discrimination  because of their gender.   The ERA would enshrine that basic tenant of our democracy in our  Constitution at long last. Seventy percent of the States and then three  more said that ought to be in our Constitution. Three-quarters of the  States have voted to ratify this amendment.   Discrimination against women has through our history kept bright and  talented Americans from achieving their full potential in our economy.  Because of their hard work, the sacrifices, the leadership, and the  perseverance of trailblazing women, we have seen barriers come down,  doors of opportunity open, and glass ceilings shatter.   Discrimination, inequality, and injustice persist, and we will hear  arguments on this floor rationalizing why discrimination ought to still  exist. And as long as our Constitution does not explicitly ban  discrimination based upon gender as it does based on race, we will  continue to see forms of legal discrimination against women linger in  our country.   Taking this step to add the equal rights amendment to the  Constitution is one of the many that House Democrats are taking to  combat discrimination against women simply because they are women.   Last year, we passed the Paycheck Fairness Act. Not everybody voted  for that, but, in my opinion, everybody voted for that who thought  equal pay should mean equal pay, irrespective of gender and based upon  work performed. That built on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009  to ensure equal pay for equal work.   We also passed the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act.  Most of us on our side voted for that, but there was a rationalization  why some thought, no, we will not protect women against violence.   We have continued working to protect women's rights to make their own  healthcare choices and to access quality affordable care.   Who said that was part of the Constitution?   The Supreme Court of the United States. They said that was a  constitutional right and we see effort after effort to erode that  constitutional right.   I am proud that the Democratic Caucus in the 116th Congress is not  only the most diverse in American history, but also includes the  greatest number of women.   In Virginia, it was an election that saw the house of delegates reach  30 percent women and the State senate reach 28 percent. Once it got  there, the women of Virginia stood up and said this ought to be in the  Constitution of the United States, and they voted to do so. Virginia  now has a woman speaker of the house, as we do in our U.S. House, and  as my home State of Maryland has in our house of delegates. It is  because more women are stepping up to run for office and winning  elections that more women's voices are being heard in our democracy.   That is why this resolution is on the floor. That is a wonderful  thing, and I have been proud to help recruit talented women to run for  the House as Democrats. And very frankly, we need more women as  Republicans, a diminishing group, I might add.   I urge my colleagues, men and women, Democrats and Republicans, to  join in supporting this resolution.    And, finally, is it too late?   It is too late. But it is never too late to do the right thing.   Make this part of our Constitution. Stand up and say, yes, women  should be included as all humankind who are endowed by their creator  with certain unalienable rights. That is the principle that we are  articulating today.   Alice Paul, who first wrote the ERA and campaigned for it for most of  her life was once asked why she kept all her focus on getting the job  done, and she said this, ``When you put your hand to the plow, you  can't put it down until you get to the end of the row.'' We are not at  the end of the row, but this is a way upon that row to make it complete  to make our Constitution protect all people, male or female, Black or  white, all people.   At long last, let's hold firm to that plow. Let's get the job done.  Vote ``yes'' on this resolution.   