 Madam President, I rise today to join my Republican  colleagues from Louisiana and Maine to make a plea for us to break any  partisan logjam and support bipartisan, commonsense solutions. I want  to especially commend Senator Cassidy, who from the beginning has  joined me in this effort and has been true to his commitment to the  issue and to his work. We have engaged in a series of conferences with  major national organizations in support of the legislation, and I  appreciate his leadership in this regard. I also appreciate Senator  Collins, who joined us from the very beginning in this effort.    Exactly 76 days ago--yes, 2.5 months ago--Senator Cassidy and I stood  here on the floor of the Senate with our colleagues Senator Collins and  Booker to talk about the challenges facing our State and local  governments and the need for Congress to deliver robust, flexible  assistance to help them deal with the pandemic and economic fallout.   In 76 days, we have seen COVID-19 sweep across our land. The virus is  surging in States coast to coast. From the Deep South to the Upper  Midwest, no community has been spared.   America is no stranger to tough times. In just the past 100 years, we  have fought two World Wars. We have faced a Great Depression. We have  confronted a nuclear-armed Soviet Union. We have faced calamitous  disasters, both natural and manmade, from Hurricanes Katrina and Sandy  to the terrorist attacks on 9/11. We have lived through many dark days  of our history, but no matter how steep the challenge, no matter how  hopeless things appeared at the moment, we always came together as a  country, and we saw ourselves as Americans above all else.   I am proud to be a New Jerseyan. I am proud to be from a State that  invests in its people, has a great educational system, and has an  innovative economy. But when my parents fled tyranny in Cuba, their  dream wasn't to move to any one State. No, they dreamed of moving to  the United States of America to give me and my siblings the opportunity  they never had.   We are not a collection of 50 separate States. No, we are one Nation,  indivisible. When hurricanes hit the gulf coast, flooding inundated  communities along the Mississippi River, or wildfires raged in the  West, I have never hesitated to act and cast my vote to help my fellow  Americans. I have never asked how many New Jerseyans were affected or  how this would impact my State. But some in this body have chosen to  undermine that unity and to, instead, pit Americans in one State versus  their fellow citizens in another. They have derided Senator Cassidy's  and my efforts to avoid millions of layoffs of essential workers as a  ``Blue State Bailout.''   For example, the junior Senator from Florida has said he refuses to  support assistance because it will go to progressive States like New  Jersey, New York, and California. He spreads falsehoods about States  carrying over large annual budget deficits, even though he must be well  aware that States, unlike the Federal Government, must balance their  budgets according to their State Constitution.   He has the gall to chide other States about taking from Florida, even  as his own State is the second largest ``taker'' State in the entire  country. Indeed, according to the latest estimates, Florida receives  about $45 billion more from the Federal Government than it pays each  and every year. By comparison, New Jersey actually pays about $21  billion more each year to the Federal Government than it receives. Let  me say that again. Florida takes $45 billion more per year out of the  Federal coffers than they put in. New Jersey puts $21 billion back in.   To my colleague from Florida: You are welcome.   Why is New Jersey a donor or ``maker'' State while Florida is a  ``taker'' State? Quite simply, it is because we invest in our people  and in our communities. New Jersey has the best public schools in the  country, ranking No. 1 in Education Week's 2019 report. Florida, well,  it ranked in the bottom half of the States.   A better education leads to a better economy with higher paying jobs,  so it is no surprise that New Jersey also has the highest per capita  income among States at over $110,000 per year. By comparison, Florida's  per capita income is almost $35,000 less, which puts it, once again, in  the bottom half of States.   So if you want your children to have a quality education, if you want  to work in a vibrant economy that creates high-paying jobs, you should  live in a State like New Jersey. But New Jersey, like all States--and  through no fault of our own--is facing a health and fiscal crisis of  historic magnitude. And because here in Washington we have failed to  implement a national response to a national emergency, our local towns,  cities, counties, and States have to deal with this crisis alone rather  than united as a nation, and they are running out of money.   They are running out of money to combat this deadly disease. They are  running out of money to maintain the services our residents and  businesses depend upon. They are running out of money to pay our first  responders: police, firefighters, paramedics, and emergency personnel.  They are running out of money to make sure that there are teachers in  the classrooms when our kids can safely head back to school and nurses  in our hospitals when a sick patient is brought in. They are running  out of money to make sure the trash gets picked up, the buses and  trains run on time, and the lights stay on at City Hall.   They have been squeezed on both sides of the ledger, spending  billions of dollars in unforeseen costs on emergency response while  watching revenues dry up due to the slowing economy and necessary  orders to contain the virus.   Without help from Washington, our States, counties, and  municipalities will have to swallow a toxic cocktail of tax hikes,  service cuts, and layoffs that will only poison our economic recovery.   It would be the height of irony--and a horrible one at that--for the  men and women we have needed the most to be the ones fired as a result  of the economic distress that the virus has created. We need our  essential workers on the job dealing with the pandemic, not on the  unemployment line.   Already, nearly 1.5 million State and local workers have been  furloughed or laid off--and that is only since February--and double the  total local public sector jobs we lost during the entire great  recession of a decade ago.   If we fail to deliver the robust, flexible funding our States and  communities need, we will effectively be sending pink slips to millions  of Americans. We will be saying to all of them: You are fired.   That will be millions more who aren't collecting a paycheck, millions  who can't afford to shop at our stores, eat at our restaurants, pay  their rent, or their mortgage.   Leading economists respected by both parties predict it would  decimate our economy and send us on the path to another Great  Depression. We can't allow that to happen.   That is why Senator Cassidy, Senator Collins, Senator Hyde-Smith, and  I came together. We saw early on the impact COVID-19 was having on our  home States and constituents, so we came up with the State and  Municipal Assistance for Recovery and Transition, or the SMART Act.   As Senator Cassidy says, it delivers $500 billion in flexible funding  to frontline States, counties, and municipalities. It targets areas  with the greatest need based on infection rate and lost revenues.  Unfortunately, from when we started this, that is a growing reality  across the country. Every single town, city, and county, regardless of  its size, would qualify for direct funding. No one is left out.  [[Page S4708]]    We immediately built a bipartisan coalition with Senators Collins,  Booker, Hyde-Smith, Manchin, and Sinema--Republicans and Democrats from  all walks of life, cutting across the political and geographic  spectrum.   We knew the assistance Congress provided our State and local  governments in the CARES Act wasn't enough to deal with the growing  need, and we warned our colleagues--each and every one--that what was  happening in New Jersey, Louisiana, and elsewhere would eventually come  to their State if we didn't get this pandemic under control. Well, we  haven't, and it is raging. Our fellow Americans are suffering, and too  many of them are dying.   We have waited for 76 days. What is now being offered is wholly  inadequate to address the needs of the American people. In Colorado,  for example, the estimated State and local shortfall due to the  pandemic is $10 billion, and counting, through 2022. In Alaska, it is  expected to exceed $4 billion. In Georgia, it will be $2.5 billion in  2021 alone. Kentucky could see nearly a 20-percent drop in its revenues  in 2021, at a time when the State's fiscal house is already in  disorder. But we are being offered not a dime--zero--to help our  cities, counties, and States confront this challenge--zero, nothing.  That is not something that is acceptable.   That is the problem when we ignore regular order and let leadership  hijack the legislative process: We lose our voice, and the needs of our  constituents are left out.   I, for one, didn't come to Washington to sit on the sidelines and  wait for a handful of people to reach a deal behind closed doors,  forced to vote on a 1,000-page bill within an hour of seeing it. But  that is exactly what we have been doing here for far too long.   We need to end this high-stakes game of closed-door posturing and  restore the Senate back to the foundation as the greatest deliberative  body in the world.   It would have been easier for me just to embrace the $900 billion for  fiscal relief in the Heroes Act. It would have been easier for Senators  Cassidy, Collins, and Hyde-Smith to just toe the party line, but we all  knew that sticking to our respective corners wasn't going to help a  single one of our constituents.   It is not too late for the Senate to get back on track. Let's do our  jobs. Let's work together on a bipartisan solution that delivers the  Federal support our States, counties, and cities on the frontlines of  this pandemic need to defeat COVID-19 and serve the American people.   Let's bring the SMART Act up in committee, allow Members on both  sides of the aisle to offer amendments to make the legislation even  better. You all know what our State and local governments will get if  we leave it up to the present status--absolutely nothing. Good luck  explaining that to the people back at home.   I hear some of my colleagues speak from this floor, calling not for  unity but for division. They callously ignore the pleas for help from  the fellow Americans, comforted by the selfish but mistaken belief  their communities are immune to the fiscal Armageddon facing our  communities.   Let me be clear. It doesn't really matter how fiscally responsible or  conservative your State budget has been when your revenue drops 30  percent overnight. It is not a random blue State issue; it is an  American priority.   I believe that history will look kindly upon those who stood up for  some unity and compromise over demagoguery and obstinacy, those who put  the well-being of the country over scoring partisan points, those who  stuck their necks out and took a political risk for no reason other  than it was the right thing to do. That is what I believe we are doing  on the floor right now--the right thing.   With that, I am happy to turn to my friend Senator Collins.   