 Mr. President, I think we all know what is happening here.   The leader pointed out in his opening remarks that everything was  going really quite well. There were a lot of working groups that were  meeting. There was great bipartisan cooperation. Both sides were  getting ideas included in a plan. Then, yesterday, the Speaker of the  House showed up with an agenda and, all of a sudden, it got taken over  at the leadership level.   Now, instead of talking about helping workers, we are talking about  the Green New Deal and all kinds of other things, including the demands  unions and other special interest groups want to see in this deal.   Yet the throwaway line in this is about bailouts for big  corporations. Really? Are we going to do that again? Are we going to do  this again? You guys are going to come over here and block votes and  use the line that this is a bailout for big corporations?   You heard what Senator Alexander just said. This has money in here  for workers. This has money for families. This has money for small  businesses. It has lots of money, and $300 billion is going to go to  checks: $1,200 per person, $2,400 per couple, and $500 per child, for  everybody. There is up to $75,000 for a single and $150,000 for a  married couple who is filing jointly. There is $250 billion in here for  unemployment insurance, as the Senator from Tennessee pointed out, in  order to plus up and top off those unemployment funds that the States  have, and we will add $600 per person, per week for the next 3 months.  That is going to help unemployed people in this country.    The Small Business Loan Program, which was just alluded to and which  Senators Rubio, Collins, Cardin, and Shaheen have worked on, is a $350  billion program that allows small businesses to pay their employees, to  keep them employed so they keep their jobs and so those jobs don't go  away. Right there, that is $900 billion that will go to workers.   As Senator Alexander pointed out, there is over $242 billion in this  bill that is going to help out with healthcare, and we all know we have  to help our hospitals.   Between the $75 billion in direct spending in this particular  provision  [[Page S1924]]  and the $25 billion or more that is going to be part of the Medicare  provisions, that will be $100 billion for hospitals; $20 billion for  veterans' healthcare; $11 billion for vaccines, therapeutics,  diagnostics, and other preparedness needs; $4.5 billion for the Centers  for Disease Control and Prevention; $1.7 billion for the Strategic  National Stockpile; $12 billion for the military; $10 billion for block  grants to States; $12 billion for K-12 education; $6 billion for higher  education; $5 billion for the FEMA Disaster Relief Fund; $10 billion  for the airports; and $20 billion for public transportation emergency  relief.   All told, there is $242 billion--$186 billion, I might add, which  will go to the States. Everybody talks about helping out the States.  There is $186 billion of the $242 billion in this part of the bill that  will go to the States.   So there is $900 billion and another $250 billion. You are looking at  $1.2 trillion to $1.3 trillion, roughly, of this bill that will be  going to healthcare workers, hospitals, medical providers, families,  employees, and unemployed people. That is where it will go.   Yes, there is $500 billion in here to keep industries afloat that are  failing, and they are failing by the day and shedding jobs by the day.  These aren't grants--although, the Democrats did want some grants in  here, I might add. These are loans. These have to be paid back.  Bailouts usually apply to those who did something dumb on their own,  who made bad business decisions. These companies aren't in trouble  because of something they did on their own. This is no fault of their  own. They are in trouble because they have been shut down, and they all  hire millions of employees in this country. So, yes, we probably need  to do something to help businesses in this country so they can keep  working and keep their employees working.   This was put together with a lot of bipartisan input. The leader  appointed task forces, and the Democratic leader assigned people to  task forces. I observed those meetings and the discussions that went  on. They were bipartisan. I participated in some of those. They were  bipartisan, and we came together. All of these things that have been  put together in this plan were developed with an idea toward getting  help to workers, employees, small businesses, healthcare  professionals--the people who are fighting the crisis on the frontline.  Yet here we are, dillydallying around, and we can't even get on the  bill.   As the leader pointed out, there is another 60-vote threshold that  comes later. If you want to block it then, you can block it then. We  can't even get on the bill. The country is burning. The country is  burning, and your side wants to play political games.   It is time to get this done. The American people expect us to act.  They need action. We need to work together to get this done for the  American people. Do not come out here and say over and over and over  again that this is a bailout for big corporations. This bill is about  workers. It is about people. It is about families. It is about people  who are hurting out there economically, and we need to do something  about it. We are in a position to do something about it, and it is high  time that we did.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Colorado (Mr. Gardner), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Lee), the  Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Utah (Mr. Romney),  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott).    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from North Dakota for  his great leadership on this issue and all over here.   Senator Roberts--the longtime chairman of the Senate Ag Committee and  before that, the House Ag Committee--was very instrumental in our  getting a farm bill in late 2018--a farm bill which provides a safety  net and provides a little bit of stability in agriculture, which, as he  pointed out, has been just in the tank literally since 2013.   Our producers, farmers, and ranchers across the country and in South  Dakota have been operating with negative cash flows, eating into their  equity, and trying to keep their operations viable, and that was before  COVID-19. Now we have COVID-19, and we saw the bottom fall out of the  cattle market in this country.   I don't have to tell the Presiding Officer that agriculture is  important. It is the lifeblood of our economy in South Dakota. It is  our No. 1 industry. But that ripple effect is felt all across the  country. It is our food supply. Senator Hoeven talked earlier today  about the importance of ensuring that we maintain a safe, quality,  predictable, and affordable food supply for people in this country,  particularly when people are concerned in a time of crisis. We need to  maintain that food supply. So I want to thank him and all of our  colleagues here from farm country for working together to provide some  assistance in this particular bill, which would hopefully give some  relief for those who are out there, day in and day out, grinding it out  to make sure we have the food and fiber to keep this country going and,  for that matter, to feed the world.    Unfortunately, again, Senate Democrats don't seem willing to do that.  I was encouraged to hear just a little bit ago from my friend from West  Virginia, who is an advocate for agriculture. We also had the ranking  member of the Ag Committee down here earlier, saying she is willing to  work with us. But, unfortunately, we don't have time to waste. We don't  have time to waste. This isn't something that can be put off to another  day. We have producers that, if we don't do something, we are going to  leave them behind, and we need our Democratic colleagues to step up and  help get this bill passed.   As Senator Hoeven mentioned, the bill would provide $30 billion to  replenish the Commodity Credit Corporation, and it has a temporary  funding increase of an additional $20 billion in CCC funding to address  the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19. This funding would allow the  Department of Agriculture to quickly get assistance to farmers and  ranchers throughout America who are facing market volatility and  declining pricing in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. Farmers and  ranchers, I might add, as I already mentioned, were already dealing  with a weak ag economy well before this emergency hit.   I spoke with the Secretary of Agriculture a couple of days ago and  conveyed to him the incredible amount of hardship and economic pain  that is being created across the farm belt these days, particularly  with our cattle ranchers, and the pain they are feeling as a result of  these declining prices and what it might mean to their operations.   So I would simply say, in supporting all of my colleagues in what  they said today, that we don't know the full impact of this outbreak  across the agricultural industry, but we do know this: Our producers  are doing their part to keep the grocery shelves stocked and food on  our tables, and we need to do our part in providing the resources  necessary to support them, which is why it is so important for many of  the reasons we talked about earlier today to get on this legislation  and get it moving.   The national economy is melting down, and, of course, as I said, in  the economy out in farm country, it was happening well before the  national economy. But if we don't do something to stop the bleeding and  do it soon, there is going to be a whole world of hurt. Let's get this  bill across the finish line. We need help from our Democratic  colleagues to do that.   