 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 7237 and  H.R. 7027.   As a father of three, I understand how important it is that our  children are cared for in a nurturing, loving environment. For many  working parents, that means utilizing quality, affordable daycare for  all or part of the week. My wife and I utilized daycare for our  children when they were younger. It provided a beneficial, educational  experience for them.   Republicans in the House know that when it comes to childcare, we  have to get this right and we have to do it together. In that spirit,  we have been working with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle  during the past 5 years to pass meaningful legislation, like doubling  the Childcare and Development Block Grant funding, and including  support for childcare providers in the CARES Act.   Yet, now, when our country needs us to put politics aside and focus  on the actual needs of families, we are debating partisan bills that do  not go through regular order, had no input from Republicans, put future  taxpayers on the line for billions of dollars without addressing the  childcare needs of today and have no safeguards to prevent wealthy  Americans from hiring maids and butlers instead of helping everyday  families.   Madam Speaker, that is right. My colleagues on the left are more  interested in throwing money at a problem to score political points  rather than making sure hurting families and childcare facilities  receive needed assistance. But it doesn't have to be that way. Instead  of debating another political messaging bill, we should be working  together on commonsense measures, like the Back to Work Child Care  Grants Act, which provides 9 months financial assistance to providers  to safely open, disburses more funds quickly without administrative red  tape, and requires providers receiving support to follow State and  local safety guidelines.   Democrats and Republicans have common ground here. We want to provide  relief to childcare facilities and families during this healthcare  crisis. Unfortunately, the bills we are debating today don't rise to  the challenge we face. We can and must do better.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject these partisan bills  and pursue bipartisan legislation, like the Back to Work Child Care  Grants Act. Our families deserve it.    Madam Speaker, today I rise to honor the life and legacy  of our colleague, John Lewis.   In my short time in Congress, I have had the privilege of working  with John as members of the Ways and Means Committee. And in that time,  I can tell you John is a true statesman.   Here in Washington, and even inside this Chamber, we see some  individuals with personal agendas who are only interested in  transactional relationships; however, John was a compassionate soul,  dedicated to the cause of equality and justice.   Because of John's experiences with discrimination and hate, he  brought to this body a thoughtful and passionate approach to ensuring  that all Americans can experience the blessings of liberty that are  guaranteed in our Constitution.   He understood the pain of a divided nation, the progress we have made  over the past century, and the challenges we still face. Through it  all, he met anger and violence with peace and love, a demonstration of  his character that I think all of us can learn from.   I used to live in Nashville, Tennessee, and one of John's earliest  acts was seeking peaceful change and organizing sit-ins at Nashville  lunch counters. This is reminiscent to me of a courageous group of  young people in my hometown, Wichita, who also sought equal treatment  at a popular downtown lunch counter. The 1958 Dockum Drug Store sit-in  was part of an early movement in cities across the country that helped  advance desegregation.   I am so thankful that the youth in Wichita, along with men and women  like John Lewis, had the boldness and fortitude to advance necessary  and overdue changes in a racially segregated environment.   While we served on different sides of the aisle, his compassion for  others was evident and his love of country unwavering. My memories of  John will be of his legacy and his service. I am grateful to have  served alongside him during my tenure in Congress, and I am thankful  for his dedication to equality for Americans, the Georgians he  represented, and the United States.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for leading this special hour.   