 Madam President, in voting to acquit President Trump of  an abuse of power and obstruction of Congress, Senate Republicans  sought to justify their vote by claiming that the President had  ``learned his lesson.'' The implication was that the ordeal of  impeachment and its permanent stain on his reputation that can never be  erased would chasten President Trump's future behavior--a toddler  scolded into compliance.   The explanation, frankly, looked like an excuse. It was unconvincing  the moment it was uttered. No serious person believes President Trump  has learned any lesson. He doesn't learn any lessons. He does just what  he wants and what suits his ego at the moment. Observers of the  President would question whether he is even capable of learning a  lesson, and, unsurprisingly, the flimsy rationalization by some Senate  Republicans, desperate to have an excuse because they were so afraid of  doing the right thing, was disproven within a matter of days.   President Trump was acquitted by Senate Republicans last Wednesday.  On Friday, he began dismissing members of his administration who  testified in the impeachment inquiry, including the patriot, LTC  Alexander Vindman and Ambassador Gordon Sondland, a clear and obvious  act of retaliation--very simply, that is all it was--against witnesses  who told the truth under oath.   President Trump hates the truth, time and time again, because he  knows he lies, and when other people tell the truth, he hates it, so he  fired them. The President even fired the brother of Lieutenant Colonel  Vindman for the crime of being related to someone the President wanted  out. How vindictive,  [[Page S1003]]  how petty, how nasty, and yet there are rumors now that the President  might dismiss the inspector general of the intelligence community, the  official who received the whistleblower report. These are patriots all.  President Trump can't stand patriots because they stand for country,  not for what he wants.   Yesterday, once again and typically, the White House reportedly  decided to withdraw the nomination of Elaine McCusker, who was in line  to serve as the Pentagon Comptroller and Chief Financial Officer. Why  did he dismiss her--a longtime serving, very capable woman? Because  over the summer, Ms. McCusker advised--merely advised--members of the  administration about the legal ramifications of denying assistance to  Ukraine. Her crime, in the eyes of President Trump and his so many  acolytes--henchmen--in the administration, was attempting to follow the  law. How dare she try to follow the law. How dare she even voice this  is what the law is in this kind of administration.   Of course, yesterday, after career prosecutors recommended that Roger  Stone be sentenced to 7 to 9 years in Federal prison for witness  tampering and lying abjectly to Congress, the President tweeted that  his former confidant was being treated extremely unfair. It appears the  Attorney General of the United States and other political appointees of  the Justice Department intervened to countermand the sentencing  recommendation. As a result, in an unprecedented but brave, courageous,  and patriotic move, four career prosecutors working on the Roger Stone  case--all four of them--withdrew from the case or resigned from the  Justice Department.   When asked about the clear impropriety of intervening in a Federal  case, the President said he has an ``absolute right'' to order the  Justice Department to do whatever he wants. This morning, the President  congratulated the Attorney General, amazingly enough, for taking charge  of the case.   The President ran against the swamp in Washington, a place where the  game is rigged by the powerful to benefit them personally. I ask my  fellow Americans: What is more swampy, what is more fetid, and what is  more stinking than the most powerful person in the country literally  changing the rules to benefit a crony guilty of breaking the law?   As a result, I have formally requested that the inspector general of  the Justice Department investigate this matter immediately. This  morning, I call on Judiciary Committee Chairman Graham to convene an  emergency hearing of the Judiciary Committee to do the same--to conduct  oversight and hold hearings. That is the job of the Judiciary  Committee, no matter who is President and whether the President is from  your party or not. Something egregious like this demands that the  inspector general investigate and demands that the chairman of the  Judiciary Committee hold a hearing now.   The President is claiming that rigging the rules is perfectly  legitimate. He claims an absolute right to order the Justice Department  to do anything he wants. The President has, as his Attorney General, an  enabler--and that is a kind word--who actually supports this view. Does  anyone think it is out of the question that President Trump might order  the FBI to investigate Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden, or anyone else  without any evidence to support such an arbitrary violation of  individual rights? Oh, I know, some far-right conspiratorial writer,  who has no credibility, who just makes things up, writes it, FOX News  puts it on, Sean Hannity or someone talks about it, and then the  President says ``investigate.'' That is third-world behavior, not  American behavior. That kind of behavior defiles that great flag that  is standing above us. This is not ordinary stuff. I have never seen it  before with any President--Democratic, Republican, liberal or  conservative.   Does any serious person believe the President's abuse would be  limited to the Justice Department? Does any serious person think that  Trump might not order the Justice Department to treat his friends,  associates, and family members differently than it treats ordinary  citizens and that Attorney General Barr would just carry out these  orders?   Of course, none of this is out of the question. The President  asserted his absolute right to do whatever he wants yesterday. We are  witnessing a crisis in the rule of law in America, unlike one we have  ever seen before. It is a crisis of President Trump's making, but it  was enabled and emboldened by every Senate Republican who was too  afraid to stand up to him and say the simple word ``no'' when the vast  majority of them knew that was the right thing to do.   Republicans thought the President would learn his lesson. It turned  out that the lesson he learned was not that he went too far and not  that he needed to rein it in. The lesson the President learned was that  the Republican Party will not hold him accountable, no matter how  egregious his behavior--not now, not ever.   Senate Republicans voted to excuse President Trump's abuses of power.  They voted to abdicate the constitutional authority of Congress to  check on an overreaching Executive. Senate Republicans now own this  crisis, and they are responsible for every new abuse of power President  Trump commits. John Adams famously described our grand Republic that he  helped create as a government of laws, not of men. Our Founding  Fathers' foremost concern, of course, was to escape the tyranny of a  government of men--more specifically, a King. That is why the Founders  created a republic in America. That is why the patriots died for the  freedom we are now blessed with.   Yet, after almost 2\1/2\ centuries of experience in self-government  as a republic, we are, once again, faced with a very serious and  looming question: Do we want a government of laws or of men? Do we want  to be governed by the laws of the United States or by the whims of one  man?   I don't think my Republican colleagues fully appreciated what they  were unleashing when they voted in the impeachment trial to excuse the  President's conduct--although, maybe they did. They were just afraid,  fearful, shaking in their boots because Trump might take vengeance out  on them as he did on Senators Flake and Corker. They voted to acquit  the President after he used his immense power to pressure a foreign  leader to announce an investigation to smear a rival.   What we have seen in the hours and days since that fateful acquittal  vote last Wednesday is so disturbing. In a parade of horribles, this is  one of the most horrible things President Trump has done. In a parade  of horribles, this is one of the most feeble and servile actions of  Republicans, just no one saying a peep about it. We are seeing the  behavior of a man who has contempt for the rule of law beginning to try  out the new unrestrained power conferred on him by 52, 53--well, 52  Republican Senators, 1 brave one.   Left to his own devices, President Trump would turn America into a  banana republic with a dictator who can do whatever he wants, and the  Justice Department is the President's personal law firm, not a defender  of the rule of law. It is a sad day in America--a sad day.   The Founding Fathers created something brand new, a republic, because  they were afraid of monarchy. The Senate Republicans aided and abetted  President Trump to get much closer to that monarchy than we have been  in a long time. Senate Republicans have created something very close to  a monarchy, if they can keep it.   