 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week we are considering the bipartisan  Great American Outdoors Act. I think it is fair to say that this is one  of the most important packages of conservation legislation that we have  seen in a long time. It might be fair to say that it is the most  important piece of legislation since President Theodore Roosevelt  dramatically made additions to the National Park System just a little  more than 100 years ago.   The bill essentially combines two important provisions--the Restore  Our Parks Act and the Land and Water Conservation full funding act. I  am a cosponsor of both of those. We have been trying to do the things  that those two bills both do for a long time, and here we are.   During World War II--we are just within a few days of D-day-- President Eisenhower--at that time General Eisenhower--had a view that  sometimes if a problem is too big to solve or seems to be too hard to  solve, you solve it by making it bigger.   Interestingly, what we have done here with two things that we have  been trying to do for a long time--to have full access to the reason  the Land and Water Conservation Act was created and to do a better job  maintaining our parks--that has all been combined into the Great  American Outdoors Act.   The first thing this act does is, frankly, make a significant  investment for the deferred maintenance we have on all kinds of Federal  land. It is one of our challenges as a government generally. It has  been specifically one of our challenges as it relates to the National  Park System, to the Forest Service, to the Fish and Wildlife Service,  to the Bureau of Land Management--every one of those has deferred  maintenance issues that have been there for a long time. In fact, some  of them have been there for decades.   I mentioned earlier that the Park System as we now know it is a  little more than 100 years old. Some of these maintenance issues are  decades old, maybe 50 years old. Maybe half of the life of the entire  Park Service we have had these issues on a list of something that needs  to be done.   In Yellowstone, the high bridge that thousands of cars go over every  summer--that bridge needs to be repaired. The water maintenance systems  in our parks where particularly they have overnight accommodations and  other things--many of those systems are almost as old as the parks  themselves. There are buildings we have in all those locations where  the access is no longer appropriate and hasn't been for a long time.  Sometimes that meant you just closed the visitor center. You closed  that part of the park that people previously had a way to get into and  see a display, look at an exhibit, but because of disability issues  that should have been fixed long ago, they haven't been able to.   We have been saying--I have been saying certainly for several years  now that the second century of the Park System needs to be different  from the first century of the Park System.   We need more private-public relationships. We saw a great example of  that at the renewal of the arch and the museum and the area in St.  Louis that just had a significant effort made, almost all by either  local or private funds--very few Federal dollars there. But if you are  going to have a private-public partnership, the public needs to do its  part, and we are talking today about how the public would do its part  in maintaining the parks, expanding the parks, building a new facility,  repairing a facility, changing access to a facility.   But a lot of this deferred maintenance will not be all that obvious.  It is just something that has to be done. And because it is not all  that obvious--the bridge hasn't collapsed yet, and the water system  still appears to be producing water that people can use, so let's worry  about that at some future time. Well, the future time is here.  [[Page S2857]]    This act will work to help improve the visitor experience at the  park--certainty at the units in my State and, Mr. President, your  State. I have been to a number of the facilities in Georgia that will  be impacted by this.   In Missouri, there is the westward expansion that is celebrated at  the arch, and we just made a significant investment in that facility.  The Truman home in Independence will be a National Park Service  facility. The first park in America dedicated to an African American, a  national park, the George Washington Carver park at Diamond, would be a  place that would potentially benefit from this. The new park that we  have established in Ste. Genevieve, MO, that has more of the original  French architecture left--vertical log architecture and big porches  that would have looked like a farmhouse in Normandy with a Caribbean  porch put on it--numbers of those are going to create one of the best  walking historic parks in America. That park would benefit.   So the Federal Park System benefits, but this legislation also  includes permanent annual funding for the Land and Water Conservation  Fund.   When you think of the title of the fund, why would you have to do  permanent funding to be sure that the Land and Water Conservation Fund  got spent on land and water? It doesn't seem to be a genius move to do  what we are doing here. What we are doing here with this fund is taking  about $900 million a year that has been going in many cases for other  purposes and saying: No. We collect the fund for this purpose. Let's  use it for this purpose. It is not like we ran out of things to do with  the money, and so we decided to put it somewhere else. But this does  what the fund is supposed to do with the fund.    In our State, again, in Missouri, over the past 50 years we spent  about $150 million out of that fund. The fund is being used to protect  historically significant sites like the Mark Twain National Forest, the  Ozark National Scenic River, and the Big Muddy National Fish and  Wildlife Refuge. They have all been beneficiaries of that fund to some  extent. The Wilson's Creek National Battlefield has been a beneficiary  of that fund. The fund was created for the purpose that this  legislation will ensure it largely serves.   We know that we have to build important relationships between local  communities, between the Park Service, and between the American public  to ensure that these sites are managed in the right way, that they are  preserved for the future, and that they are safe to use for the  millions of Americans who are going to use them this summer and next  summer and the summer after that, and this winter and next winter and  the winter after that.   In addition to the preservation and conservation efforts, the bill  will help, frankly, bolster Missouri's outdoor recreation industry, and  it is significant. The Outdoor Recreation Industry Association says  that we generate about $14 billion--almost $15 billion--in our State in  consumer spending, and about 133,000 jobs are created in Missouri  because of outdoor recreation. About 5 million American jobs are  created and around $800 billion of economic activity are created  because of the ability to use these and other outdoor resources.   This is obviously not a normal year. So anything we can do to  encourage people to use these facilities in a better way is important,  as is anything we can do, as we look to the future, to maintain them  and hand them over. And we have a chance here on all of these areas,  whether it is the bureau of public lands or the national forests or the  national parks, we have a chance to hand them to the next generation in  better shape than we got them. We have a chance to look at projects  that have been on the ``we need to do this'' list for 40 and 50 years  and do what is needed to be done for 40 or 50 years.   I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill. I am proud of  the leadership, particularly of Senator Gardner and Senator Daines, on  our side on this effort, and the best bipartisan support that this bill  will have. I look forward to voting for it. I urge my colleagues to  vote for it, and, even more importantly, I look forward to seeing this  bill have the impact that it absolutely will have and has to have on  the important resources that we need to make the right kind of  investment in.   I yield the floor.   