 Mr. President, if my colleague will yield.   As Senator Casey leaves, I thought his point about longest night and  every day that follows will be brighter, and some of the provisions  that Senator Barrasso and I, along with John Neely Kennedy, have  included in the Nation's major budget piece of legislation ensure that  it will be brighter.   One of the pieces of legislation, as Senator Barrasso knows, deals  with the phasedown of HFCs, hydrofluorocarbons. They are 1,000 times  worse for climate change than carbon dioxide. Under the legislation  that we have offered, it will phase down their utilization over the  next 15 years by 85 percent. What is that worth? It is worth a half a  degree Celsius--just this one thing, just this one provision.   A lot of people on this planet think the biggest challenge that we  face on this planet right now, an existential threat, is the fact that  our planet is getting warmer and that we need to do something about it.  In this legislation, we do take a big bite out of it.   And my hope is what it will be is that it will serve as a source of  encouragement for other Democrats and Republicans, maybe an Independent  or two, to take other steps as we come back into the new year with the  new administration and make further progress.   One of the great things that I love about our HFC legislation-- thanks, colleague.   One of the great things, Mr. Chairman, that I love about our HFC  legislation is that it shows that you can do good things for our planet  and create jobs. That is what I said: do good things for our planet in  the battle against climate change and create jobs. How many jobs? Tens  of thousands of jobs--in this country, in this country; billions of  dollars' worth of economic growth--in this country--and at the same  time doing good things with respect to climate change.   Interestingly, it is not every day you find legislation supported by  the National Association of Manufacturers, the U.S. Chamber of  Commerce, most major environmental groups, and cosponsored by, gosh,  two-thirds of the Senate--Democrats and Republicans alike.  [[Page S7916]]    In that case, we have done it. We threaded the needle. I just want to  thank the chairman for his leadership and for his patience and the  staff in working with us. And our thanks to Rich Russell, your staff  leader on the majority side; Mary Frances Repko, the staff leader on  our side; and everybody who worked with her.   But more than a decade ago, I remember standing next to my colleague  John Barrasso--I remember standing right over close to where he is  standing tonight, and a guy named George Voinovich came up to me--from  Ohio. He and I had been Governors together for a number of years. Love  the guy.   He said: I am looking for a Democratic cosponsor for a bill. He said:  Do you want to think about it? I said: Well, what is it? He said: It is  a proposal that fosters collaboration between businesses, folks who  have buses with diesel engines, trains with diesel engines, boats with  diesel engines, trucks with diesel engines; and it uses some Federal  money, some government money, in order to use technology that is  available to reduce the emissions from those diesel engines by more  than 80 percent.   I said: Tell me more. And he told me more, and about a day or two  later we signed on and introduced the legislation. He was kind enough  to let me be his Democratic lead.   One month later, it was enacted. I have been here 20 years; I have  never seen legislation with that kind of effect go through just like  that. It was pretty amazing. Every so often, we reauthorize it; we  increase the authorization. We have done it again with respect to  reauthorizing the Diesel Emission Reduction Act.   One of the things I love about it is that it gets a lot of different  stakeholders involved, and for a limited amount of Federal dollars, we  can have a multiplier effect that can be, for every Federal dollar, $5,  $6, $7, $8 that have come in from the private sector. That is the way  we ought to do it.   The last one is USE IT. Not many people think Delaware is a farm  State, but we raise a ton of chickens. I think for every person in my  State, there are like 300 chickens or more. Those chickens eat corn and  soybeans. We raise corn and soybeans. Our farmers have land that is  close to the beach. We have five-star beaches in Delaware: Rehoboth,  Bethany, Dewey, and others. There is always pressure for development  and encroachment on our farms, and developers are trying to buy out the  farmers and pave paradise and put up a parking lot. What we have  figured out how to do is--and it is not just--we haven't figured out  through this legislation, the so-called USE IT Act, but what we do is-- the idea is to take carbon out of the air and to use it for a better  purpose.   One of those better purposes is to replenish the soil in my State, in  Wyoming, in Montana, and other places so that our farmers will be less  inclined to leave the land. They will stay on the land. They will be  able to make money, support themselves and their families. It creates a  virtuous cycle. That is a wonderful thing.   I don't think we are going to be joined here yet--I called him just  to give him a heads-up, but I don't think he is able to get here that  quickly, but John Neely Kennedy from Louisiana was a big part of the  work we did on HFCs. I just want to say, in his absence, a real big  thank-you to him. I want to thank--gosh, I think 70-plus Senators-- Democrats and Republicans alike--who cosponsored our HFC bill. I want  to thank our leadership, especially on our side but on both sides, for  pushing to make sure these three bills would be included in the final  compromise.   In addition to all the other things that were accomplished--and  Senator Casey and others talked about that--we have actually done some  good things for our planet. Senator Barrasso is going to move over and  be the senior Republican on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee  come January. I will remain on Environment and Public Works, be the  senior Democrat. I want to say that this has been a wonderful  partnership, just a wonderful partnership--fun, funny, serious when we  had to be, collegial, and really focused on getting things done for  Wyoming, for Delaware, for the other 48 States as well.   So you are not going to be too far, and I will still be around. We  will have a chance to work on other things. It has been a real joy to  work with you on these three items, and hopefully in the future we will  have many, many more.   