 Madam President, I am always pleased to be on the floor  with my good friend from Oklahoma, Mr. Lankford, but I am particularly  glad I was able to be here today. Early, in his remarks, he was talking  about a family, remembering that family in prayer, and then very  thoughtfully going around the world of where people are, at this  minute, who defend us. It is a good thing for us to think about; it is  a good thing for us to keep in mind; and it is good that when we say we  are remembering people in our prayers, to be sure they really  understand that we are. I am glad to be with my neighbor here today and  also with Senator Hoeven on the floor.   This will be the 60th time in a row, if we do our job, that we pass  the National Defense Authorization Act. I don't think there is any  other bill--in fact, I am sure there is no other bill--we pass every  year. When we pass this bill every year, we reestablish, every year,  that defense is our No. 1 priority. Defending the country is the one  thing that almost everybody admits they can't do for themselves. The  States don't think they could do this without us.   This is a national responsibility, and the threats we see today are  complex. They are more pronounced than any our Nation has ever faced.  Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Dunford, recently  said that our military has to be ready to fight across regions, to  fight across domains, and across functions. This bill moves forward in  all of those areas, being sure that we are interoperable where we need  to be; that we are quickly mobile where we need to be; and that our  armed services work as well together as we could possibly hope they  could work together.   The President has launched policies and programs to ensure the safety  and the well-being of Americans. Certainly, the people who defend us  who serve in the military are doing their part to protect our Nation.  Now it is time for the Congress to do its part, led by the Senate and  led by Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed bringing this bill to  the floor. It is not a small bill, and it is not a bill that gets done  just without a lot of work and a lot of compromise and a lot of  determination as to what is really doable at this time, but this is the  bill we are voting on.   Since we do it every year, a lot of it is not absolutely new, but all  of it is, in my view, as updated as the committee could bring it to the  floor, and we are going to have a discussion of what needs to change,  even being that this year the Senate's version of the bill provides  $740 billion to support the Department of Defense.   We see this at a critical time when our adversaries, including China  and Russia, seek to undermine our influence around the world. Russia  was just accused of putting a bounty on the head of not only American  service people but our allies in some parts of the world. If that is  true, a price should be paid for that. We are going to be working hard  in the next days to determine how deep that intelligence goes and how  true that allegation is, but whether it is true or not, it should be no  surprise that the Russians are constantly focused on things that  diminish the impact of the United States of America, and the Chinese  are more and more focused on that at the same time.   This bill authorizes $1.4 billion to establish a Pacific Deterrence  Initiative that will help secure our interests in the Pacific and our  friends in the Pacific. The bill supports military readiness and  modernization priorities. It has more than $21 billion for shipbuilding  and investing in technology like hypersonic weapons, artificial  intelligence, machine learning, and things we have to have to keep the  current advantages we have.   It recognizes the family. There is $4 million in this bill to help  military spouses transfer their professional license between  assignments and between States when servicemembers are reassigned. I am  pleased to say that the Missouri General Assembly has been a leader in  that effort. When you move to our State as a spouse of someone in the  military, your credentials should be, and I think now are, able to be  moved with you.   This bill increases funding for Impact Aid by $70 million, and $20  million of that is for children with severe disabilities. The other $50  million is just for trying to make up for what would have been a  taxpaying unit, if that unit hadn't been there. I think Impact Aid  matters. This bill, once again, says it matters, and we are increasing  it.   These programs are critical. They are important. We need to ensure  that the military construction projects that will be funded later by  the appropriations process are authorized here. There is $40 million  for the new hospital that ground was broken on at Fort Leonard Wood  just last week. There is $60 million for the new National Geospatial- Intelligence facility in St. Louis, a $1.3 billion or so project that  is well on its way now. This authorizes the next moving forward of that  project.   Investments in military weapons that are made in Missouri and things  that help our military that are made in Missouri, such as the  development of the B-21 Raider that will be based at Whiteman, or the  modernization of the C-130H aircraft where Rosecrans, in Saint Joseph,  is the world training center for our NATO allies to come and understand  lift and moving things around and how those C-130s work.   This bill authorizes $1.8 billion to buy 24 F-18 aircraft that are  built in Missouri and $1.3 billion to buy F-15s. They are built in  Missouri, made with a great Missouri-Illinois workforce, and I know  Senator Durbin and I will work together again on Defense approps to be  sure that this authorization is fully filled. These aircraft are  essential and need to be part of our continuing defense base.   Senator Hawley and I proposed an amendment in the bill that would  make Silver Star Service Banner Day an annual recognition on May 1.  This is to be sure we honor the sacrifices of wounded and ill members  of the Air Force. I urge my colleagues to recognize the addition of  Silver Star Banner Day in this bill.   There are a lot of bipartisan priorities in this bill. This will have  a bipartisan vote when it leaves the Senate. It is a bill worthy of  support, and I look forward to our efforts to get this done for the  60th Senate in a row.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I could make  this really simple by just saying: Look at everything I said last week  about this same bill, but I know that Senator Klobuchar is here in good  faith trying to be sure we call attention to this issue.   She and I are working together on the Joint Committee for the  Presidential Inauguration that we formed just today. Six people were  appointed to that bipartisan committee. I was pleased to have her  nomination to be the chairman of that event again. We find ways to work  together.   I think on this bill, there is really nothing simple about this bill.  It is not a bill that just allows the other three States somehow to  meet the standard that all but three States have now moved toward--not  exactly as this bill would have them, but, as my friend just pointed  out, 13 of the 16 States have changed their provisions, some just for  this election. Some will look at it, and they will decide whether they  did it exactly right or they need to further modify it. Others will  make that maybe a permanent part of their process.   I am of the view that this is one of the things States and local  governments really do well.   We will have a hearing next month--Senator Klobuchar and I have  worked together to talk about what that hearing will look like--where I  hope we will have at least one local election official, some State  election officials, and some people concerned about the civil rights  aspects of voting. That hearing will also get into the challenges that  States face and particularly the challenges that States and communities  face if they try to change too much too quickly.   I think both Senator Klobuchar and I were pleased to see Georgia, for  instance, change their voting system to where they have a voting  system--they were one of the handful of States that still had a voting  system left that didn't have an audit trail--didn't have a paper audit  trail. Well, they changed the system, but they changed it, and I don't  know that they had many options. They had gotten behind on this issue,  in my view. They changed it on primary election day. It was probably  too big an election to try an entirely new system you are not used to,  just like some of the changes in this bill. While I might not be for  them, I can certainly argue, even if I were for them, this is not  something you want to try to change at this moment. Legislators have  met; States have acted; and 13 of the 16 have changed their laws to  accommodate the moment we are in. The three that haven't will have to  be answerable for their decision not to do that.    Not only are we going have a hearing to talk about this, Senator  Klobuchar and I have talked about funding on these issues for some  time. As she pointed out, we put in over $800 million and made it  available to the States. I will also point out that a lot of that money  is still not spent. But I am prepared not only to look at more money  for the States to use as they see fit for elections this year but also  to even consider whatever kind of matching requirement we have to see  if that matching requirement is reasonable.   We continue to work toward an election that produces a result that  people have confidence in and is done in a way that everybody that  wants to vote gets to vote. I continue to feel strongly, and let me,  once again, quote President Obama that the diversity of our system is  really one of the strengths of the system.   For months, Democrats had legislation very similar to this to  federalize the election system because we needed more ballot security.  Now we have elections, but the new reason is, well, we have a pandemic.  But the goal appears to be always the same--to federalize the election  process.   That would have meant that in Nashville, when they had a tornado,  hours before the polls were to open on Super Tuesday, the local  officials wouldn't have had nearly the flexibility they had to  immediately change polling locations, put out the notice they thought  was appropriate, and extend voting hours. Nobody in Washington, DC, had  to give permission for commonsense decisions that apparently everybody  in Tennessee thought were the best things to do.   So, with great appreciation for my friend's dedication to this issue,  with certainly a willingness to be sure that money is not an obstacle  in States being able to have successful elections this year in areas  where we can help--now, we are going to look at what we can do to help  financially within the matrix of the elections that a State and local  communities in that State have determined should be their election  structure. In most cases, it is an election structure that has served  them well in the past, that people fully understand, but, still, the  need to accommodate the health needs of people who normally were  election workers or people who have a great record of being voters or  people who are voting for the first time will be part of what we need  to discuss. We can do that without a Federal takeover of the election  system. With that, I object.   