 Mr. Chair, today I will be opposing H.R. 2474, the PRO  Act. Unfortunately, my Democrat colleagues are bringing legislation to  the floor that will continue finding ways to pick winners and losers  between special interests and businesses in America. Additionally, the  legislation puts the heavy hand of government in between the contracts  between workers, unions and their employers.   There are ways that we can build up working families in America,  protect workers in their workplaces, and advance the growing gig  economy in America, but this bill does none of that. Therefore, I  cannot support this legislation.   But I want to be clear, I support America's workers.  [[Page H895]]    Yesterday, as Chairman of the Western Caucus I hosted a job forum  focusing on the creation of hundreds of union jobs in Northern  Minnesota. Union jobs that are strongly opposed by Democrat members  from St. Paul. If you want to fight for more union jobs then join us in  supporting the development of the Twin Metals mine and the hundreds of  Project Labor Agreement Jobs that will be filled as a result of what  could be the largest project in the history of Minnesota.   I support the development of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline which will  bring 2,000 to 4,000 union construction jobs to West Virginia, Virginia  and North Carolina but is strongly opposed by Democrat representatives  and governors up and down the path.   I support the construction of the Appalachia Petrochemical Complex; a  $6 billion ethylene cracking plant being built in Pennsylvania with  union workers. A project made possible only by the development and  advancements of hydraulic fracturing technology and the natural gas  boom made possible by that technology. A technology that Sen. Bernie  Sanders, Sen. Elizabeth Warren and a parade of other Democrat  presidential candidates want to ban the minute they gain power.   I support the modernization of the ESA and NEPA because we need to  get America back to building large projects in a timely fashion. Right  now, in America, billions of dollars of investment is held up in long  permitting times from Offshore wind in the Atlantic, to mines in  Arizona, to pipelines in New York, Nebraska and Pennsylvania.   If we want to support American workers, we need to free our people to  invest in American jobs and infrastructure. For too long my colleagues  have attempted to promote heavy handed government intervention, like  this legislation, rather than freeing Americans to build pipelines,  mines, create jobs and build economic opportunity. Rather than siding  with radical environmentalists for who no mine anywhere is acceptable  or climate change activists who insist that not a single mile of new  pipe be built. I am choosing to side with America's workers, union and  private.   