 Mr. Speaker, a well-crafted infrastructure bill could  put millions of Americans back to work and reinvigorate the American  economy. Unfortunately, today, we are not here to debate a well-crafted  infrastructure bill.   This is a radical departure from MAP-21 and the FAST Act, both in  terms of content and process. This bill ignores the economic realities  of COVID-19, embraces environmental radicalism, and weaves Green New  Deal mandates throughout its core programs. In fact, approximately 40  percent of this bill's allocation will be spent on Green New Deal  programs.   When the GOP controlled the majority, we consulted the minority on  both MAP-21 and the FAST Act. We, in this effort, were ignored in the  name of climate, despite the Senate having a bipartisan climate title  in their bill.   To quantify how starkly partisan this bill is, the FAST Act had 115  amendments; this bill, 388. While we know this bill stands no chance of  being enacted, the rail title will be disastrous if it was.   Despite spending $60 billion over 5 years on rail--none of which is  paid for, by the way--no one in the rail industry supports any  provisions in this rail title. At a time when demand for all modes of  public transportation is in doubt, this bill increases funding to  Amtrak. It spends 13 times what FAST Act allocated to the Northeast  Corridor. It spends 160 times what FAST Act allocated to Amtrak's  national network. This bill guts programs to help our regional and  short-line railways to give more money to--you guessed it--Amtrak.   Mr. Speaker, our intermodal freight system saved this country from  the worst of COVID-19, and this bill aims to drive that system to the  ground in the name of environmental extremism.   This is the first surface reauthorization I will be voting against,  and that is a sad decision I have to make with a heavy heart.   I am glad that some of my bipartisan Buy American amendments made it  into this bill in markup, and that offers a glimpse of what could have  been if the majority had come to us and we had worked together to  create a serious bill.   