 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor because I have been  listening for the better part of well over an hour as my colleagues  talk about the vote we had a little earlier and why it didn't pass and  why, from their perspective, it should have.   Let me start off by saying that there is a sense of urgency, but  there is also a sense of getting it right and getting our priorities  right. The wealth of the Nation will improve only when the health of  the Nation improves. This package, as presently designed, falls far  short of what is necessary to make the health of the Nation whole. We  need a surge at the end of the day to ensure that, in fact, we can have  the frontlines--the hospitals, the medical workers, nurses, all of  those--be able to achieve the most fundamental goal, which is to make  the American people safe from this virus. This, in the first and  foremost instance, is a fight against COVID-19. It is first and  foremost because if we do not get the health of the Nation right, we  will not get the wealth of the Nation right, no matter how much money  we spend.   There is a lot of talk here about markets. I have heard for the  better half of the last hour-plus about markets. The markets are  important; I don't underestimate that. Yet what is really important is  the health of the American people because when they are healthy, we  will prosper, but when they are not, we will not prosper. When we meet  the challenge of the pandemic, we will prosper. When we don't meet the  challenge of the pandemic, we will not prosper. It is very simple.   First and foremost, this is about having a robust figure for the  hospitals and health frontline workers. This package, as it presently  is devised, fails to do so.   Secondly, this is about making sure that not just big corporations  get the moneys they need, but that average working families and  individuals get the robust assistance they need to get through this  period of time. When you have a $425 billion--billion--fund that has  total discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury with no guardrails,  no guarantees for workers, no guarantees that, despite how much money  we spend and give to large corporate entities, they will not guarantee  the well-being of workers, then something is wrong.   I have been through September 11, and I have been through Superstorm  Sandy in New Jersey and the Northeast, and I have never seen anything  like this. I also remember the errors we made after the great recession  on the TARP and other related programs. In our desire to overwhelmingly  respond--we still have that desire today--there were great mistakes  made.   How many times are we going to get a shot at a trillion-dollar-plus  program? We need to not only have a sense of urgency, but we need to  get it right in order to affect the well-being of the American people  in their health, in their economic well-being, and in the future  economic well-being of the Nation. This rush, in a way that doesn't get  it right, is dangerous because I don't know how many trillion-plus  packages we are going to have.   When I look at the language in this present legislation, my God, it  is shameful. It is shameful that, in the midst of a pandemic, the  ideological views are seeking to be incorporated in a way that has  nothing to do with dealing with COVID-19--nothing. The denial of  certain health groups to be able to access funding at a critical time  in our country has nothing to do with COVID-19.   This bill has a $425 billion slush fund with which, basically, the  Secretary of the Treasury can say: I like you; you get this. I don't  like you; you get nothing.   There is no transparency--no way for the Congress to know. Six months  after you give a loan is when we might finally find out. That is  unacceptable. We have to know, when we are making these investments,  that they protect workers and that we are not going to have all this  money, in part, be used for stock buybacks; that we are not going to  see corporate executives have big increases in their salaries and  benefits. That is not what the American people's taxpayer money is for.  That is why there were votes against proceeding--because we have to get  it right.   We have to get it right. How is it that there are no provisions in  the present bill for foreclosures or evictions? People are going to  face unprecedented consequences, not because of their own making, not  of moral hazard. They are fired; they are left without any money. Are  we going to evict them from their homes? Does that serve the public  health in the midst of a pandemic? No. There are no consequences for  that.   How is it that we have no parameters for how the Treasury would  structure loans? How is it that we have no worker protections to ensure  that the very  [[Page S1911]]  essence of why we want companies to be able to sustain themselves--and  we do, small, medium, and big--we want them to sustain themselves, but  we want them to sustain themselves for what? To be able to keep workers  employed and to be able to keep the economy going, not to improve  simply the bottom line.   Why is it that we can't have solid stock buyback language, which  could be waived under the present legislation by Treasury? Why is it  that, when we do talk in this limited way in the bill that is existing,  that we are debating, that we voted not to proceed on, it says worker  protections to the extent possible or practicable, I should say--to the  extent practicable? That can mean anything. That is not a protection.   Why do we have no loan transparency? We are talking about giving  average Americans a morsel when we are spending billions of dollars  with no transparency whatsoever, with no guardrails, with no  conditions. That is simply wrong. This is a bill without warrants that  can ensure that the government--the government meaning the U.S.  taxpayer--will recover its money. These are simply not ways that we  can--why is there no student loan forgiveness, not a delay but  forgiveness? Why is there no direct grant assistance to small  businesses? It is great to get a loan if you are making money, but if  you are not making money, a loan doesn't do anything for you because  you can't pay it back because there is no revenue coming in.   The small businesses are really the backbone of the Nation. They are  the backbone that ultimately employs Americans, and we say: We are  going to give you a loan.   That is great, but I have no income coming in. I am shut down. How is  it that a loan is going to ultimately be able to help me survive so  that I can have Americans return back to a job? I need some direct  grant assistance.   Who is on the frontline? I learned on September 11--when I was in the  other body in the House of Representatives--that it wasn't the Federal  Government that responded on that fateful day. It was the States; it  was the local municipalities. We lost 700 citizens in New Jersey on  September 11. We triaged people from downtown Manhattan into New Jersey  hospitals. It wasn't the Federal Government that responded; it was the  States and local municipalities.   How is it that you cannot be forceful in giving a significant amount  of money to States and local municipalities that are at the frontline  of COVID-19? The Federal Government isn't there. The States are burning  up enormous amounts of money from their State treasuries to do what is  right by their citizens, but we are not giving them any money. There is  virtually nothing in this bill for that. The National Governors  Association--Republican and Democratic Governors--say they need at  least $150 to $200 billion. They get a pittance in this bill. How are  they, as the frontline defense, going to continue to meet this  challenge? They will go bankrupt.   How is it that there is no SNAP increase for the most vulnerable in  our society? We have never seen a downturn in our economy in which we  have not considered SNAP as a critical element of being able to feed  people. So that is why I voted no. That is why I voted no.    I am all for helping businesses have the capability of ultimately  surviving. I want them to survive because I want their workers to be  able to survive as well. Above all, I want the American people to get  healthy, and I can't get them healthy unless we have a Marshall Plan  for our hospitals and providers at the frontlines. I can't solve a  problem if I don't have the States and municipalities able to achieve  what they critically need as the Federal Government waits. We can't  have the health of the Nation unless we have a surge on testing  protective equipment for our first line of defense and then,  ultimately, unless those who face the greatest risk under this virus  have a shot at surviving life or death with ventilators. This bill  falls short in all of those regards.   None of us want to vote no to proceed, but we can't proceed to  something that is a false hope to the American people. We have to do  what is right. What is right is to protect the health of the American  people--be able to beat COVID-19--and be able to stand up individuals,  families, workers, and companies that will honor their obligation to  workers as part of the Federal response to them and that will help the  States and municipalities in their frontline challenges. That is why we  could not vote to proceed.   That is why there exists a precious moment. Every other bill started  off with both Houses and the leadership of both Houses negotiating the  bills. The first two iterations had bipartisan support because they  were done that way. This one was done whereby the Republican majority  in the Senate decided, We are going to decide what we want to see. Then  we will offer it to you, and maybe we will change some things or not.   In the midst of a pandemic, that is not the way to, ultimately, work.  We lost nearly a week. Instead of making the bipartisan efforts that we  could have made nearly a week ago, we are pressed and have created this  drama that, if it is not done right now, there will be a consequence.  That is unacceptable. We have to get this right. We are not going to  get multiple shots at trillion-dollar programs. We have to get this  right. Ultimately, we have to have the effect of helping the American  people survive the critical challenges before them.   That is what is before the Senate now. I hope that the minds will  prevail here to work toward a bipartisan agreement that will bring all  of these elements together. Yes, no side has a better view of how we  achieve this, but both sides have critical views that are necessary.  From our perspective, this is about beating COVID-19 first. It is a  surge for our hospitals and frontline healthcare workers. It is a surge  for workers and for protecting individuals and families. It is a surge  for small businesses and the opportunity to make sure they survive so  that, at the end of the day, people can go back to work. That is what  this is all about, and it is why I felt compelled to come to the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   