 Madam Speaker, I thank, of course, the chairman  of this committee and my wonderful colleague from Michigan for her  friendship and her extraordinary leadership.   I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3659,  otherwise known as Danny's Law.  [[Page H4451]]    This bill will establish a roundtable of experts and stakeholders to  study and report on the problem of bullying in our schools.   This isn't a new problem, but it is one that is increasingly more  prevalent and increasingly more complex. Kids today don't just face  bullying at school. They bring it home with them as well, home on their  phones, home on their computers. It is all over social media.   Addressing this problem will require a head-on commitment nationwide  to end bullying, one that involves not just lawmakers as ourselves, but  every single person in this Nation, private sector, public sector,  everyone.   I hope this bill will be a first step toward instilling emotional  literacy in our young people so that they can see the common humanity  amongst each other and grow to be empathetic adults.    I sincerely hope that we can model that behavior as well for them. In  times like this, when our country is growing ever more divided, we need  to be teaching our children not the art of division but how to accept  one another, respect each other, work with each other.   Danny Fitzpatrick was one of those people. He was a boy who loved to  love. He accepted each person as they are and always found in them a  shared humanity.   Society, our society, allowed a beautiful young boy like Danny to be  bullied so horribly that he took his own life at 13 years old.   This should not happen in America. This cannot happen in America, not  to any family. But his mother, Danny's mother, took her pain and she  made it her mission to ensure that no other family experiences this  agony.   We cannot get Danny back. We cannot erase his family's pain.    Madam Speaker, we cannot get Danny back. We  cannot erase his family's pain. But what we can do right here is give  Danny's life meaning and protect all of America's children, our  children, by passing this bill.   Madam Speaker, I once again want to thank the staff, Chairman Scott,  and Ranking Member Foxx for bringing this overdue bill to the floor. I  urge my colleagues, on behalf of America's children, to vote ``yes.''   