 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Horseracing Integrity  and Safety Act.   More than 5 years ago, I, along with my good friend and colleague,  Representative   Andy Barr, introduced the first version of this  legislation. It has been an honor to work with Representative Barr for  many years to get to this point that speaks to an industry that  provides many, many jobs and is a deeply rooted bit of history in these  United States. Now we will move forward with a very good bill.   I offer my sincere thanks to Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member  Walden for their support and to also echo my support and thanks to our  Subcommittee on Consumer Protection and Commerce chair, Jan Schakowsky,  and the ranking member, Representative Rodgers, for their support and  guidance, also, throughout this process.   Now, with the support and leadership of Majority Leader McConnell and  Senator Kirsten Gillibrand in the Senate, we are finally poised to  cross the finish line on this historic reform.   I need to thank Jeff Morgan, our legislative director in my office,  for the numerous, numerous hours that he has spent on making certain  that, as we move to the finish line on this process, details were  addressed and concerns were also equally responded to.   Horseracing, as it has been said, has been long woven into the fabric  of our American culture. Storied names like Secretariat, War Admiral,  and Man o' War, stir the imagination of racing fans not only in this  country but all over the world.   In addition to its cultural import, horseracing serves as an economic  driver in many parts of the country. That certainly is true in my  congressional district, home of the Nation's oldest track, the fabled  Saratoga Race Course.   The horseracing industry generates some $26.1 billion in direct  economic impact nationwide, including $5 billion in my home State of  New York.   In 2015, I had the chance to see, in person, the sport at its very  best when I bore witness to the historic run by American Pharaoh in the  Belmont to capture the Triple Crown.   When we place a majestic equine athlete like American Pharaoh at the  forefront, this endeavor can capture, truly, the imagination of the  Nation, and the sport of horseracing can thrive. However, we have also  seen the devastating results that can occur when these equine athletes  are pushed beyond their limits, often aided by medications that can  mask underlying health issues.   This same story has played out countless times across the country  because the current medication reforms have been implemented unevenly,  leaving patchwork systems in place that have created a wide disparity  in the effectiveness of medication testing and enforcement and  racetrack safety standards. That patchwork system simply doesn't work.   This national approach brings great hope to the integrity of this  great industry. If horseracing is to thrive as an industry and once  again capture the public's imagination, then we must do better. So I  am, indeed, pleased that today, after many years of work, we will take  those first steps on the road to reform.   Our legislation would recognize the horseracing integrity and safety  authority as a private, not-for-profit organization responsible for  developing and implementing a horseracing antidoping and medication  control program and a racetrack safety program. This authority would  partner with the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, USADA, to develop effective  testing protocols, uniform standards and penalties, as well as proper  lab accreditation.   The board of the authority would also include voices representing a  spectrum of perspectives within the horseracing industry, subject to  strict conflict-of-interest rules, including owners, breeders,  horsemen, racetracks, and veterinarians.   The revised legislation would also require the creation of a national  racetrack safety program establishing safety standards for training and  racing; racetrack surfaces; injury-related data analyses; safety  violation investigation, hearings, and sanctions. Adding a racetrack  safety component to the bill will help make the sport significantly  safer for our equine athletes and jockeys.   While no legislation is perfect, the agreement represented in this  bill has the support of the overwhelming majority of not only the  horseracing industry, including all three tracks that host Triple Crown  races, the Jockey Club, and the Breeders' Cup, but also major animal  welfare groups like the Humane Society, Animal Wellness Action, and the  grassroots Water Hay Oats Alliance.   Mr. Speaker, this is truly a win-win-win for the industry, sports  fans, and our equine athletes. It puts the equine athlete at the  epicenter of this legislation and concern. It is safer as an outcome  for our jockeys, important in that sport, and I urge all of my  colleagues to support H.R. 1754.   Again, I thank the chairman of the committee, Frank Pallone, for  bringing this forward and all who have worked so steadfastly on the  results that we have achieved today.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   John, it is an honor and pleasure to be here with our colleagues to  salute you and thank you for the tremendous service that you have  provided not only to people of your congressional district, but the  people of this Nation.   It is very obvious that you are much loved and appreciated and  respected by your colleagues in this House. It is also humbling to know  that you have brought a good name to politics, and you have reminded us  by your very actions and your deeply rooted beliefs in the various  issues that you tackle that it is not only okay, but it is essential to  have differences in this House; and it is to share those differences in  a respectable way, which you have always done so as to build the best  product.   So I think this evening we salute your integrity and your humility,  which oftentimes is what I think drives your personality to be able to  achieve and to have this driving force to accomplish on behalf of the  people. I appreciate the opportunity to participate this evening, and I  will try not to undermine   John Shimkus' sterling conservative  credentials by joining in this discussion this evening.   For 6 years, I have served as the ranking member to Mr. Shimkus'  subcommittee chair. In the past 2 years, we have switched roles. But  during all of that time, we have disagreed on many occasions. In fact,  we are disagreeing right now, but that doesn't stop me from coming here  this evening to just share my respect with others for you and the  tremendous performance you have put forth on behalf of the Republic.   But as I have found, you have been tremendously accessible, very  open-minded and fair, always looking for a way for us to achieve and to  build that compromise. It has been a great partnership, even if we  didn't see eye to eye on everything.   I will always appreciate that we would work together to try to find  common ground on issues where we thought we could agree. I am proud of  our bipartisan work on brownfields, where we reauthorized and improved  that program. Certainly, the drinking water infrastructure efforts that  we made is essential for our communities. We made some great  improvements to both of those programs, and it would not have been  possible without your leadership, John.   And while we have had some different perspectives on TSCA, I believe  it is fair to say that Representative Shimkus has done some undeniably  monumental work on chemical safety for this country.   His district and this Chamber are losing a great Representative, and  Yucca Mountain is losing a frequent visitor.   John, I congratulate you on your retirement. I wish you and Karen the  very best as you go forward. You have displayed to me tremendous  qualities of character when you speak of your family, the love you have  for them. It is just apparent in your face when you talk about them.  You are so proud of that partnership you have with Karen and of the  children, the offspring that you have created.   It is also very evident that you have enjoyed service to this  country, not only in this House, but as a member of the New York  delegation, I am proud to say that we adopt you as a West Point cadet  and that you have shown your strength and your valor and your courage  to be a strong element that you have contributed to this country.   I thank you for your integrity. I thank you for your deeply rooted  faith that has made a lot of our partnership work. You are guided with  that humble spirit to serve your Creator through the gifts you have  been endowed.   Thank you for being such a great friend, thank you for being such a  great work partner, and thank you for the success that we have achieved  together, and I hope there is more to come in the ensuing days and  weeks that you will be here.   So, congratulations, my friend. Know that you made your mark and that  you have earned many stars after your name.   God bless.   