 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 90, and I am  proud to have joined Chairwoman Waters in introducing it.   This resolution provides for congressional disapproval of the rule  submitted by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency relating to  the Community Reinvestment Act.   The Community Reinvestment Act was enacted into law, as indicated, in  1977 as a direct response to the long, painful legacy of structural  discrimination, financial exclusion, redlining, and  [[Page H2573]]  economic suppression of racial minorities in America, a legacy of  prejudice and economic exclusion that we are seeing all-too-clearly  still echoes to this day, which is why many of the individuals you see  in the streets today want to correct this structural problem that we  have in our Nation.   At its core, the Community Reinvestment Act is a civil rights bill.  It was the fourth in a series of banking bills passed to address  systemic discrimination in banking, including the Fair Housing Act of  1968, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974, and the Home Mortgage  Disclosure Act of 1975.   These bills built on the findings of the 1961 report from the U.S.  Commission on Civil Rights, and community-led civil action in Chicago  to hold banks accountable for rampant discrimination in lending in  Black and Hispanic communities.   Any efforts at reforms and modernization must remain true to this  legacy, particularly given the overwhelming evidence of continued  discrimination in banking and access to finance.   We must make sure that when we look at the CRA, the CRA is creating  an opportunity for minority businesses to thrive and strive and  investing further in its communities; that affordable housing is  something that is there, not something where we are investing and  driving people out so they can't have the benefits in the community. It  must be relevant to the community and keeping the people in the  community so that they can see a better life.   Under Comptroller Otting's leadership, the OCC's work on CRA  modernization has systematically failed to remain true to the law's  civil rights roots. In fact, the very way in which the rule was  finalized and published by the OCC was symptomatic of the agency's  failed approach from the start. It was rushed, unfinished, unsupported  by data, and not done in coordination with the other prudential  regulators.   And to cap it all off, Comptroller Otting abandoned his post within  the very same week of publishing this rule, in the middle of a  pandemic, economic crisis, and a looming banking crisis, leaving  everyone else to hold the bag.    Madam Speaker, the fact is, there is room to modernize CRA  and to update it to the realities of modern-day banking. The Fed and  community advocacy groups have put forward some thoughtful ideas on  just how to do that.   Let us pass this bill, let us stop this ill-fated rule that the OCC  put out, and let us do some real CRA to help people in these  communities who have been deprived for far too long.   