 Madam Speaker, I too rise to ask my colleagues to support  the Suicide Prevention Lifeline Improvement Act led by my colleague,  Mr. Katko.   This is a bill that the Mental Health Caucus co-chairs, Mr. Katko and  Mrs. Napolitano, and I have been working on for several years.   Two years ago, I spent a long afternoon at the local suicide lifeline  in northern Virginia. It was fascinating; it was important; and I  learned a great deal. Number one, I learned that an awful lot of young  people want to do texts rather than phone calls, and they didn't have  that capability. I learned that they were in desperate need of more  staff. I learned that they needed more volunteers, and when I said that  I would like to be a volunteer, I learned that it took four long  weekends, then you had to commit to 40 hours of training, and then you  had to commit to at least one 4- or 5-hour shift per week for the next  year.   I also found that it had a remarkable success rate. They said they  had talked to something like 3,000 people the previous year.   I asked: ``How many had been lost?'' Two out of 3,000.   But I also found out that they have wait times sometimes up to 60  minutes just to get on a call. A crisis can't afford to wait 60  minutes, and that is why we developed this legislation to give the  lifeline the resources it needs and the quick answering times it has to  have to be successful.   We also built in oversight capability so it can be more effectively  reviewed and improved. It has to constantly evolve.   The work is certainly even more important now that we know about the  new 988 designation by the FCC. We have heard a lot about that this  afternoon because we know there is going to be a lot higher demand.   One of the things I have done the last couple of years at every event  is I say: Okay, everybody here raise their hand who knows the suicide  lifeline number.   No one raises their hand ever. But that will be different. In fact, I  am very confident that, within a few years, the 988 will go  international, and it will be the standard all over the world.   It is especially important now during the pandemic. I just looked it  up while we were waiting that a survey this July--2 months ago--found  that 36 percent of young people 18 to 29 years old are experiencing  clinical depression.   Madam Speaker, 48,000 Americans died by their own hand in 2018. We  can't save every life, but the Suicide Prevention Lifeline is  remarkably successful in helping people through that singular moment of  despair in their lives.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues again. It has been  bipartisan, and it has been very important. Good friends like Mr.  Gianforte, Mr. Katko, Frank Pallone, and Anna Eshoo helped us through,  and my dear friend Debbie Dingell led here today. I thank them for  prioritizing these mental health supports when we need it most.    Madam Speaker, today, I rise to urge my colleagues to  support the bipartisan bill, H.R. 4585, the Campaign to Prevent Suicide  Act, that I introduced with my friend,   Greg Gianforte.   September is Suicide Prevention Awareness Month, and for that very  reason, this bill couldn't be more important. Suicide is the 10th  leading cause of death in the United States and the second leading  cause of death for 15- to 34-year-olds. Overall suicide rates increased  35 percent from 1999 through 2018.   Suicide can be prevented, but unfortunately, it is still a taboo  topic for much of American society. The stigma against discussing  suicide and seeking help is a significant barrier to prevention. It is  one of those things where if suicide happened in a family, then no one  would ever talk about it.   It is important to tackle this head-on. I can't tell you how many  times I bring this up at an event--it is something that I have been  working on with good friends like Greg--and there is this discomfort.  People look away; they shuffle their feet; and some people slip out of  the back of the room. Yet, every time at the end of the event people  will come up and say: Thank you so much for talking about that. I lost  my aunt. I lost my brother.   Nobody talks about it. A change in social norms from a culture of  avoidance to a culture of engagement is needed in order to ensure that  those who need help can actually seek it.   The United States Air Force has developed a similar initiative  tailored to the Air Force in order to change the culture surrounding  suicide, and researchers found that it is associated with a 33 percent  drop in the relative risk reduction in suicide. This reflects the  importance of engaging, but the second piece is knowing how to do it.   The Federal Communications Commission has the new 988 number we all  talked about, but of course, we have to tell people about it, which is  why it is so time sensitive.   The Campaign to Prevent Suicide would, number one, act to change the  culture around suicide so Americans know to intervene rather than to  ignore. Again, when I was growing up, you were not supposed to say,  ``Debbie, are you feeling suicidal?'' because you might give her the  idea to do it. Now, we say, ``Debbie, do you feel like hurting  yourself?'' or, ``Do you want to kill yourself?''   I was so thrilled when I went to the emergency room last year. I got  something in my eye. I just had something in my eye, and the first  thing they said is: Do you feel like killing yourself?    I thanked the nurse, and I thanked the doctor for making sure that I  was okay.   Of course, it will be an awareness campaign for the new 988 number,  but also it will educate media and social media because the world has  changed. Today, often it will be a Facebook post or a tweet or an  Instagram that might be the first hint that somebody is thinking about  killing themselves.   We are dealing with a suicide epidemic made worse during the pandemic  because the very stress of the pandemic exacerbated it for all of us.  With 200,000 dead who are in the news all the time, we have a death  anxiety that mostly only people in battle have. So, this is really,  really important.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this good bipartisan  bill to save lives and to save the enormous burden of grief that  families feel.   