 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support today of H.R. 1620, the  Chesapeake Bay Program Reauthorization Act, that will extend and fund  the Environmental Protection Agency's Chesapeake Bay Program until  2024.   I am proud to have joined my colleagues from the Chesapeake Bay  Watershed, Representatives Elaine Luria,  Bobby Scott, and   John  Sarbanes in introducing this important legislation.   The Chesapeake Bay is, indeed, a national treasure and a centerpiece  of the culture and economy of many communities in Virginia and  neighboring States.   A clean and healthy Bay is the right thing to do for future  generations, but it will also support local economies and provide  numerous other economic and quality-of-life benefits.   The commercial seafood industry alone employs 34,000 in Virginia and  [[Page H799]]  Maryland and generates $3.4 billion in sales.   A clean and healthy Bay also supports a vibrant tourism and outdoor  recreational industry. These industries in the watershed support over  820,000 jobs and $13 billion in income.   EPA's Chesapeake Bay Program does important work in partnership with  Bay States to control pollution and manage nutrient runoff into the  rivers feeding into the Bay.   Through the Chesapeake Bay Program, we see the overall health of the  Bay has improved significantly over the last 30 years. We are seeing  better water quality, more rockfish, more blue crabs, more oysters, and  the list goes on and on.   However, without continued collaboration among stakeholders and  Federal support, progress in the Bay is indeed threatened. With today's  actions, we are one step closer to ensuring that the Chesapeake Bay  remains the economic foundation of our region that will be enjoyed for  generations to come.   We all enjoy the Bay, whether we are in the Bay watershed or outside  the Bay watershed. It really is, indeed, a national treasure.   If you look and think about the Bay, the workboats that you see there  on a daily basis, the great way of life of folks in these waterside  communities, it really is, I think, incumbent upon all of us to work  hard and make sure we continue, not just to preserve the Bay, but make  sure we see the Bay improve in water quality.   It plays an important role in my family. My son is a commercial  fisherman, what we call in our area, a waterman, so he lets me know on  a daily basis what is right and what is not right with the Chesapeake  Bay, and encourages me to make sure we are doing everything we can to  continue as good stewards of that fantastic resource, to make sure it  continues to provide for those people that make their living off of the  water; but also provides for the quality of life of those folks that  live in the watershed, and continues to be a national treasure.    Even today under the stress, it is, indeed, one of the most  productive water bodies in the entire world. If we continue on this  path of improving the water quality there, I believe it can be even  more productive and provide even more economic value, as well as just  that intrinsic value that it provides to all of us; not just those in  the watershed but to us as a Nation.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this measure and  continuing the vital work of saving the Chesapeake Bay.   