 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, my amendment requires, within 5  years, a comprehensive report to Congress by the Environmental  Protection Agency, the EPA, regarding the actions the Agency will take  to clean up and remediate PFAS contamination sites once we pass the  important bill before us into law.   I would like to begin by thanking my friend Chairman Pallone and his  staff for working with me on this, as well as my fellow Michiganders,  Congresswoman Dingell, Congressman Upton, and Congressman Kildee, for  their bipartisan leadership on this bill.   I am proud that this bill includes my bill cosponsored with  Representative Khanna, the PFAS Safe Disposal Act, which prohibits  unsafe incineration of PFAS. We need to ensure that when PFAS chemicals  are destroyed by incineration, PFAS particles are not emitted into the  air. The monumental effort of PFAS cleanup will be for naught if PFAS  is simply transmitted from water and soil into the air we breathe.   We in Michigan know all too well the growing threat that PFAS  chemicals pose to our communities and our water resources. They have  been linked to cancer, damage to both reproductive and immune systems,  developmental issues, and changes in liver, immune, and thyroid  functions.   The troubling reality is that both industry and the EPA itself have  known about the risks from PFAS chemicals for decades. We know, for  example, that industry studies have demonstrated the adverse health  effects of these chemicals since as early as 1950. That is 70 years  ago. We also know that even though the EPA has recognized the risks of  PFAS since at least 1995, the Agency is continuing to allow new PFAS  chemicals onto the market to this day.   By passing H.R. 535 into law, we can finally begin to reverse decades  of the EPA's failure and finally deliver the protections impacted  communities need in both the short and long term. But after decades of  the EPA failing to treat this matter with urgency, we need to make sure  that the cleanup process that will be set in place, once we finally  designate PFOA and PFAS as hazardous substances, is both timely and  effective.   My amendment is a commonsense transparency and accountability measure  that requires the EPA to submit a comprehensive review to Congress  after 5 years of cleanup efforts. The report required by my amendment  will include the number of sites that have to be remediated, the types  of PFAS chemicals present at each site, an analysis of discrepancies  and cleanup between Federal and non-Federal contamination sites, and  more.   For the sake of our constituents and after so many years of  inexcusable threats to their health, Congress must ensure that EPA's  PFAS cleanup efforts are effective.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), who is the Speaker of the  House.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I  have remaining.    Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, while people may have all kinds of opinions on the  underlying issue, this amendment is simply about sunshine. It simply is  about good government: Will our Federal agencies tell our Article I  body here what they are up to? I think it just makes all kinds of sense  to ask them to give us a comprehensive report after a reasonable period  of time, so I hope everyone can support this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   