 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am on the floor to talk about the  historic opportunity that is before this body this evening and  throughout the week to be able to help us get our national parks back  on track. These are our treasured national parks that are such a great  asset to our country, and right now they are in trouble.   One of the bills before us this week, in what is called the Great  American Outdoors Act, is the bipartisan Restore Our Parks Act. It  directs Federal funding from royalties on oil and gas leases and other  energy leases to Federal lands. It directs that funding to our national  parks to take care of deferred maintenance.   Why is this investment needed? Thanks to the wisdom of Teddy  Roosevelt, who had the foresight to set aside and preserve some of our  most spectacular land for public use, and thanks to so many friends of  the parks who have followed, America's national parks are without  equal. The National Park Service and its system now comprise 84 million  acres of land and historical sites that now attracts 330 million  visitors every year. In fact, from 2006 to 2017, annual visitation in  our parks increased by about 58 million people. They are popular.   During the COVID-19 pandemic, it is clear there is a lot of demand to  be in the out-of-doors. And so I believe as we start to reopen our  parks this summer, which we will do soon, Americans will be all the  more eager to go out to our parks and explore our country's natural  beauty and explore its history.   The problem is that when people head to the parks, they may be  surprised that things are a little rundown. This isn't new. It has been  happening to our parks for decades, actually. Some of the trails will  be closed. Some of the bathrooms aren't going to be working. In places,  roads and bridges will be crumbling, and visitor centers that have  leaks in their roofs will be  [[Page S2752]]  closed. It is a widespread problem of deferred maintenance that has  gradually grown to become a huge backlog of around $12 billion at our  national park sites. That is $12 billion in deferred maintenance that  has not been taken care of.   The good news is, with my colleagues Senator Warner, Senator  Alexander, and Senator King, we introduced this commonsense solution a  few years ago called Restore our Parks Act. It will address this  backlog.   To me, this is a debt unpaid. It would have been a lot smarter to pay  it all along, by the way, but our annual appropriations here in  Congress were never big enough, so what funds we had available went for  things like park rangers, for programming, and, frankly, for applying  bandaids to some of these maintenance problems.   Other funds also, of course, went to expanding our parks. Let me make  one thing clear: This bill before us today--the Restore Our Parks Act-- is all about stewardship. It is about taking better care of what we  have. Not a penny of it can be used for expansion.   Of course, one of our challenges right now, as a country coming out  of the coronavirus pandemic, is to figure out how to get people back to  work, and it is a real challenge because, although the jobs report on  Friday was encouraging in terms of some jobs being added in May, we  still have one of the highest unemployment rates we have ever had in  this country.   One place we have an opportunity to get people back to work is, of  course, rebuilding our infrastructure. There are lots of discussions  about that. Well, this legislation does that. These are shovel-ready  projects--infrastructure projects that are ready to go.   Last week, the National Parks Service released a new study that found  that the Restore Our Parks Act will support 100,000 new jobs as we  rebuild our national parks infrastructure over the next 5 years--40,000  direct jobs, about 60,000 indirect jobs--over 100,000 total new jobs.   By the way, these are good jobs. These are jobs with good pay and  good benefits.   I first became involved in this issue of our national parks because I  have grown to love the parks, as do so many Americans. Even those who  don't have a chance to visit them very much are proud of the fact that  we have this incredible system, this true treasure for our country.   When I was about 12 years old, my mom and dad took us to Yellowstone  Park, and we went camping, and we saw the geysers, and we got to see  things that I had never seen before--just this spectacular park in the  West. This amazing park system that we have in this country continues  to be something I am proud of. So ever since I was 12 years old, I have  been a parks fan.   We have eight national parks in my home State of Ohio. One of those  is called the Cuyahoga Valley National Park, which is our largest  single park. It is actually the thirteenth most visited park in the  country. You may not have heard of it, but it is an awesome park. It is  kind of situated right in between Cleveland and Akron. It is a place  where you can go biking; you can go hiking; you can go fishing; you can  go kayaking; you can take a scenic railway through the park. It is a  spectacular place, and it is accessed by a lot of people, being so  close to the suburbs and even so close to the cities. It is not a  typical park out in the rural area; it is a park that is really right  up against the suburbs and close to the cities. I am proud to be one of  the 2.7 million visitors a year that goes to Cuyahoga Valley National  Park to take advantage of all those things I talked about.   In addition to these larger parks, our park system also includes a  lot of other sites. As an Ohio example, in my hometown of Cincinnati is  the boyhood home of President William Howard Taft, who was both  President and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.   Like everywhere else in our park system, all of these sites are  getting rundown. Why has this happened? Well, again, because every year  we appropriate funding for the operations of the park--for nature  programs, for rangers, for day-to-day operations and activities--but we  haven't provided enough money to provide for these maintenance needs.   Think about it in terms of your own family or your own home or your  own business. Taking that big step and making those capital  improvements is a big, big cost, and we don't budget for that here very  well. So we have allowed these maintenance projects to build up,  meaning a lot of buildings, a lot of infrastructure--roads, bridges,  water systems--are deteriorating to the point that a lot of them are  really completely unusable.   I have seen this firsthand as I have visited our Ohio parks. Here are  a couple photos of some of the visits we have made.   I go to Cuyahoga Valley National Park frequently, as I said, and  there are always a lot of school field trips, a lot of hikers, a lot of  other visitors. It is a great park, but it needs about $50 million in  repair--just that one park, Cuyahoga National Park.   The railroad track is in such bad repair--and it is behind me here-- that it is dangerous or will be soon to go on that scenic railroad. So  we have to fix the railroad tracks. Some of the trails seem to be  falling apart because of erosion. An $11 million budget is the annual  budget for that park, Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Again, it is the  thirteenth most visited park in the country, yet they have a $50  million backlog--a $50 million backlog. So it is just not sustainable.   I also visited the Perry monument a couple of times in the last  couple of years, including last summer. Perry's Victory and  International Peace Memorial is on the shores of Lake Erie. It honors  those who fought in the Battle of Lake Erie in the War of 1812, which  was such a critically important battle for our victory. It also  celebrates the long-lasting peace between the U.K., Canada, and the  United States. So it is an important historical marker.   There I saw some of the $48 million in long-delayed maintenance needs  at that site, which includes millions in needed repairs to a concrete  seawall--and here is the seawall. You can see some of the damage to it.  There are also sinkholes behind me here.   We have to repair that seawall, but, boy, it is a big cost. But if  you don't repair it, you continue to have other damage, including the  road behind me, and, obviously, people are not permitted to go near the  lake there.   So $48 million is a lot for that small memorial, small national park.  The visitors' center there also needs upgrades. It needs to be made ADA  accessible, an example--Americans with Disabilities Act. Again, the  budget for that park is miniscule, but the maintenance needs are huge.   It is not just our outdoor spaces that need work. The past 2 years I  have visited the Taft home in Cincinnati where President William Howard  Taft was born and raised. The house is still in pretty good condition,  but there are infrastructure upgrades that have to be made--repairing  the roof, repairing some of the woodwork. You can see the roof here and  some of the mold. When you don't repair the roof, what happens? The  roof leaks, and the walls get moldy, and the floor begins to couple.   So whether it is your house or whether it is our national parks, that  is what is happening.   We have to do this in order to ensure that the costs don't expand  even further, which is what happens, again, in your own home. If you  don't fix that roof, you have all kinds of other problems, and they  compound.   The compounding problem in our national parks is not just $12  billion. If we don't address it, it will grow to be much greater than  that. The longer we wait, the more expensive it gets. The same story is  true with all of our parks all around our country, and it is time for  us to fix it.   By the way, people ask me: Well, how do you know what the most urgent  needs are? Because we require the parks to keep it. We require them to  tell the U.S. Congress every year their highest priority needs, spell  them out, in specific terms, what is needed--what the cost is, how long  the repairs would take, and so on. This is why I said that they are  shovel ready, because we know what these projects are.   Here is the deferred maintenance cost in Ohio, as an example, just  for Ohio--again, totaling $114 million. Here is the Perry's Victory  Memorial, $48 million; here is the Cuyahoga Valley National Park at  almost $52 million.    Again, at some of our bigger parks around the country, the costs are  even  [[Page S2753]]  higher. So this is an opportunity for us to do the right thing by these  treasures that we have, to make sure they don't continue to  deteriorate. This is where our Restore Our Parks Act is so important to  pass.   As I said earlier, this legislation is going to support more than  100,000 jobs and cut into that maintenance backlog. What is even better  about this legislation is that taxpayers aren't the ones footing the  bill. Instead, this bill creates what is called the Legacy Restoration  Fund, which will provide $1.9 billion per year for 5 years from 50  percent of the unobligated on- and offshore energy revenue. Again, this  comes from on- and offshore oil, gas, and other energy projects.   This means we will have $9.5 billion to be divided across the  National Park Service and other Federal Land Management agencies. It  will not fund every needed repair, but the $6.5 billion our parks are  going to get will address all of the high priority items, so 6.5 out of  12, roughly half--a little more than half--of those projects, but it  does comprise all of the high-priority items for our national parks.   It is a win-win, especially right now. This enables us to restore our  parks and our public lands--these great national treasures. It supports  jobs at a time when people are anxious to get back to work, and it does  all this by taking this funding that comes from the leases--oil,  natural gas, and other energy projects. It is good for our economy. We  need to get people back to work again, and it is an example of how  Congress can pass laws that both create jobs and serve the public's  interests.   It is particularly good news that we are voting on it this week,  because the quicker we act, the better.   I want to thank Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for allowing us to  bring this to the floor. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle who have worked so hard on this legislation. Specifically, I  want to thank Senator Warner, who came up with this great idea of  shifting the funding from the oil, gas, and other energy projects--some  of these royalty moneys--into this particular project.   I have worked for years on parks. I am the author of the Centennial  Act, which was back in 2016 for our national parks, which helps to get  public-private partnerships involved, which I strongly support. That  has helped a little bit on the maintenance, but it is not nearly enough  money. So we need to do more, and that is what this legislation does.   I also want to thank Senator Alexander and Senator King for their  work on this national parks legislation.   I also want to thank my other colleagues who have been so involved in  this broader package. That would be Senator Gardner, Senator Manchin,  Senator Daines. That is the Great American Outdoors Act. They helped me  to put that together.   This is the right thing to do for our country at the right time.   I want to also say that the Trump administration strongly supports  this legislation, and that has been really important, too, to get it in  the budget, to be sure that the Office of Management and Budget, where  I used to serve, is on board, because the funding here is not our  typical appropriations funding, and I thank them for that. I thank  President Trump for helping us to ensure that this can come to the  floor today and can actually get passed by the U.S. Congress and then  signed into law.   Let's do it. On a bipartisan basis, let's do something positive this  week to move our country forward, to create more jobs, and to ensure  that our wonderful national parks are there for future generations.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   