 Madam Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 5130, the  Capturing All Small Businesses Act, bipartisan legislation that I  sponsored to protect our Nation's small businesses against being  prematurely forced out of the small business category due to sudden  growth.   This legislation lengthens from 12 to 24 months the time period used  by the SBA to determine the average number of employees a business has.  Alongside revenues, the calculation of the average number of employees  is one of the size standards used by SBA to determine if a business is  still small.   By extending SBA's calculation period for employee-based size  standards, Congress recognizes that the current 12-month timeframe can  have detrimental effects on small businesses that experience temporary  spikes in employment. These additional 12 months recognize that many  factors, including large contracts or seasonal contracts and seasonal  employment, can cause a small business to take on extra employees but  only take them on temporarily while, in fact, they are still a small  business for the majority of year.   In my home State of Texas, which has a great economy, small  businesses make up 99.8 percent of all businesses and employ 4.7  million Texans.   When I am back at home, one of things that I do is a program called  Marc Means Business, where I go and visit businesses to learn about  what other people do in their jobs. It has been great for me to be able  to do this. I have had this experience working alongside constituents  and employers and employees in the area.    Small business is really the lifeblood of our economy, so anything  that we can do to help them will be a benefit for the entire State of  Texas and the economy.   I want to end my remarks by giving a special thanks to Congressman  Hern from Oklahoma for being a colead of this legislation, and I want  to give a special thanks to Chairwoman Velazquez for really taking  small business seriously. As the chair of this committee, she came down  to Dallas/Fort Worth and had an opportunity to talk in person with  small businesses about some of the things that they need. I just really  want to thank her and Ranking Member Chabot for taking the time to  really take small businesses in this country seriously.   