 Mr. Speaker, I was in my office just finishing up a  meeting when I saw this going on down here, and I knew I had to come  because Chairman Walden--   You don't mind if I call you chairman still?   I don't know if that violates any House policy, Mr. Speaker.   You will always be my chairman.   You were my first chairman as I came on the Energy and Commerce  Committee, a committee that I wanted to be on for an awful long time.  Representative Upton and I talked about that for quite some time. He  assured me that that was the key committee to be on. I knew that for a  fact, and I have not been disappointed.   One of the quotes that means most to me is the quote that is above  the Speakers's rostrum. It is a quote from Daniel Webster, who said:   Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers,  build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see  whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something  worthy to be remembered.   It is a powerful quote, and we all aspire to that, but a few actually  achieve that.   Chairman Walden, I want to say that, through the Speaker to you, I  believe you have achieved that purpose in doing something here that  will be remembered, if not in all of the policy issues and the  legislative issues you fronted and pushed for, you will leave that in  the lives of Members who have served with you on your committee and  under your leadership.   I will never forget a 27-hour markup and a debate that went on after  the pattern that ought to be here in the House of Representatives. I  remember the firmness with which you led that committee markup, the  passion that you displayed on the issues, the agreements and  disagreements that you had and you let in. But you treated us all on  that committee with respect worthy of this institution, and you treated  each Member with a purpose that said to all of us: You are important,  and your ideas should be considered.   I know for a fact I have served under chairmen and Speakers over the  course of my tenure in State and in national politics who have led, but  only a few have led in such a way as you, that the people you led felt  that you really meant it, that you wanted their best whether you agreed  or disagreed with us, and you made us better for the calling and for  the purpose.   So I want to say to you, Mr. Chairman, thank you for your service. I  wish you well, your family, and in all of your endeavors. You can count  on it that I will pray prayers of thanks for you and blessings on your  life.   All the best.   