 Mr. President, nearly a month has passed since George  Floyd died. In a show of unity, which bridged divides Americans-- Republicans, Democrats, Independents--demanded that something be done  to prevent such deaths from happening in the future. Republicans are  trying to do something.   Thanks to the leadership of Senator Tim Scott, the Senate is trying  to consider the JUSTICE Act, a major bill to reform police departments  in meaningful, practical ways; yet today, Democrats blocked  consideration of the bill. I hope Democrats allow the Senate to at  least debate the JUSTICE Act. If Democrats don't like the bill, offer  an amendment. Make the case. Reforming police departments, making  justice fair, and equal for all is a bipartisan issue.   I smiled when I was sitting in the Chair where you are right now, Mr.  President, when a Senate colleague, who is a Democrat, spoke yesterday  and described the Senate as the world's greatest deliberative body. I  thought she must be sarcastic. I say that because Democrats refuse to  allow deliberation. The people sent us here to solve problems. Let's do  the work.   As I was sitting in the Chair yesterday, I heard Democrats  rationalize why they refuse to allow debate. As best as I can tell,  they refused to allow any deliberation because they are not sure that  what they want to be included will be included.   I think now it is time to review that which most of us learned in  fifth grade. Just for a civics lesson for my Democratic colleagues, I  am going to go through how a bill is passed and to show that, even  though they don't like how the bill starts, they can actually change  how it ends and vote against it if they don't like it.   We all learned this. This is how a bill is passed. We get an idea  from a constituent. Those ideas are on the street right now. They want  reform of how policing occurs, to make sure that it is fair and  equitable for all. The bill can go through the House. It is debated on  the House floor. If it is approved, it comes to the Senate.   I am going to interject here. The Senate may come up with its own  bill, and it goes to the floor. Here, it says the bill is debated. That  is not happening. Filibuster and cloture may occur, and the Senate may  approve the bill.   Let's stop here. If the Democratic Senators don't like the bill in  its current form, they can amend it. If they don't like the way it is  when it is amended, they can vote against it. If they vote against it,  it will not pass. If they don't like where it ends up, after we  deliberate, debate, and offer amendments, they can still defeat it.   Let's just imagine that it does get approved, then it goes to the  conference committee--you and I know this--but there are some watching  who heard this dialogue yesterday or these speeches yesterday from our  colleagues on the Democratic side. Let me just remind people, if we  approve a bill, it still goes to conference committee.   The legislation passed by the House of Representatives is considered;  those two bills are merged; and then it comes back for another vote.  They have a chance to amend. They have a chance to vote against it if  they don't like the final product, and then it is going to a conference  committee with Speaker Pelosi's version, and then they get to vote  against that if they don't like that.   If all they do is allow deliberation of the bill--in what one said  sarcastically was the ``world's greatest deliberative body''--they  would have this, that, and that opportunity to either change,  disapprove, or to vote on something which they finally approve. That is  how it is supposed to work.   By the way, my young aide was bringing us into the Chamber and saw  somebody in the hallway, and the young person said: Hmm, it doesn't  work that way. He remembered seeing this cartoon, this YouTube, when he  was a kid. All he could say was: It doesn't work that way.   It should. It is how our Founding Fathers set it up. But the other  side decided it doesn't work that way, and that is too bad. That is too  bad because, if we don't do the work, if we don't deliberate, if we  continue to have status quo over the change and the reform that all the  American people are  [[Page S3200]]  demanding, then we will not be answering the pleas of those peaceful  protesters who are asking for that change.   The cynic might believe the Democrats blocked deliberation of the  JUSTICE Act because they don't want the President or the Republicans to  have a win in an election year. If that is the case, if this is purely  political, they have let down the American people, especially those who  demand justice. They let down the American people just to score  political points.   Maybe they blocked it because it doesn't include the Democratic  Party's new wish list: defunding and abolishing police forces. Perhaps  they knew that, if somebody offered an amendment to the JUSTICE Act to  defund police, then Members would be forced to vote on the measure  rather than just pay lip service to an idea that is going nowhere.   Let me say, defunding and abolishing police forces is not the  direction Republicans believe we should take, for obvious reasons. Mobs  are destroying and defacing property and destroying and defacing  monuments of national heroes--George Washington, Abraham Lincoln,  Ulysses Grant. World War II memorials are being defaced with swastikas,  torn down by a mob that hates the United States of America.   When you establish a so-called police-free zone--an absurd promise  for a utopian society that is, in fact, full of crime--the one in  Seattle has had, I think, four shootings--at this point, the mob's goal  is not justice for George Floyd; the mob's goal is about displaying  their hatred for the United States of America.   If Senate Democrats reject that behavior of the mob, let the country  hear you. Reject it. But that would require debate. That would require  deliberation. That is what is being denied the JUSTICE Act. That is  what Senate Democrats will not allow.   Here is what Senate Democrats blocked when they decided against  allowing deliberation of the JUSTICE Act, if you will, addressing the  demands of the people who are calling for reforms of policing. They  denied stronger accountability measures for the police departments. The  JUSTICE Act requires reporting of use of force and no-knock warrants.  It increased penalty for false police reports. It institutes penalties  for failing to properly use body cameras. It requires sharing of  disciplinary records so that departments will know whether an applicant  has the history of bad behavior in another law enforcement department.   By the way, some of the Senate Democrats have said they want to  outlaw these things. Offer an amendment. That is why you deliberate.  You don't come up with a deal in a back room and bring it--and, oh, my  gosh, we have to vote on it. You offer an amendment. Allow  deliberation.   Why will they not respond to the pleas of the American people to  deliberate, to consider, to come up with some form of fairness and  policing for those who feel like it has been denied?    Let me continue. The JUSTICE Act requires the Department of Justice  to develop and provide training and deescalation and intervention  techniques to prevent police encounters from getting out of hand. That  training works. The New Orleans Police Department has implemented it.   One of the images I saw when the riots were occurring in Minneapolis  was the New Orleans Police Department taking a knee with protesters in  Jackson Square--literally on common ground--to say that we are with you  to work towards a solution. That is because of this sort of training  being instituted there. I am so proud that my State has example of that  which works. This bill would take that which works and make it common  across the country.   The JUSTICE Act also requires training and education about the  African-American socioeconomic circumstance so officers can gain a  better perspective in these communities. It promotes understanding of  how African-American males are impacted by experience, including  education, healthcare, financial status in the criminal justice system.  It helps departments know the best practices for police tactics,  employment processes, community transparency, and how law enforcement  can best engage on issues related to mental health, homelessness, and  addiction.   Senator Scott, drawing from his own experiences, crafted a bill with  reforms that will lead to more accountability, fewer uses of force, and  a better understanding of disenfranchised and minority communities that  police should also serve and protect. Criminal justice reform advocates  have long called for the very same reforms the JUSTICE Act institutes.  In fact, there is a lot of agreement between Republicans and Democrats  on many of the reforms in this bill.   I will ask once more: Why are Democrats blocking even a consideration  on this floor of this bill? If you don't like it, work to change it. If  it passes, it only passes with your votes. If it does pass, it then  goes to the House of Representatives for reconciliation with their  bill, and then it comes back. But we should at least debate--at least  pretend to hear the cries of the American people who are asking for  justice for those who perceive that they have been denied.   We know that the JUSTICE Act brings about the changes to policing  that Americans are calling for: more accountability, deescalation  training, education, and other things. Yet again, Senate Democrats have  blocked even a discussion of those reforms.   I ask myself--it doesn't make sense, good people--why would they  block even consideration, any response whatsoever to the cries of the  people on the street that the Congress do something? Why would they  even do that? Then I return to this. I think they are afraid that  someone on their side of the aisle will offer an amendment to defund  the police, and they would have to go on the record as to whether or  not they are going to appease a radical left base to vote to defund the  police or whether or not they are going to support the men and women in  uniform that protect us all. They don't want that.   It is not just a political calculation that they don't want President  Trump to have a win, I suppose; it is a political calculation that they  don't want a loss. They don't want to be forced to declare their  support for the police or their support to defund the police.   They are ignoring the cries of protesters demanding that George Floyd  never occur again in order to cover political tracks. I think it is  important to recognize that defunding the police, which I think is a  radical concept, is absurd. We need police officers. In fact, I am  always struck that my colleagues of both parties always thank Capitol  Police for the service they do.   Don't the people who live in our community thank the police officers  to keep their business from being stolen and robbed or burned? I think  they do. But on the other hand, if you think police should be defunded,  allow that amendment to come up, and then vote on it. The American  people didn't send us here to duck tough votes. They sent us here to  declare that which we believe in but also to represent their interest.   A word about the mob that is not peaceful protesters advocating for  justice for all but those who hate the United States of America, who  wish to erase our history, and who wish to replace our national heroes  with toppled statues and swastikas and hammer and sickles upon the side  of the building. The irony is that most of the mob relies upon  constitutional protections of free speech and freedom of assembly. We  cherish those rights. We cherish them and thank those who are  peacefully protesting for exercising those constitutional rights.   I also hear from some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  that, somehow, these actions of anarchists are just violent. There is a  sentiment that says we try to enact change peacefully, but nothing is  happening. I, unfortunately, have to agree with them.   The Republicans have brought forward a bill that would peacefully  begin to make changes in how policing is understood and practiced and,  in peacefully doing so, bring about change for which they are  advocating. But again, nothing has happened because Senate Democrats  have decided that they don't even want to debate a bill, offer  amendments, vote against the final product, or allow it to go to a  conference committee with the House of Representatives to be changed  once more to perhaps come more to their liking.   Again, my Senate Democratic colleagues are not just blocking reform;  [[Page S3201]]  they will not even allow discussion of reform. They don't want to talk  to Republicans about it. They don't want to take a stand on defunding  and abolishing police departments. Rather than have a debate, we go  into hiding, leaving the issues regarding the reform of policing  unresolved. I hope my Democratic colleagues allow the debate to occur.  I hope they recognize the importance of this issue to all Americans,  especially to those in communities of color, but really to us all.   To my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Come back to the  table. Let's hear your amendments. Let's have debate. Let's enact the  change we need by building a consensus on the best path forward. Let's  live up to the statement that the Senate is the world's greatest  deliberative body.   Together, the Senate--Republicans and Democrats--can deliver change  for the American people. We can bring about the unity that we as a  country desperately need in order to heal as a society, but this will  only happen if my Senate Democratic colleagues stop hiding behind  procedural votes.   Come to the floor. Let's deliberate. Let's do what the Founding  Fathers imagined that we would. I know that it is politically  difficult, but sometimes, we have to rise above political difficulty  with a challenge of time, and that challenge is now.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   