 Madam Speaker, I agree with what was just  [[Page H2459]]  said. This is here to talk about justice, and justice is supposed to be  blind to everything, race, socioeconomic status, blind to politics.   It was interesting just a few minutes ago that when confronted with  an amendment that they didn't like, they chose to deal with their  collective bargaining agreements on things that actually do pander and  stop us from getting at the bad actors in the police departments from  going on. The Democrats chose not to talk about it, to walk away and  obfuscate and not talk about it.   That was an amendment, frankly, that the chairman didn't list because  the chairman understands that that is a problem that needs to be worked  on, and we could have, but we didn't.   The bill does not do, in fact, what it is said to do. Some of the  provisions of this bill actually will hurt the police officers and the  police in our community. It doesn't help; it actually hurts. There are  many things that do help, and we can work on those.   The Speaker of the House just said that passing a watered-down bill  is wrong. Well, I will tell you what else is wrong. It is coming to the  floor of this House and saying passing this bill will change anything  because it will not. And stopping the Senate bill from going forward  and having amendment and having process is wrong as well because the  only way the two bodies will come together and find the common ground  and denominator to actually pass a bill--I have been on this floor  before, many times, having to remind our colleagues that simply coming  to this floor and passing something doesn't make it law.   In this case, it is more important than ever to know that the Senate  is working on the Republican side because they are a Republican  majority. We are a Democratic majority. You are going to pass a  Democratic bill. That is fine. The Senate will pass a Republican bill.  But then you go to conference. But when you poison the discussion like  we are doing today, that is wrong.   Justice, as I have seen in my home State when I have a DA who is  charging police officers before investigations are over--Paul Howard  needs to recuse himself. Why? Because good people are being harmed.   The Speaker actually said, Madam Speaker, that good police officers  want to do their jobs. That is correct. Yet, right now, the city of  Atlanta is seeing a large increase in officers from the Atlanta Police  Department applying anywhere else but Fulton County because they don't  think they can get backed up. That is what the problem of this bill is.   This is not something that we just simply should take lightly.  Justice for George Floyd should be the first and foremost thing, and  not just George Floyd, anyone in this case.   There are areas that we can work on, but simply putting things  together, throwing it together, and then having the obstruction of the  Senate coupled with the bill in the House that cannot get signed is  simply talking to these cameras and making a point that nothing else is  going to get done.   That is the travesty, Madam Speaker. The travesty is thinking this  actually does something. Watered-down bills, not watered-down bills but  bills that are not allowed to go to conference and actually work the  will of these two bodies, one controlled by Republicans, one controlled  by Democrats, is simply wrong. We did it in the FIRST STEP Act, and  some of those very same civil rights groups that spoke against the  FIRST STEP Act came around when they saw that we were honestly  negotiating to an end.   So as we move forward, I would urge ``no'' on this. But I would urge  that the destruction stop, and it doesn't start here. So we all need to  help and put justice first for everyone.   