 Mr. President, President Trump is working to  defend the freedom of our country. He was right to take swift and  decisive action to kill one of the world's worst monsters. Soleimani  was responsible for the death and maiming of thousands of Americans and  tens of thousands worldwide. He ordered the attack on the United States  Embassy in Iraq. He had plans to kill more Americans.   There are some in this body who are trying to curtail the President's  authority to defend Americans and defend American interests. This is  not only foolish; it is fool hardy. Our President does and should have  the authority to defend Americans, period, but it is an authority he  doesn't take lightly. President Trump is right to use restraint and  avoid further escalation unless Iran continues their provocations.   The regime in Iran--a regime that chants ``Death to America'' and  wants to wipe Israel off the face of the map--needs to know that the  United States will not tolerate acts of aggression against America or  our allies. The death of Soleimani was a strong warning, but they  should also know they have the opportunity to become productive members  of the world community and bring peace and prosperity to their people.  The choice is theirs. We all want peace, and the greatest deterrent to  war is our economic and military strength, but Iran must make the  choice for peace. It is a choice that is theirs alone.   During this trying time, I want to pause and take a moment to  remember the brave men and women of our Armed Forces. We often forget  in Washington that the people carrying out the orders of our Commander  in Chief are just that--people. They are not pieces on a chess board.  They are fathers and mothers, sons and daughters, brothers and sisters.   I remember my father talking about his experience in World War II--a  conflict he certainly had no expectation to return from. He loved his  service to our country but never forgot those we lost. I remember  friends going to Vietnam and Korea. I have spent many hours sitting and  talking with Gold Star parents. As Governor, I watched Florida National  Guard units leave for wars in the Middle East.   The cost of war is great. As Ronald Reagan said, ``Freedom is not  bought cheaply.'' We should never forget that.   I am praying for our brave men and women in uniform--some of them  Floridians--headed overseas to protect Americans and prevent an  escalating conflict, and I am praying for peace.   These heroes put their lives in danger to defend our Nation, and we  cannot thank them enough for their sacrifice and their service. We must  recognize the dangers and threats that our world faces today, and we  must always stand together united to defend freedom and democracy.   I yield the floor.   