 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Majority Leader Hoyer for  his exemplary leadership and thank the distinguished chair of the Ways  and Means Committee, Richard Neal, for his friendship and his wise  counsel.   Madam Speaker, you be the judge.   Two weeks ago, the World Economic Forum held its annual conference in  Davos, and the central theme of the meeting this year was climate  change, the most critical issue we face.   President Trump spoke at the conference, but instead of focusing on  climate change, he made what amounts to a campaign speech, claiming  that he has worked a miracle with the U.S. economy. The fundamental  basis of his argument is wildly wrong. He claimed that the economy he  inherited from Barack Obama was ``in dismal shape.'' On the basis of  this fundamental rewriting of history, he claimed credit for the strong  U.S. economy.   The economy is booming, he proposed, not because Barack Obama helped  dig us out from the worst recession since the Great Depression or  because of the hard work and ingenuity of the American worker, but  because of Donald Trump's magical touch, the same magical touch he had  with his Atlantic City casinos which went bankrupt, and Trump Shuttle  and Trump University and Trump Mortgage and Trump Steaks and the Trump  board game and Trump Vodka.   That is quite a record.   I am a businessman. With my brother, my sister, my dad, we spent 46  years now building a highly successful company. And I know it is not  easy, but I also know that when a businessman has a string of  spectacular failures, you wouldn't hire him to be CEO of your company,  let alone President of the United States.   But here we are. Serendipitously, with much luck, I became vice chair  of the Joint Economic Committee recently, and I couldn't be more  thrilled by the confidence of my Democratic leadership and the  opportunity to serve.   The Joint Economic Committee studies and advises Members of Congress  about the economy. We are like the economic think tank for the economy  to delve into the issues and, when necessary, to set the record  straight.   So, when the President stands up at Davos and claims that he is an  economic miracle worker, supposedly saving the economy from what he  claims is the disaster he inherited, the Joint Economic Committee has  to step up to the plate. I was more than pleased when Majority Leader  Hoyer asked me to help lead this hour of discussion. So, today, we will  talk about the supposedly dismal economy.   Was it a wreck, as the President imagines it? Far from it.    Has he worked miracles with the economy? No way. The data shows that  this is not true.   Did his tax cuts supercharge the economic growth? Very weak evidence.   And did his tax cuts pay for themselves? Again, no way.   Has the President's trade war helped American businesses and  consumers? We will argue it has done much more harm than good.   And The Washington Post Fact Checker found that, during his  Presidency, Donald Trump has made more than 1,500 lies or misleading  statements about the economy, and he brazenly repeats them even when  corrected.   I suspect, next week, in this very Chamber, when he gives the State  of the Union Address, we will hear many of those same misleading claims  again.   Madam Speaker, when you hear him make a claim about almost anything,  you can pretty much know, more often than not, that it is not true.   So, in his Davos speech at the World Economic Forum, when he said  that the economy he inherited from Barack Obama was dismal, he also  said: ``We have the greatest economy we've ever had in the history of  our country.''   This claim and many others did not make it by the fact checkers at  the Associated Press. This isn't unusual. He is often caught red- handed, in flagrante delicto, making easily debunked claims on a wide  range of topics. And since the beginning of his administration, his  record of falsehoods is astonishing.   The Washington Post Fact Checker says Trump has made over 16,000  false or misleading claims in his first 3 years of office. When you  hear this President say almost anything about the economy, it is likely  to be more wrong than right.   For example, he did not create a strong economy; he inherited it.  This is made absolutely clear in a rigorous, carefully sourced new  report by the Democratic staff on the Joint Economic Committee. This is  what the report shows: that the economy Donald Trump inherited from  Barack Obama was strong and getting stronger.   Madam Speaker, you can see this on the chart right here. Unemployment  was below 5 percent, GDP growth was 2 percent in the fourth quarter of  2016, and 227,000 jobs were being created every month.   President Obama led the economy a very long way back from the  economic records that he inherited from his predecessor. Here is how  bad it was.   At the worst of the Great Recession, unemployment had reached 10  percent, but by the time President Obama left office, unemployment had  already been cut more than in half, down to 4.7 percent.   When he took office, the economy was hemorrhaging 700,000 jobs per  month. By the time he left, the economy had already added jobs for 76  straight months, the longest in American history.   Inflation was low. Wages and incomes were rising. It was a remarkable  turnaround. It was not, as the President said at Davos, dismal.  [[Page H612]]    The President called the current economy a miracle due to his golden  touch, but, no, he inherited this from the previous economy.   So let's thank the President, but not this President. Let's thank my  old boss, President Obama.   The President often cherry-picks a strong month of job growth and  implies that it is representative, but let's look at things in the long  term, which is how economists actually measure these things.   In the first 35 months of the Trump administration, his economy added  191,000 jobs per month. In the last 35 months of Barack Obama, his  economy added 227,000 jobs per month. That is a 36,000 job-per-month  difference over a comparable 35 months each. Donald Trump wants you to  forget that, but let's not let him get away with it.   The job market is strong. Unemployment is 3.5 percent. But, again, he  didn't create low unemployment; he inherited it, and you can see that  in the long-term trends. It was at 4.7 percent; now it is down to 3.5.   But his signature policy impact, the $1.9 trillion in tax cuts,  didn't go into effect until 2018. So unemployment had already dropped  to 4.1--that is the Obama effect, the 4.1. So the last six-tenths of a  percent cost us $1.9 trillion, and it might be much higher than that.   Madam Speaker, was the cost worth it? Is the President an economic  genius? You be the judge.   