 Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Biggs for yielding.   I rise today in opposition to the NO BAN Act, which would tie the  hands of our executive branch, restricting our ability to act quickly  and decisively to defend America from her enemies.   The President must have authority to act when our national security  is at risk. When a situation demands we halt travel into our country,  whether that be to protect us from a pandemic or other national  security issue, the President must have the power to do so.   Democrats, on March 11 of this year, debated this very measure in the  form of a bill, ironically, the same day that President Trump  instituted his ban on European travel. Because they knew the optics  would look bad, they pulled the bill down. If it was a bad bill then,  it is a bad bill today.   Congress gave the President the authority we are discussing today  when we passed, many decades ago, the Immigration and Nationality Act.  In the years since, our courts have affirmed that authority on numerous  occasions.   So why, then, do my Democratic colleagues want to take this critical  authority away?   I would like to read an excerpt from a 1986 decision out of the D.C.  Circuit, in which the court stated that the very authority we are  debating today ensures that ``the Executive would not be helpless in  the face of such a threat'' of an alien who posed a danger to the  United States.   Furthermore, the court stated that ``the President's sweeping  proclamation power thus provides a safeguard against the danger posed''  to our national security.   What far right extremist, ultraconservative judge wrote those words?  No other than Ruth Bader Ginsberg.   The safety and security of the American people should not be a  partisan issue. It ought to be everyone's highest priority. We should  not jeopardize the well-being of our citizens for the sake of political  victories. If enacted, the NO BAN Act would put American lives and our  country's national security at risk.   Madam Speaker, I will be opposing this dangerous policy, and I urge  my colleagues to oppose it is as well.   