 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss  critical parts of today's funding bill that is before us this week.  These are the result of bipartisan work that we have done. And the  Presiding Officer is a member of the Environment and Public Works  Committee, a valued member who has contributed significantly to the  legislation before us.   As chairman of that committee, I am so grateful for your  participation because I am going to talk about some things that we have  been able to do on the Environment and Public Works Committee together  and in a bipartisan way. You have done such a remarkable job with the  Save Our Seas legislation, and we continue to support that.   Now I am going to talk about a couple of additional things that are  part of this end-of-the-year legislation that we will be voting on  later this evening.   The first is historic, bipartisan climate innovation legislation. The  second is comprehensive legislation to upgrade America's water  infrastructure. So I want to talk about two different things: One is  the climate innovation legislation and then what is commonly known as  the WRDA bill, the Water Resources Development Act. Both of these  measures passed the committee with unanimous bipartisan support.   The Republicans and Democrats on this committee have worked together  to reduce emissions and to do it through innovation--not taxation, not  regulation, but do it through innovation--free market innovation, not  punishing government regulations. I believe that is the best way to go  as we address the challenges of our environment and our climate.   We have reached a historic agreement in the committee, and we will on  the floor tonight in the Senate, to include environmental innovation  provisions in this government funding bill.   The environmental innovation agreements include three specific bills  that will significantly reduce greenhouse gases. I have had the  privilege of working closely with my friend, the committee ranking  member, Tom Carper from Delaware, on each of these three.   The first is called the USE IT Act. This legislation ensures that  Washington is a willing partner in the research and the development of  carbon capture technologies and projects. Carbon capture holds the key  to significant carbon emission reductions. These captured emissions can  be used to create building materials, medical supplies, even clothing.  They can also be used to extract more natural resources to provide more  energy for all of us.   The USE IT Act is going to expedite permitting so that important  carbon capture projects can get moving. It supports the research and  the use of carbon capture. It includes direct air capture--actually,  carbon dioxide from the atmosphere--that will take carbon emissions  straight out of the air. It is very innovative.   This kind of research is now already happening in my home State of  Wyoming, in Gillette, WY, at the Integrated Test Center, which is  associated with the University of Wyoming School of Energy Resources.   I have worked closely with Senators Whitehouse and Capito and Carper  on the USE IT Act in having it passed, first, through our committee,  then through the full Senate, and tonight, in a bill that will be  ultimately sent to the President of the United States for his  signature.   The second measure, part of this innovative work, is a bill sponsored  by Ranking Member Carper to reauthorize the Diesel Emissions Reduction  Act.   This program has already significantly reduced the amount of black  carbon in our air by replacing older engines in buses--school buses and  trucks and other vehicles. This is working well. These replacement  engines make diesel equipment cleaner and more efficient.   The legislation that we will reauthorize this evening sees that this  important program will then continue all the way through the end of  2024.   The last element of our bipartisan agreement will phase down the use  of chemicals known as HFCs. These chemicals are in every home in  America, from cars to refrigerators to air conditioners.   This agreement is going to authorize a 15-year phasedown on the  production of these chemicals. Innovative breakthroughs in chemistry  have led to the development of cleaner replacement chemicals. This  legislation tonight will help protect our air while keeping costs down  for the American people.   Importantly, the agreement, the bipartisan agreement we have come up  with, safeguards the essential use of HFC chemicals when substitute  chemicals are less effective. Some examples including bear spray. We  use it in Wyoming. I know they use it in Alaska. It protects hikers. It  is also used in fire suppression systems on planes that protect  travelers. And we need it.   I know in my hometown of Casper, the defense spray manufacturer, the  Safariland Group, employs about 75 people. They use HFC chemicals to  make defense sprays. It is a critically important part of their  business.   If they were forced to use replacement chemicals, those sprays would  be far less effective. Well, if you are around a bear, you want to make  sure you have the most effective spray available. So with the changes  we have negotiated into this important bill, companies like the  Safariland Group will be able to continue making high-quality products  that people want and people need and that can save their lives.   We also made sure that the manufacturers using these chemicals have a  clear set of rules to go by--one clear set of rules to go by. So our  agreement preempts State and local laws to ensure that the specific  essentials that are being used are protected.   Now the manufacturers won't have to deal with different sets of rules  in different States, which has been a real problem. This clears that  up. The end result is clean air and clear rules. We need both of those.    I really want to thank Ranking Member Carper, Senator John Kennedy of  Louisiana for working with me to reach an agreement that will reduce  the use of HFC chemicals while protecting consumers and manufacturers  alike.   All of these three measures support market innovation. All three will  reduce greenhouse gases, and they will do it in ways that will not harm  the economy.   The government funding bill that we are going to be addressing a  little later this evening also includes bipartisan water infrastructure  legislation. I know in the Presiding Officer's home State of Alaska and  in my home State of Wyoming, water is critical, as it is across the  entire country. But you and I have focused specifically on this.   Certainly, in Wyoming, dams, levees, ports, reservoirs, and water  systems are important to every community all across the country. The  infrastructure is critical. People say the word is ``infrastructure,''  but when we think about it, what it really means is dams, ports,  reservoirs, levees, and water systems. That really, I think, shows more  what we are talking about than just this overall word  ``infrastructure.''   It protects all of us from dangerous floods and storms, while also  providing water for our families and our farms.   The government spending bill tonight includes the Water Resources  Development Act of 2020. It is the result of months of negotiations  between committee leaders from the Senate and the House of  Representatives.  [[Page S7914]]    The bipartisan legislation is fiscally responsible. It helps grow the  economy; it cuts redtape; and it makes our communities safer. It will  spur economic growth by creating jobs and by authorizing vital  projects.   In my home State of Wyoming and across the Rocky Mountain West,  access to consistent water supply is essential for ranchers and  farmers. The water that we need in our home States to grow crops and  raise cattle has to be delivered on time.   In several communities, the water reservoirs that serve farmers and  ranchers happen to be old. These aging reservoirs and irrigation  systems need maintenance or full rebuilding. This bill makes these  projects a significant priority.   The legislation will also establish a new Army Corps of Engineers  program for construction of new, small water storage projects or the  expansion of existing ones. It will also authorize the Army Corps of  Engineers to carry out sediment removal projects in water reservoirs.  This improves water quality, and it increases water quantity.   The bill authorizes projects to maintain shipping lanes, to deepen  ports, to upgrade aging dams, and to increase water storage across the  West. Maintained shipping lanes ensure that American-made goods are  shipped from the heartland to the coasts and around the world. Deepened  ports result in increased commerce. If our major ports are dredged and  deep, then more ships can use them to export more goods.   These projects that we are getting ready to adopt tonight will all  create jobs and expand commerce in America's cities and the heartland.  To ensure these important projects get moving, the bill cuts redtape to  speed up the Army Corps of Engineers' process.   The Water Resources Development Act is going to expedite the  permitting, the construction, the repair, and the maintenance of many  Army Corps projects. Communities can't afford to wait years and years  for flood management or water storage projects to be completed. They  need them now.   Finally, this legislation will make communities safer. The critical  infrastructure projects included here will help prevent damaging floods  by maintaining dams and levees. Floods can take a terrible toll in  property damage and on human life.   The legislation allows the Army Corps of Engineers to focus efforts  on fixing aging flood management infrastructure. It prioritizes the  dams and levees most at risk.   I would like to really thank the House Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee chairman, Peter DeFazio, and the ranking  member, Sam Graves, for working with us to get this legislation to the  finish line.   I want to thank Infrastructure Subcommittee Chair Capito and Ranking  Member Cardin for their work as well.   I say to the Presiding Officer, as I wrap this up and thank you for  your involvement, I want to thank every member of the Environment and  Public Works Committee, and specifically the ranking member, Tom  Carper--whose staff has worked so closely with mine--for working with  me on this bill. I am so grateful for his partnership as we have worked  together over the last 4 years as I served as chair and he served as  ranking member. We have not always agreed on every issue, but we have  respected the positions of each of us. We have worked and found common  ground, found solutions, and I believe made a real difference for the  economy and, most importantly here, the environment.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with my friend and colleague from the State of Delaware, Tom  Carper.    Mr. President, I have just recently been talking about  a number of pieces of legislation that have come through the  Environment and Public Works Committee: the water resources act, the  USE IT Act, the act called DERA to eliminate and reduce emissions from  diesels, as well as additional legislation on HFCs.   My partner in all of those is here on the floor now, and I would just  like to ask him if he would--since he has been such a great partner for  the last 4 years that I have chaired the committee--talk about this as  an accomplishment for the environment, for the committee, and for the  Senate and for the country.   So I am just kind of curious, from his standpoint, where he sees  things as a sign of success.    I thank Senator Carper. I appreciate it.   You know, it is interesting: Senator Alexander recently gave his  speech, his farewell address, and he said that sometimes politics is  like a split-screen television set. On the one half, you see all the  fighting and contention and the dysfunctional side. And on the other  side of the screen, you see the functioning side. But not many people  look at that functioning side.   What we have been able to do as a partnership on the Environment and  Public Works Committee was functional--in a bipartisan way, coming up  with solutions. As you mentioned, there were over 70 cosponsors on the  one piece of legislation. All of them, I think, got through the  committee unanimously. That is something that made no news because  there wasn't a fight. There was cooperation for the betterment--to make  sure we protected the economy and, at the same time, preserved the  environment. That is what we need do: Continue to make sure that we can  protect both and continue with economic development as well as  environmental stewardship for our Nation.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   