 Mr. President, as the majority leader said, all this  vote is about is, Shall we get on the bill? Can we debate the issue?  Can we get together to decide what to do about what is the most  significant healthcare crisis in a century in this State? Can we get on  the bill? We are saying yes; they are saying no.   The distinguished Senator from West Virginia says: What about the  people who need help? I have a friend who emailed me last night and  said: It is too late; I am closing five small businesses.   These are little businesses.   Well, why did we not vote last night on this, because in this bill is  the proposal by Senator Collins--Senator Collins, Republican; Senator  Cardin, Democrat; Senator Rubio, Republican; Senator Shaheen,  Democrat--that would loan money to small businesses of less than 500  people so they can pay their employees in West Virginia and Tennessee.  And then, if they did that, it would be forgiven. In other words, it is  a grant. They could keep working. That is for the employees. Every day  we wait, they don't get paid.   Pass this bill and the laid-off employees would be available for sick  leave, which they weren't when the bill came over from the House. Pass  this bill today and the employee who was laid off last week could be  available for 2 weeks of sick leave at today's salary.   Pass this bill and most Americans would get $1,200 per person, $2,400  a couple, $500 more for a child. They would get it one day sooner if  you passed this bill last night.   These are not controversial proposals. On the Collins-Rubio-Cardin- Shaheen proposal, I happened to be watching Robert Reich, the former  Labor Secretary for President Clinton, who is about as far to the left  as anybody goes, and someone asked him: What would be the single best  thing Congress could do to help workers get their money and be paid?   He said it is exactly what the Collins-Rubio-Cardin-Shaheen proposal  would do--loan money to those with 500 or less and let them keep  working.   As for this business about big corporations, Darden is a big  corporation. It owns lots of restaurants. Gaylord is a big corporation.  It owns Opryland. If it has a credit problem and the Federal Reserve  Board can make sure that it has enough money to stay in business, all  the people who work at the Grand Ole Opry can continue to have jobs. If  they don't, they will be out of work. What is wrong with that?   I mean, that is the goal. Whether you work for a big company or a  little company, you are still an American citizen--whether you work for  FedEx or the local diner.   And as far as solving the problem of the disease--and then I will let  others speak--pass this bill and 1 day sooner we would have $10 billion  to accelerate treatments. Treatments are what we need. We could  accelerate vaccines. Vaccines are what we eventually need. Pass this  bill and we would have $75 billion for hospitals and $10 billion for  those diagnostic treatments I just mentioned. We would have $1.7  billion to buy more masks.   All of that could happen 1 day sooner if the other side wasn't trying  to attach its political agenda to a crisis bill. This is no time to be  running a political campaign.   As the majority leader said, the House--dominated by Democrats--sent  us their ideas. We passed it through without a single amendment, even  though we didn't agree with many of their ideas. We worked for days  with our counterparts on the Democratic side and proposed a bill with  their ideas, such as unemployment compensation, at $600 per person.  That is twice as much as you get in unemployment compensation without  this bill in Tennessee.   Finally, I would say this: Pass this bill and 1 day sooner a  Tennessee worker, instead of getting $326, would get nearly $1,000 if  he or she has been laid off. There is no excuse for delaying getting on  this bill. It is outrageous that it will happen.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    My question will be short.   Is it not true that the bill to which the Senator refers was still  being written over the weekend, and it would have been impossible for  the U.S. Senate to vote on it before Monday?    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from North Dakota.   I have a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. President, the discussion we just heard was about  when the Senate could have voted on H.R. 6201, which was the bill that  came over from the House.   When did that bill from the House of Representatives arrive in the  U.S. Senate?    On Tuesday, the 17th.   And my second question is, Could the U.S. Senate have voted on that  bill before it arrived from the House of Representatives?    Did anyone ask consent that it be voted on before  Wednesday?  [[Page S1927]]     I thank the Senator from North Dakota.   