 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Our adversaries sow disinformation in our society and  seek to influence our elections. Vladimir Putin will stop at nothing to  diminish Western democracies. A resurgent China wants to take America's  place on the world stage. But the gravest threat to our democracy right  now does not come from any foreign capital; it comes from our own. The  gravest threat to democracy in America is President Donald Trump.   Yesterday, at a news conference, President Trump refused to commit to  the peaceful transfer of power should he lose the election in 41 days.  Let me repeat that. Yesterday, at a news conference, President Trump  refused to commit to a peaceful transfer of power should he lose the  election in 41 days. ``Well, we're going to have to see what happens,''  he said. ``I've been complaining very strongly about the ballots, and  the ballots are a disaster.''  [[Page S5845]]    Pressed further, the President said: ``Get rid of the ballots . . .  there won't be a transfer, frankly. There will be a continuation.''   ``Get rid of the ballots . . . there won't be a transfer, frankly.  There will be a continuation.''   Those are all his words: Get rid of voting; get rid of the ballots.  Just let him stay in power whatever illicit way he chooses to do so.  That is what he is saying.   Now, everyone from school children to the most senior among us knows  that the peaceful transfer of power is one of democracy's core  attributes. There is no democracy without it. Like the rule of law, the  separation of powers, checks and balances, everything we have learned  that is great and noble about our system in government, President Trump  has sullied, diminished, and now he threatens to actually dismantle.  The greatest threat to American democracy right now is Donald Trump.   The President issued similar threats in the runup to the 2016  election, and he is doing it again now. If I win, the election is  legitimate, argues the President, but if I lose, it is rigged. That is  what he is saying now--again: If I win, the election is legitimate, but  if I lose, it is rigged. By the way, I may just stay in office and not  count the ballots.   Unbelievable.   The gravest threat to American democracy right now is President  Trump. Save for a few, the Republican majority here in the Senate  practically brushes by it: They don't know the full context. Oh, the  President says crazy things. Maybe he was joking.   They are willing to continue ramming through a Supreme Court Justice  whom the President said is needed ``before the election . . . because  [the election] will be before the United States Supreme Court.''   Where are our Republican colleagues? This is not a partisan issue.  Democracy is at stake. Every constituent from every corner of the land,  regardless of party or ideology, should be asking the Republican  Senators to speak out and demand that Donald Trump not be allowed to do  what he says he is going to do and say they will join all of America in  standing in the way if he tries.   The most innocent interpretation of the President's comments is that  he is just trying to get people not to vote: Mail-in voting is  ``rigged.'' I am going to stay anyway, he cries. ``Twelve more years,''  they chant at his rallies--all to erode American faith in the election  and discourage Americans from voting. It doesn't matter how false, it  doesn't matter how undemocratic, it doesn't matter how corrosive it is  to our democracy, the President doesn't care. It is his own ego and  nothing else. The President says it if he thinks it will help him win.  That is the most innocent interpretation.   If you take the President at his word, he wants to throw out ballots,  refuse the peaceful transfer of power, and rush through a Supreme Court  Justice to ensure that they could rule in his favor if the election is  contested. That is him at his word.   According to a new article in The Atlantic magazine, some Republicans  are actually considering a scheme to override the will of the voters in  certain States. Under this nefarious scheme, if the President loses a  State controlled by Republicans, they would ignore the result; they  would ignore what the voters ask for and send a rival slate of electors  to Washington instead, deliberately provoking a constitutional crisis.   Every American should read this article.   Mr. President, I refer my colleagues to this link for the article:  https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2020/11/what-if-trump- refuses-concede/616424/  If you read these facts in a story about Belarus or Hungary, you  might not bat an eye, but this is America. This is America. And here in  America, our elections are sacrosanct. The peaceful transfer of power  is our lifeblood. The rule of law is the very foundation of our  society. These currents run deep in our veins and are far stronger than  the flimsy authoritarianism of President Trump.   President Trump, you are not a dictator, and America will not permit  you to be one. We will not permit you to be one.   This November, we will have an election. The votes will be counted.  It may take a little longer than usual because so many people will vote  by mail because of COVID, but the votes will be counted. There are  numerous lawsuits making sure it happens, and those lawsuits are  succeeding. The results of the election must be accepted. The peaceful  transfer of power must follow. Otherwise, we will lose our democracy.   At this perilous moment, every Republican in this Chamber should  stand up and say that a President who isn't entirely sure if he will  commit to a peaceful transfer of power isn't a President at all. Stand  up and say he is wrong and that you don't want to live in a country  where he is right. Pledge to uphold the pillars of our country. If  Republicans stand up and say this is wrong, that may--may--be able to  sway this President or his followers from repeating these attacks.   And there is something every citizen can do, particularly those who  are alarmed or discouraged by what President Trump said this week:  Vote. The President cannot deny your right to vote. The answer to these  naked threats to our democracy is more democracy: Vote.   Don't let Trump intimidate or discourage you. Vote. Vote like our  democracy is on the line because it is.   Vote, vote, vote.   