 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the updated  Heroes Act (H.R. 925), a stimulus package that rises to the seriousness  of the crisis that our Nation is facing.   I am pleased that this legislation once again provides economic  relief for American families by providing stimulus checks, restoring  and expanding the weekly $600 federal unemployment payments through  next January, improving unemployment benefits for contract and mixed  income workers, bolstering housing assistance through direct rent  relief, and strengthening food access for families disproportionately  impacted by the pandemic through a 15 percent increase in SNAP  benefits. The updated Heroes Act also includes robust support for small  businesses by improving the Paycheck Protection Program and providing  the hardest-hit small businesses, non-profits, and entrepreneurs with  second loans.   I am incredibly proud that this package contains two pieces of  legislation that I cosponsored to provide additional targeted  assistance for struggling restaurants and live venues--the Restaurants  Act and the Save Our Stages Act New York City independent restaurants  and live entertainment venues and theaters have been devastated by the  economic impacts of the pandemic, and this bill will provide the  immediate relief they need to ensure they can survive as the lifeblood  of our city and our neighborhoods. After leading the call for robust  funding for our public transit agencies, I am pleased that this package  contains substantial assistance for the MTA, which will allow it to  continue operations into 2021. The economic relief in the updated  Heroes Act is vital to New York City's ability to rebuild and restore  its economy.   In addition to economic relief, the updated Heroes Act invests in the  health and safety of the American people by providing an additional $75  billion for testing and tracing, an additional $28 billion to procure a  safe and effective vaccine and strengthening worker safety protections.  The package also includes provisions that will protect unemployed  Americans losing their employer-provided health insurance by ensuring  they receive the maximum ACA subsidy on the healthcare exchanges. The  updated Heroes Act provides additional support by creating a special  enrollment period in the ACA exchanges for unemployed Americans.   After fighting for urgently needed funding for New York City's  schools, I am proud that this package includes $182 billion for K-12  schools, $39 billion to higher education institutions, and $57 billion  to support childcare for families. The package also includes  desperately needed funding for museums and libraries and targeted  funding to support research universities that are leading clinical  research into improving COVID-19 management.   Finally, I am proud that this legislation invests in safeguarding our  democracy by fully funding the Postal Service, providing states with  new resources to safeguard the safety and security of our elections,  and ensuring the integrity of the 2020 Census.   It's been more than four months since House Democrats gathered on  this floor to pass a $3.4 trillion COVID-19 relief package that  included urgent funding to protect the lives and livelihoods of  American families. Unfortunately, Mitch McConnell and Senate  Republicans failed to pass that bill and chose instead to ``wait and  see'' how much worse the pandemic could get. Well they waited and they  saw, and they still did nothing, even as the pandemic spread and  millions of Americans remained out of work. Since House Democrats  passed the stimulus package in May, the U.S. COVID-19 death toll has  more than doubled to top 200,000. The American people are demanding  relief, and it is long past time for Congress to assist them. I urge my  colleagues across this aisle to stop playing politics and accept this  robust and reasonable compromise for the good of the American people.   I urge my colleagues to vote Yay.   