 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend, the  distinguished gentlewoman from the Seventh Congressional District of  the great State of New York and the chairwoman of the Small Business  Committee, for yielding and for her tremendous leadership.   I rise in support of H.R. 5065, the Prison to Proprietorship for  Formerly Incarcerated Act.   Here in America, we have a mass incarceration epidemic. Last  Congress, we worked in a bipartisan fashion to pass the First Step Act  to help propel formerly incarcerated individuals toward success when  they return home, to reduce recidivism, and to save taxpayer dollars.  But the First Step Act was just that, a first step.   That is why, together, we introduced the Prison to Proprietorship for  Formerly Incarcerated Act, to address one of the many challenges faced  by returning citizens. This bill is designed to make sure that formerly  incarcerated individuals can use their God-given skills, talent, and  ability to bring business and entrepreneurial activities to life in  their communities.   Throughout our Federal Bureau of Prisons system, there are  incarcerated individuals who have the same intellect, the same ability,  and the same resiliency as some of the most successful people on Wall  Street back home in New York. The difference between them can often be  as simple as a lack of opportunity, not a lack of entrepreneurial  spirit.   That is what this legislation is designed to change. This bill will  make sure that we provide opportunities to those who have been left  behind. It is designed to make sure that the American Dream is  accessible for formerly incarcerated individuals, their families, and  their communities.   This effort, of course, is consistent with our core values here in  America, where we believe that hard work and dedication should be  rewarded and that opportunities should be available to everyone.   H.R. 5065 directs the Service Corps of Retired Executives, otherwise  known as SCORE, to provide mentoring, workshops, and training videos  for formerly incarcerated individuals on how to launch and grow a small  business. It would provide individualized business mentoring to support  the development of business plans and entrepreneurial growth for  recipients of prison-to-proprietorship services up to a year after  their release, connect these individuals with small business networks  and resources, and identify opportunities to access capital.   Madam Speaker, I thank, again, Chairwoman Velazquez and Ranking  Member Chabot of the Small Business Committee for their tremendous  leadership in this effort. I also thank the lead Republican,  Representative Burchett from Tennessee, for his great leadership.   A philosopher once said: Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a  day, but teach him to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime. That is  what this effort ultimately is all about.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 5065 and  lift up formerly incarcerated returning citizens by providing them with  entrepreneurial resources.   