 Madam Speaker, I do have to say that I am  disappointed and, frankly, saddened to stand here today to point out my  disappointment that we are debating a bill that I think many would  consider to be unrealistic and certainly highly unlikely to become  designated as a solution or even achieved to be a solution to the  issues we are facing today.   Madam Speaker, as my colleague from New York already pointed out, no  Republican input was sought on this--zero. Zilch. And it is  unfortunate, especially at a time such as this where our country is  wanting us to come together to form solutions that are effective and  can positively impact our country.   We, on the Republican side, stand ready on a bipartisan basis to  accomplish our goals of safely reopening schools, safely reopening  childcare centers so that our children can learn, grow, develop, and  their parents can return to work. We agree. Access to safe, affordable  childcare is essential to getting Americans back to work and a strong  economic recovery.    Madam Speaker, the bill we are considering  today is not a path forward. It is a rehash of partisan ideas. We can  do better. The American people expect us to do better. Republicans have  constructive ideas to offer with demonstrated bipartisan support.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman  yielding me time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Water Resources Development  Act of 2020. I appreciate the Committee on Transportation and  Infrastructure bringing us a strong bipartisan product, of which you  have heard. This meets the water management needs across our country.   The Third District of Nebraska was heavily impacted by unprecedented  flooding last year. These floods ravaged farmland, destroyed essential  infrastructure, like highways, water treatment plants, and levees that  had withstood the test of time for decades. The Army Corps of Engineers  has worked within their authority to address these water management  issues around our State; however, they have not been able to address  every concern.   I appreciate the chairman and ranking member working with me to  ensure inactive levees have an opportunity to receive assistance from  the Army Corps of Engineers if they meet certain criteria. Peru,  Nebraska, is one of the many communities that could be helped by this  legislative language.   Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  bipartisan bill.   