 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  Congressman Ted Budd for calling this Special Order and for introducing  the Justice for Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act.   One of my top priorities is to secure our border and restore the rule  of law in our immigration system. We are one of the most blessed  nations on the face of the Earth, and we have one of the best and most  generous legal immigration systems out there.   We allow more than a million people to come through the system  legally each year. On top of that, we have almost a million students  here on student visas, studying in our colleges and universities.   We are a Nation of laws, and just as every American citizen is held  accountable under the law for the crimes they commit, so should every  alien who comes across that border illegally. That is why I am proud to  be a cosponsor of the Justice for Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act.   This bill holds illegal aliens in sanctuary cities accountable for  the heinous crimes they commit on American soil. Specifically, this  bill allows victims to sue the sanctuary city where the crime took  place.   It is alarming that we shield illegal aliens from the consequences of  violating Federal law, yet an American citizen who commits a crime is  held accountable under the law. This must end, and we must give the  victims of these horrific crimes the justice they deserve.   To further end the harmful practices of sanctuary cities, I am also a  proud cosponsor of the Ending Sanctuary Cities Act. This bill prohibits  Federal grant funding to any city or county that violates Federal  immigration law.   I am proud to support two critical bills that take steps toward  preventing future violent and unprovoked crimes by illegal immigrants.   I thank President Trump for his leadership in fighting against the  cruelty of sanctuary cities by stating his support for the Justice for  Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act during his State of the Union Address.   This should not be a partisan issue, as no one is above the law.   I stand with my colleagues and President Trump. We must fix our  broken immigration system, continue building the wall, and strengthen  our immigration laws for the safety and security of the American  people.   I will continue fighting against sanctuary cities and their abuse of  our great Nation.   