 Mr. President, I would like to spend a few minutes  talking about the nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to be an  Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. It is horribly newsworthy  to say that Judge Barrett's confirmation vote will not be unanimous. It  should be. It won't be.   If you judged Judge Barrett solely on her intellect and her academic  achievements, certainly her nomination should be unanimous. Any  fairminded person would have to be impressed. She is an honors graduate  of St. Mary's Dominican High School in New Orleans, one of the finest  schools in this country. She is an honors graduate of Rhodes College in  Memphis, an extraordinary liberal arts school. She is an honors  graduate of Notre Dame Law School. She finished first in her class. She  clerked for two of the most distinguished jurists in this country--the  late Justice Scalia and Judge Silberman. She was a chaired professor at  Notre Dame Law School. She is now a member of the Seventh Circuit Court  of Appeals. Any fairminded person who reads her legal writings and her  opinions would come away impressed.   If you judged Judge Barrett solely on her integrity, her confirmation  vote should be unanimous. We all watched her almost 30 hours of  testimony. We all know now about her beautiful family. She has seven  beautiful children, two of whom are adopted and two of whom happen to  be children of color. She is a devout Christian.   If you talk to her former students, to her colleagues, and to her  critics, who know her well, they will all tell you that she is a person  of integrity. And if you don't want to believe any of those people--I  wish you could, and I know the Presiding Officer can--but I wish the  American people could see her FBI background check. The Presiding  Officer and I know that when the FBI checks your background, it is kind  of a combination between an endoscopy and a colonoscopy. They are  pretty thorough. There is not a hint of scandal.   If Judge Barrett were being judged on the basis of her temperament,  she would be a unanimous choice as well. We saw that in her 30 hours of  testimony. She listens well. She answers truthfully. She suffers fools  gladly. I was just so impressed watching her.   The reason that Judge Barrett will not be a unanimous choice, at  least within this body, has to do with a little bit of history. This is  one person's point of view, but I think history will prove that I am  correct. For the last 60 years in America, we have been moving from a  representative government and more to what I will call declarative  government. We, as you know, are a democracy. We are not a pure  democracy, unlike Athens, for example. When we have to make a decision  on social or economic policy, each of us doesn't put on a fresh toga  and go down to the forum or the public square and vote. We elect  representatives to make those decisions for us at the Federal level.  They are called Members of Congress, and they are accountable. The  people have given their power to our representatives, and if those  representatives don't exercise that power in making social and economic  policy, those representatives can be unelected.   But in the last 60 years, in some cases voluntarily and in some cases  involuntarily, this body, the U.S. Congress, which under our  Constitution is supposed to make social and economic policy as  representatives of the people, has, as I said, in some cases  voluntarily and in some cases involuntarily, ceded our power--ceded it  to the administrative state and to the judiciary.   Let me talk for a moment about the administrative state. Some would  call it the bureaucracy. The bureaucracy now at the Federal level is a  giant rogue beast. It enjoys power once only known by Kings and Queens.  The administrative state makes its own laws, called rules; interprets  its own laws; and enforces its own laws before judges that the  bureaucracy itself appoints. We in the U.S. Congress have allowed that.  The judiciary has helped the administrative state gather that power as  well.   As you know, there is a rule called the Chevron doctrine. I won't  bore you with the details, but it basically says that if the  administrative state--the bureaucracy--interprets a rule or regulation  or even a statute in a ``reasonable way,'' whatever that is, the  judiciary is going to defer to them. The U.S. Congress has also ceded  much of its power to the judiciary, and we have had many Federal judges  that greedily accepted it.   The reason that we will not have a unanimous vote for this eminently  qualified nominated jurist is because of that. Some people in America  and some of my colleagues like the fact that the U.S. Supreme Court,  for the last 60 years, has not demonstrated judicial restraint.   Now, I am not going to stand here and tell you that the U.S. Supreme  Court doesn't make law. Of course it makes law. It makes law in a  particular case--one side wins; one side loses. Sometimes the U.S.  Supreme Court makes law at the direction of Congress and at the  direction of our Founders.    Our Constitution only prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures.  We look to Federal judges to the U.S. Supreme Court to tell us what  ``reasonable'' and ``unreasonable'' means, but in all cases our Federal  judges and the U.S. Supreme Court is supposed to demonstrate judicial  restraint. When it is a close question, when it is a matter of social-- major social or economic policy, then the Federal judiciary is supposed  to show deference to the U.S. Congress, but more and more it does not.   Some Americans like that. Some of my colleagues in this Chamber like  that. They think that the U.S. Supreme Court ought to be a mini- Congress. They think that the U.S. Supreme Court should be a political  body. They like the fact that if they can't pass a law changing social  and economic policy through the U.S. Congress, they get a second bite  at the apple and can go to the U.S. Supreme Court. I don't believe that  is constitutional nor does Judge Barrett, I have concluded after 30  hours of testimony, and that is why her confirmation will not be  unanimous in this body.   Let me tell you what I believe--and I will preface this by saying,  after listening to Judge Barrett for 30 hours, this is what I believe  she believes: I believe that Madison and his colleagues got it right. I  believe that we should have three equal branches of government. I  believe we should have checks and balances. I believe that just because  those  [[Page S6460]]  branches of government are equal, that doesn't mean they are the same.  I think their Founders intended each of those branches to have their  own special role, scope, and mission.   I also believe that our Founders felt they were laying the foundation  for a representative democracy, that Congress would make the important  economic and social policy in this country; that when we talk about how  societies meet our human needs, our Americans meet their human needs in  terms of security, education, work, health, and well-being, that those  decisions would be made by the people, not by the judiciary or the  bureaucracy. They would then be made by people through their elective  representatives.   I believe that our Founders intended Federal judges' role to be to  tell us what the law is as enacted by Congress, not what the law ought  to be. I believe our Founders intended for Federal judges to call the  balls and the strikes--sometimes in doing so making law in a particular  case, but to call the balls and the strikes, as Justice Roberts put it.  And in doing so, I don't believe our Founders intended for Federal  judges to be able to draw their own strike zone.   I do not believe that our Founders intended for Federal judges to be  politicians in robes. I do not believe that our Founders intended  Federal judges--and, certainly, not members of the U.S. Supreme Court-- to be able to rewrite the U.S. Constitution to satisfy some political  or social agenda every other Thursday that the American people will not  accept through their elected Members of this body and the House of  Representatives. It is called judicial restraint.   Judge Barrett shares it. It is controversial. It shouldn't be. But  that is why, in my judgment, her confirmation vote will not be  unanimous. I will be voting for Judge Barrett. I will be doing so  enthusiastically.   She is one of the finest legal minds I have ever seen, and she  understands the role of the U.S. Supreme Court under our Constitution.   I yield the floor to the senior Senator from Vermont.   