 Mr. President, I have been here for 5 years. I came from  another world, one in which, to get anything done, you had to  compromise. The problem we have today is that I can't find any partners  with whom to compromise.   This bill has been characterized as another bailout for large  corporations. Really? That is the most amazing characterization I could  hear today.   When I look at this, what this bill is focused on is the American  worker, who, in the time we have been debating this morning here,  thousands have had phone calls given to them today by their employer to  say: We are sorry, but because of the liquidity situation we have,  there is no demand for our products or services. We need you to go  home.   That has been going on now for weeks, while we sit up here and talk  and blame each other for things.   The time for action is right now. This bill gives us an opportunity  to bring over almost $2 trillion of liquidity to the American people  who are in need. This is not about Big Business. As a matter of fact, I  don't see any grants in here. What I see are liquidity opportunities so  employers can keep their relationship with the employees.   We have already heard the details today: direct payments of $300  billion directly to individuals, $250 billion for 3 months of  unemployment insurance--unprecedented--$350 billion going directly to  small businesses. Why? So that they can keep their employees employed,  even if they are furloughed.   There are $500 billion being made available for loans through our  banking community. This is federally guaranteed loans. These are not  grants. These are not moneys that are going to go to the boards and the  executives and all that. This is money that is going for the purpose of  getting directly to payroll.   There are $517 billion of tax deferrals on withholding taxes on the  corporate side. That is a 1-year deferral. That is not a guarantee; it  is not a grant.   There are $250 billion of other moneys, 180 of which is going to  cities and municipalities and States.   And I agree with the assistant leader of the Democratic Party that we  might need to do more for our States, and let's get to it, if that is  the biggest issue here, but that is not the biggest issue. There are so  many of these other things that are being thrown in this bill because  it is a big bill; it is unprecedented.   But let me just say this: What we have done is try to make this a  situation where we can avoid a liquidity crisis causing an insolvency  crisis, and that is the most damaging thing we can do to the American  worker.   At the end of the day, the American worker has something that they  all have in common. They have an employer. That employer is made up of  investors, just like you and I, who invest in those companies who  employ these people.   This is not a government employing 150 million people in our  workforce.  [[Page S1926]]  This is about getting the American economy a bridge--and that is all  this is, is a bridge to weather this medical crisis that we have.   I yield the floor.   