 Madam Speaker, first of all, I want to echo all the  points made by Mr. Walden in his opening statement.   A decade ago, ObamaCare became the law of the land. This massive,  near government takeover of our Nation's healthcare system came full of  empty promises.   President Obama and Congressional Democrats famously promised  Americans that if you liked your doctor, you can keep your doctor. That  turned out not to be true. Millions of Americans lost access to their  doctors as insurances have resorted to narrowing networks.   And instead of seeing premiums decrease by $2,500, as President Obama  promised, American families have seen premiums and deductibles  skyrocket. Americans deserve an accessible and affordable healthcare  system that promotes quality care and peace of mind, not a system that  is a downpayment on socialized, one-size-fits-all single-payer  healthcare system that would put the government in charge of one of the  most personal decisions families will ever make.   Rather than working to find bipartisan solutions for patients,  Democrats are choosing to double-down on ObamaCare's biggest flaws. I  will focus on drug pricing.   They are planning to give Washington the power to set drug prices.  Well, we know that nonpartisan analysis has determined that this would  result in fewer medicines being developed and fewer cures.   As a physician, I have had to share bad news with families. I know  all too well that by eliminating just one new drug, how devastating  that would be. What if that new drug was a cure for Alzheimer's, sickle  cell anemia, cancer, ALS, or maybe even a vaccine for COVID-19?   If Democrats want to get serious about addressing our Nation's  healthcare problems and lowering prescription drug prices, a good place  to start would be H.R. 19, bipartisan legislation that would lower out- of-pocket spending, protect access to new and innovative cures, and  increase transparency.   We can turn America's healthcare system around with common sense,  patient-centered solutions. Sadly, H.R. 1425 puts the Federal  Government at the center, not the patient.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   