 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in disbelief--disbelief--that we are back  here again wasting Americans' time considering a stimulus package that  has absolutely no chance of ever becoming law. The first Heroes Act was  bad enough, and this version may actually be worse.   Unfortunately, the Speaker wrote this bill without any input from the  rest of Congress. Americans want a bipartisan response, and we stand  ready to deliver it, but that is impossible when the Speaker writes  bills all on her own.   Now, whether they will admit it or not, I know my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle are equally disappointed with this partisan  process. In fact, 21 Democrats signed on to a letter urging the Speaker  to work with Republicans to find a compromise, and yet here we go again  with a 2,000-page version of the Heroes Act filled with the same  radical proposals and poison pills that, again, I cannot support.   Here are the facts: The Heroes Act provides PPP loans to bail out  Planned Parenthood, bans States from legislating their own voter ID  laws, releases illegal immigrants from prison and then allows them to  receive stimulus checks from the government. Also, it releases  thousands of Federal inmates back out onto the street. It even defunds  police support that was in the previous bill.   A Heroes Act? Hardly. These are just a few of the reasons why, as a  former first responder, I could never support this legislation.   There is a solution I support, and it is sitting right on the  Speaker's desk waiting to be brought to the floor. My colleagues  introduced a simple, clean piece of legislation to make available  another round of PPP loans with the $137 billion that is left in that  program. Who in this Congress would not support that?   Mr. Speaker, I urge Speaker Pelosi to bring a bipartisan bill to the  floor so we can get assistance to those struggling American families  who deserve our support.   