 Mr. President, I received a call a few hours ago from  someone I  [[Page S2039]]  have known for a long time, a gentleman who I would say is in his  early- to mid-nineties. He wanted me to stop saying that what we are  facing is an unprecedented challenge. I was taken aback. I mean, none  of us have ever lived through anything like this or confronted a  situation that is as painful or so traumatic. He challenged me to do  something that I had actually done a few years ago, but as it shows,  even a few years erodes memory about things that happened long in the  past. He challenged me to say: You know, everybody is comparing this  to--the last time we had something like this, it required the Nation to  react like we did in World War II. So it caused me to go back and look  a little bit at the years before that great and bloody conflict.   It is interesting. In the years leading up to 1941, President  Roosevelt had an effort to pack the Supreme Court. It was incredibly  controversial and ended up falling apart in 1937. It ended up falling  apart actually because members of his own party turned against him, and  it actually weakened him in the tail end of the second deal.   President Roosevelt was so upset about what members of his own party  had done to him that in 1938, he did something unprecedented at the  time. He got involved in Democratic primaries and tried to defeat--take  out--members of his own party who had opposed him. Not only did he lose  badly in that effort--I think he won only 1 of those seats that he went  after--as a result of what he did, his party lost 6 seats in the Senate  and 71 seats in the House. Ultimately, in this very Chamber, a  Republican, Robert Taft, was able to put together a coalition with  conservative Democrats and basically block President Roosevelt's agenda  leading in to 1940.   Then, in 1940, Roosevelt did something else that was unprecedented  and highly controversial. He announced, although it was legal, that he  was running for a third term. He was, at that point, defying a long  precedent that had been set by the Nation's first President.   Then, to make matters even more interesting, his own Vice President,  who had turned on him on the Court issue, he had to kick off the  ballot. In fact, he told them: If you nominate him as Vice President, I  will refuse the nomination.   Ultimately, he was reelected on a promise. Ultimately, he was  reelected by a pretty big margin, but he had to make a promise: I will  keep this country out of war.   This sets the stage going into November and December 1940. The  President had spent the last 3 years battling his own party. He had  seen his own agenda slowed and stifled and then had to kick off his own  Vice President. After getting involved in primaries against his own  party, he loses a large number of seats in the House and in the Senate  and has a coalition form against him to block him. And then has to make  a promise--we are not going to war--all the while understanding that  what is happening in Europe would eventually reach us, and he was  preparing for war.   Why he made that promise was pretty fundamental. Going to war was not  popular in this country. Millions of Americans, particularly those--at  the time, you couldn't really travel abroad--who had no connections to  Europe, looked at World War I as a European war and looked at the  Second World War as just another trick to get America sucked back into  a war that had to do with Europeans and not with them.   Prominent voices--chief among them, Charles Lindbergh--traveled the  country blasting the President as a warmonger in the strongest possible  terms. There was actually a student antiwar movement. Now, not as many  people went to college at that time as did in the 1960s, but it was  really a precursor to that very movement. Why? Because these young  people in college were the ones who were going to be sent to war if  there was one, and they wanted no part of it.   Then, in the blink of an eye, at 7:48 a.m., on the December 7, 1941,  the Japanese attacked the U.S. Naval Base at Pearl Harbor. They sunk  four of our battleships. We lost almost 200 airplanes, and 2,300  Americans perished on that very day. Even to the end of the war, it  remained the third bloodiest day of that very bloody conflict.   America was not ready for war. They had started a draft by a one-vote  margin. They were able to vote it into place. They had begun some basic  rearmament, but we had lost a significant percentage of our Pacific  fleet.   Frankly, to this day, there are legitimate questions not about  whether the Roosevelt administration knew in advance that this was  happening and allowed the attack to happen--no, those are conspiracy  theories--but that they should have known. This was a massive  intelligence failure. In fact, up to 30 minutes before that attack, the  Ambassador to Japan was here negotiating with the United States over an  oil embargo.   America, by the way, was not a society of peace. This was a nation  deeply divided, a segregated nation that discriminated against citizens  of color. There were very serious labor disputes going on throughout  the country. Many still wore the scars of a deep and painful economic  depression.   Yet, in the blink of an eye, this Nation was confronted with an enemy  and had no choice but to put aside all that had happened to that  point--everything, all the problems it had with the President, all the  problems they had with each other. Even those Americans who had been  discriminated against were willing to do that, which is a tremendous  testament to the contribution they made to the effort to win that  conflict.   In the blink of an eye, literally every aspect of American life was  changed overnight. Think about it. One minute you are a student  demanding that we stay out of war, and the next you are volunteering  for service. One minute you are a housewife, you are a retiree, and the  next minute you are back at work or at work for the first time in your  life at a factory making munitions or something else needed for the war  effort.   Schoolkids, children were put to work on farms because so many people  had left farming to move and fulfill the industrial jobs because the  men who would have otherwise filled those jobs were now wearing a  uniform and dying by the hundreds every day and then by the thousands,  all over the world.   We rationed food. There was food rationing. You could only eat so  much. A family only got so much. Gasoline was rationed. I think it was  3 gallons a week, if I am not mistaken. Clothes were rationed.   The government stepped in and said: You can't build kitchen  appliances--no refrigerators, no ovens, no vacuum cleaners--none of it.  We need all of our industrial capacity to fight and win a war.   People on the coasts--and you still see old pictures of this to this  day--off Miami Beach, off New York, had to turn their lights off at  night and close the shades of their windows because there were German  U-boats just off our east coast.   People were asked to make tremendous sacrifices--not for 3 months,  not for 6 weeks, but for over 3 years and longer. The sacrifice that  was ultimately, perhaps, the greatest of all was that they sent their  sons and fathers off to die in defense of this country and of our  freedoms.   I do not mean to diminish the challenges that are being asked of us  now. There aren't 5 minutes that go by that I don't get a call, a text,  or an email from a small business that, just 2 weeks ago, was having  its best year ever, talking about hiring new people, and now they are  bankrupt. They are done. They are finished, and they may never reopen  again.   From a young couple I talked about earlier today in the video that I  made, 2 weeks ago, they were recently married and planning to start a  family. Both had good careers. The next minute, they were both out of a  job, not sure if the place they were working will ever exist again, not  knowing where to go.   One minute you are the father in a family or the mother in a family  who has never had a day in your life where you were not employed by  someone, and the next you are being told: Go to a website. Call this  number. You need to go get unemployment. They don't know how to do it.  They have never done it.   So I do not mean to diminish the sacrifices that our people are  already making. I simply mean to put it in perspective and also to give  a little bit of clarity as to what will be required of us  [[Page S2040]]  to win this war because, in the end, our enemy is not a nation-state.  It doesn't wear a uniform. But it has invaded our Nation in a way that  has required us to do things we have not been asked to do, or anything  close to it, since late 1941.   So what are the lessons to be taken by that era in our history, by  the call I got today saying: Stop saying this is unprecedented   The lesson to be taken is, No. 1, in moments like this, government  action matters. It is important that we have a functioning government  that can address problems in the space in which government must act.  That is what is being asked of us here today.   What is being asked of us is not to pass a perfect bill or to pass  legislation that will cure the virus or to pass a law that has  everything we have ever wanted. What is being asked of us is this: Can  you function as a government? Can you do the most basic things that a  society needs from its elected leaders at a moment of true crisis? Can  you do that?   So far, for 3 days, the answer, sadly, has been no. I hope the answer  at the end of this day will be different.   The second thing it teaches us is that you cannot confront a  challenge such as this with just government. That war was not just won  because of political leaders or our Armed Forces. It was a whole-of- society effort. Every day, Americans were being asked to do things they  had never done before, in places they had never been--not just to make  sacrifices from what they couldn't have but sacrifices in what they  were asked to do affirmatively.   It will require the same of us now. I want to tell you, there are  people already doing that, as we speak. The examples are too long to  mention, but all over this country there are people who are doing  extraordinary things--stepping up, doing more than they have ever  done--because they have to. They know they must.   I have no doubt that if our government leaders do their job and are  willing to do their part and provide people transparent, clear,  truthful guidelines about what we face and what lies ahead and what is  expected of them, they may not be happy and people may not be excited  about it, but they will do it. I know they will do it. They are already  doing it.   The third lesson is the awesome power of our country when a diverse  population of go-getters--the most creative people to have ever walked  the Earth--put aside their differences to confront a threat they face  in common.   Again, that is not possible, you can't ask that of a society, you  can't ask people to put aside their differences, to put aside the  trivial, to put aside the things they don't agree on and to focus on  the one thing that threatens us all--you can't ask them to do that if  you are not willing to do it yourself. And it appears--at least, up to  this moment--that we have failed to do it. I hope today is a difference  in that regard. We shall see.   But it takes me back to the point I made originally: What is our job  in this?   Well, let me say that we--when I say ``we,'' those of us in  government at every level--are asking of our people to do some very  difficult things. We are asking high school seniors, including one who  lives in my home, to be the first in I don't know how many generations  that will not have a prom, will not have a senior trip, will not have a  graduation. Now, I know all those things may seem trivial and may pale  in comparison to World War II, but for a 17-year-old, these are rites  of passage, and there are many high school seniors in this country who  will not get that this year.   We are going to ask small businesses and have asked them already: You  need to close your doors. You can't open. You can't work. You can't  make money. You can't allow customers to come in.   We have asked people not to go to work. In fact, we have told them  not to leave their homes. Over half this country is on an order: Don't  leave your house unless you are going to the doctor, the pharmacy, the  gas station, or the grocery store.   We are asking nurses and doctors to confront a virus that can infect  them and their families and kill them and their families, just like  anybody else--to do so, on double shifts, oftentimes without the gear  and the equipment to protect them.   We are asking truckdrivers to drive all night--also vulnerable to the  virus, also worried about all the other things all of us are worried  about--to drive all night because tomorrow those shelves need to be  stocked with all the things that people are buying because they are  afraid it is going to run out.   How can we ask that of our society if, for 3\1/2\ days, we can't even  vote on a law, we can't even walk to the front of this place and lift  our finger up or down and say yes or no? We can't even do that-- spending the taxpayers' money, on behalf of the taxpayers, in a moment  of critical crisis?   I don't mean to be negative, because, frankly, I hope that today is  the day we will get this solved, but there are still other people who  have to weigh in here--in the House, outside commentators, people still  emailing and texting: Can we change this? Can we change that?   I just don't know how we can ask people to do all these things we  need to ask them to do and, in return, tell them, by the way, we are  going to take our sweet time to do our part. And our part is the  easiest one.   You can just imagine this. Extrapolate what we are facing now and  take it back to 1941. Imagine if, back then, people would have been  saying: Boy, this is a great chance. This is a good opportunity to get  back at FDR. This is a great opportunity now. He is in war. Let's roll  back the New Deal. Let's really stick it to him for what he did 6 years  ago with our Court thing.   Or there is the reverse. If he would have said: Boy, this is a good  opportunity to use the war powers the President has to steamroll my  political opponents and put in place whatever I want and run them over.   Imagine if we were saying that we need to build a lot of ships, but I  am not going to vote to build it unless you are building it in my  State.   I don't want to go any deeper into that because I don't mean to say  that some of the issues that people raise around here are not  legitimate issues. They are, but sometimes the legitimacy of the  issue--the importance of the issue--has to be weighed on a scale  against the gravity of the moment.   I would say to you: If we were dealing with permanent policy in the  normal course of business or even in a moment of a cyclical economic  downturn, we would have some weeks to make some of these decisions. We  have already taken too long.   People got laid off today. People will be laid off tonight--and  tomorrow and the day after and for days to come--even if we pass this  bill. Imagine if we don't.   What we are facing is the toughest thing this generation has ever  faced. There is no doubt about it. There is no doubt about it. Perhaps  with the exception of the gentleman that called me this morning, it  will be the toughest thing we ever face in our lives. World War II was  worse. This virus is terrible, but it will not last as long or kill as  many people as that war did, but it will kill far too many people and  last far too long. It will last longer and kill more if we don't take  action now. That requires everyone to finally wake up and realize this  virus does not care whom you voted for in the last election. It doesn't  care what you write on Twitter or what snarky remarks you come up with  in your commentator moment on cable news. It doesn't care about any of  that stuff. It doesn't care whom you plan to vote for in the next  election. It will infect you. It will kill you. It will kill people you  love. It will kill members of your family. It will disrupt your  community and your economy. It doesn't care about any of this other  stuff.    It really is important for us to realize--not just for this bill but  moving forward--that there is no such thing as an outcome here that is  good for half of us and bad for the other half. There is no possible  political victory here--none. There is no outcome here in which half of  us are going to be able to go back and say: Boy, we really looked good,  and we made those guys look really bad, and people are going to reward  us for it. They are not.   I promise you, when someone has lost their job and does not know  where they are going to go, is stuck in their home and their life has  been turned upside down, and a member of their family is in intensive  care, and they wind up at a hospital that has been overwhelmed and  can't care for them, the last thing  [[Page S2041]]  on their mind is going to be partisan politics or preexisting  differences.   If you don't believe it, we are about to find that out,  unfortunately. There is no outcome here which half of us are happy and  the other half are upset.   It is a cliche. We use it all the time. I can't think of a better  example than this one: We are truly all in this together. The carnage,  the damage that this will do to our country is extraordinary. It will  know no geographic bounds, no political affiliation, no demographic  differences. This is a virus that can infect the heir to the Crown in  Britain just as easily as it can a 92-year-old retiree in a Florida  nursing home.   I hope the gravity of the moment finally sinks in and that we take  the necessary actions quickly. If there is something in this bill you  really don't like--I don't mean to diminish it--if we can fix it, we  should. But at this point, I am going to tell you that there is nothing  wrong in this bill. There is nothing in this bill that will damage our  country more than our inability to act. No matter how bad you think  some provision in this bill may be--and I say this to both sides--there  is nothing in this bill that will damage us more than doing nothing. By  far, the most damaging thing that can happen is not any provision of  this legislation. It is our inability to act and to send a message to  the American people that their leaders can't function, that their  government doesn't work--not just on a day-to-day basis but in a moment  of crisis.   I hope that whatever differences may still exist at this moment--and  I am trying to be fair because I know a lot of people have finally seen  the full text of it in the last few hours--and if you have caught  something that can be fixed, it should be fixed. But I plead--I don't  know what other word to use--that we don't leave here tonight without  having passed this bill because I honestly don't know how this Nation  and our people can afford one more day of this.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   