 Madam Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Idaho (Mr.  Fulcher) for his leadership.   I rise in strong opposition to this package of divisive and partisan  bills. Collectively, this package of ideologically driven bills impact  lands in Colorado, California, and Washington by creating nearly 1.5  million acres of new wilderness, designating 843 miles of Wild and  Scenic Rivers, and creating 100,000 acres of National Monument  expansion.   In Colorado alone, H.R. 2546 would designate approximately 570,000  acres of new wilderness areas, 23,000 acres of expanded wilderness, and  14,000 acres of potential wilderness. These new designations would be  in addition to the already existing 3.5 million acres of public land in  Colorado that is already designated as wilderness.   Now, I commend my colleague from Colorado for her efforts to work  with local shareholders to address some of their concerns, but the  bills contained in this package do not achieve the type of balance and  local consensus necessary for bills of this magnitude.   Many of the local communities impacted by this wilderness package  have raised significant concerns, including the loss of motorized  access and recreation, the elimination of multiple use, and the overall  threat to local economies. If wilderness designation is imposed, fewer  people will have access to these lands.   Engaging local stakeholders and considering their on-the-ground  expertise are critical steps in making decisions about public lands  management. Local communities have concerns with many aspects of this  bill.   At the July 10, 2019, subcommittee hearing on this bill, the  committee heard testimony from Montezuma County Commissioner Keenan  Ertel, who shared the county's concern that this bill would negatively  impact ``individual landowners, agricultural entities, water providers,  first responders, and especially the recreation tourism industry.''   Garfield County also opposes this legislation due to concerns with  restricting access and increased risk of catastrophic wildfires due to  the restrictive management regimes imposed by this legislation.   In addition to local grievances, the affected land management  agencies have noted that this bill is inconsistent with previous  designations and existing land uses by arbitrarily adding wilderness  areas and Wild and Scenic Rivers in areas where those designations are  not appropriate. Supporting the declaration of areas that do not  actually possess these characteristics undermines the integrity of the  Wilderness Act and the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, as well as the  existing lands that do possess those features.   Because of these concerns, the Trump administration has rightly  issued a veto threat against this partisan bill.   To quote from the Statement of Administration Policy: ``This bill  would impose unnecessary and harmful restrictions on more than 2.5  million acres of land in Colorado, California, and Washington State,  including nearly 1.5 million acres in the form of wilderness  designations. These restrictions will greatly reduce opportunities for  multiple uses on these public lands, limit access to them, and  significantly reduce the available productive acreage in working  forests, rendering them more prone to catastrophic wildfires.''   This highly partisan package is in stark contrast to the omnibus  lands package that was passed overwhelmingly last year by both Chambers  and signed into law by President Trump. That package was the most  sweeping conservation legislation in the last decade. It had begun  under the Republican House and was successful because it featured the  input of a wide coalition of our colleagues, and it earned the support  of a broad, diverse coalition of advocates for public lands, economic  development, and conservation.   Mr. Chair, we are wasting our time here. I ask my colleagues to  oppose this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   