 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this  legislation which will create a long-overdue Commission on the Social  Status of Black Men and Boys.   We have come a long way in America, but we still have a long way to  go. Slavery was not a necessary evil. It was a crime against humanity  anchored in kidnap, rape, torture, lynching, and the systemic  oppression and  [[Page H3875]]  enslavement of people of African descent century after century after  century. We are still living with its legacy today.   Frederick Douglass once said: ``It is easier to build strong children  than it is to repair broken men.'' So it is my hope that this  commission can begin the real process of repairing broken boys, broken  men, broken families, and broken communities as a result of the  systemic racism that has been in the soil of America for 401 years.   I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida, Frederica Wilson,  for her tremendous leadership.   Vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee and  a cosponsor of the House companion to this bill, I rise in strong  support of S. 2163 ``The Commission on the Social Status of Black Men  and Boys Act of 2019'', which establishes a bipartisan commission that  will examine the social disparities that disproportionately affect  black men and boys in America.   I want to thank my friend and colleague, Frederica Wilson, for  introducing this crucial piece of legislation.   As we have seen time and time again, the reality of being Black in  America today is characterized by facing insurmountable and unjust  challenges in every aspect of day-to-day life as well as living in  constant fear for your life.   From Trayvon Martin to Tamir Rice to Ahmaud Arbery to George Floyd,  our Black brothers are targeted and murdered for the color of their  skin.   We are all too familiar with the overwhelming hardships and  significant societal disparities that face Black men every day in  education, criminal justice, health, employment, and so many other  areas.   The low rate of high school retention among black male students is  directly related to the high rates of joblessness and incarceration in  the African-American population.   It's no secret that mass incarceration has unfairly and  disproportionately affected the lives of Black men in the United  States.   African Americans are incarcerated at more than 5 times the rate of  their white counterparts.   And 1 out of every 3 Black boys born today can expect to be sentenced  to prison, compared 1 out 6 Latino boys; one out of 17 white boys.   These barriers to quality employment further exacerbate the cycles of  poverty that in turn lead to severe inequities in the areas of health  and quality health care.   We must find ways to disrupt and end this cycle and instead empower  and uplift the Black community.   With this in mind, this bill enables our nation to better understand  and eventually eliminate the educational and social chasms that have  made it extraordinarily difficult for black males to become upwardly  mobile.   This bipartian commission will recommend actionable policies and  practices to improve upon or augment current government programs to  alleviate and remedy the underlying causes of the adverse social  conditions that are a reality for too many black men and boys.   I ask all members to join me in voting for S. 2163, ``The Commission  on the Social Status of Black Men and Boys Act of 2019.''   