 Madam Speaker, over the course of many  years, I have consistently sponsored and promoted women's rights  legislation to ensure equal pay for equal work including most recently,  the Paycheck Fairness Act.   In the struggle against wage discrimination, I voted in favor of 2009  the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.   To help ensure that women are not disadvantaged in their careers  because of time taken to attend to their families, I was an early and  strong advocate of multiple legislative initiatives to provide family  medical leave--including the groundbreaking bill that became law, the  Family and Medical Leave Act.   And this year, I have cosponsored the FAMILY Act.   I voted to ensure that women's rights are protected in higher  education by strongly supporting Title IX.   I have supported legislation to amend pension and tax policies that  negatively impact women and I supported numerous bills to establish  certain rights for sexual assault survivors including the Survivors'  Bill of Rights which is now law.   Since the mid-1990s, I have led the effort to end the barbaric  practice of human trafficking, a human rights abuse that is a perverted  and unimaginable exploitation of women and girls that thrives on greed,  disrespect and secrecy.   Twenty years ago, the U.S. Congress approved and the President signed  legislation that I authored--the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of  2000--a comprehensive whole-of-government initiative to combat sex and  labor trafficking in the United States and around the world.   The Violence Against Women Act (See Division B) was reauthorized and  significantly expanded by my law. Last year, I cosponsored the Violence  Against Women Extension Act of 2019.   This past January, I authored another bill that was signed into law-- my fifth major law on human trafficking--The Frederick Douglass  Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Act.   After a young college student from my district, Samantha Josephson,  was brutally murdered by the driver of what she thought was her Uber  ride, I introduced Sami's Law to make the ride share safer for all. In  recent months it has been shocking to learn that thousands of women who  use Lyft or Uber have been sexually assaulted and some have been  murdered.   I arrive at the debate on the elimination of the deadline for the ERA  from the perspective of my work to ensure equality and protection for  women and every woman's right to be treated fairly and without  exploitation.   The words of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on the legal  impermissibility of extending the deadline for ratification have sealed  the fate of the proposed amendment. Justice Ginsburg's judgment is that  the deadline has expired and that she ``would like it to start over''  presents a definitive view that the process has come to an end.   According to Vox, Justice Ginsburg also said ``There's too much  controversy about latecomers, plus, a number of states have withdrawn  their ratification. So, if you count a latecomer on the plus side, how  can you disregard states that said `we've changed our minds?' '' Five  states--Idaho, Kentucky, Nebraska, Tennessee, and South Dakota--voted  to ratify the ERA but later rescinded that ratification.   Today, however, one thing is absolutely clear from both sides of the  abortion divide: ratification of the ERA with its current wording will  likely overturn laws prohibiting public funding of abortion--like the  Hyde Amendment--and undo modest restrictions on abortion including  waiting periods, parental involvement, women's right to know laws,  conscience rights including the Weldon Amendment and any ban on late  term abortion including the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act.   Should the ERA be ratified without clarifying abortion-neutral  language--to wit: ``Nothing in this Article shall be construed to grant  or secure any right relating to abortion or the funding thereof''-- abortion activists will use the ERA as they have successfully used  state ERAs in both New Mexico and Connecticut--to force taxpayers to  pay for abortion on demand.   Consider this:   The Supreme Court of New Mexico ruled in 1998 that the state was  required to fund abortion based solely on the state ERA and said the  law ``undoubtedly singles out . . . a gender-linked condition that is  unique to women'' and therefore ``violates the Equal Rights  Amendment.''   In like manner, the Supreme Court of Connecticut invalidated its  state ban on abortion funding and wrote in 1986: ``it is therefore  clear, under the Connecticut ERA, that the regulation excepting . . .  abortions from the Medicaid program discriminates against women.''   Today in Pennsylvania, activists are suing to eviscerate the abortion  funding restriction in that state claiming that the Hyde-type  restriction violates the Pennsylvania Equal Rights Amendment.   While I take issue with abortion activists who refuse to recognize an  unborn child's inherent dignity, worth and value, at least activists on  both sides agree that the ERA as written will be used in court as a  means to compel public funding of abortion and to strike down the Hyde  Amendment and other modest abortion restrictions at both the state and  federal level.  [[Page H1142]]    NARAL Pro-Choice America plainly states: ``With its ratification, the  ERA . . . would require judges to strike down anti-abortion laws . .  .''   A senior lawyer of the National Women's Law Centers said: ``The ERA  would help create a basis to challenge abortion restrictions.''   The National Right to Life Committee states that ``the proposed  federal ERA would invalidate the federal Hyde Amendment and all state  restrictions on tax-funded abortions.''   And the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops agree and wrote ``One  consequence of the ERA would be the likely requirement of federal  funding for abortions . . . (and) arguments have been proffered that  the federal ERA would . . . restrain the ability of the federal and  state governments to enact other measures regulating abortion, such as  third-trimester or partial birth abortion bans, parental consent,  informed consent, conscience-related exemptions, and other  provisions.''   According to the most recent Marist Poll (January 2020), 60 percent  of all Americans oppose using tax dollars for abortion, seven in ten  Americans including nearly half who identify as pro-choice want  significant restrictions on abortion, a majority of Americans--55  percent--want to ban abortion after 20 weeks, and nearly two-thirds of  Americans oppose abortion if the child will be born with Down Syndrome.   I believe that all human beings--especially the weakest and most  vulnerable including unborn baby girls and boys--deserve respect,  empathy, compassion and protection from violence.   