 Madam Speaker, I thank the chair of the committee for his  focus and hard work on behalf of our environment and on behalf of  reversing climate change and on behalf of the health and welfare of the  American people.    The global climate crisis is one of the greatest challenges of our  time. We must confront climate change, and an essential part of that is  investing in clean energy innovation.   This alone is certainly not going to be enough to address the climate  crisis we face, but it is a critical step forward that we can and must  take now. That is why House Democrats are bringing forward the Clean  Economy Jobs and Innovation Act today.   I am sorry this is not a bipartisan bill because, like COVID-19,  climate  [[Page H4868]]  change is not a partisan issue. It should not be a partisan issue.   This legislation represents progress in the fight against the climate  crisis. It represents a significant investment in clean energy  infrastructure and job creation.   In addition to investing in clean energy production, distribution,  and storage, this legislation sets new energy efficiency standards--I  believe my Republican colleagues are for that; I hope they are for  that--for buildings and provides funding for homes, schools,  manufacturing facilities, and public buildings to upgrade and improve  energy efficiency. That is in everybody's best interests.   This bill makes bold investments in wind and solar and advanced  nuclear technologies, of which I am a very strong supporter, and in  helping to decarbonize the fossil fuel sector.   If we hope to meet the targets that climate scientists say are  necessary to avoid the most catastrophic consequences of climate  change, many of which we are seeing as we speak today on the floor of  this House, we are going to need to employ all of these technologies.   Recognizing the need to fight for environmental justice, the Clean  Economy Jobs and Innovation Act prioritizes the needs of those living  on the front lines of the climate crisis, including minority, Tribal,  and low-income communities. They can't protect themselves. They don't  have the dollars to do so. It is up to us to make sure that they are  protected.   We are also creating a clean energy workforce development program,  championed by my dear friend   Bobby Rush, to train workers to succeed  and help America lead the clean energy revolution.   While the Trump administration cedes the race to being a world  leader, withdrawing from all the other nations of the world that have a  consensus that we need to deal with climate change and we need to deal  with it together, we withdraw from that agreement.   We need to make sure that we continue to be a world leader in the  clean energy economy to our foreign competitors. This bill seizes the  moment and takes advantage of the economic opportunities that come from  taking a bold approach to the global climate crisis. House Democrats  recognize that you can't lead the clean energy economy if you refuse to  believe that cleaner energy is necessary.   Until we get serious about the dangers of the climate crisis, America  will be unable to take advantage of its economic opportunities. That is  why, Madam Speaker, this bill is so very important and why I am urging  all of my colleagues to join in supporting it.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Frank Pallone of the Energy and  Commerce Committee; Chairwoman Eddie Bernice Johnson of the Science,  Space, and Technology Committee; and Chairman Raul Grijalva of the  Natural Resources Committee for working so hard to bring this  legislation together and advance it to the floor.   Many of these bills that are incorporated here, I think, have  Republican support, and this bill ought to have Republican support.   Madam Speaker, I thank all the Democratic members of those committees  and Republicans who tried to work constructively and the bill sponsors  for their hard work and contributions to this legislation.   Today, the Democratic-led House, Madam Speaker, is doing its job for  the people by supporting the development of a clean energy economy and  taking important steps to tackle the climate crisis in a serious way  that creates jobs and opportunities for our workers.   During the civil rights era, there was a movie, ``Mississippi  Burning.'' It had an effect of us addressing systemic racism in  America.   Now, much of America, millions of acres, are burning at historic  levels. Storms in the Gulf are occurring at historic levels. Storms in  the Atlantic along the Atlantic Coast and twisters in the Midwest are  occurring at historic levels. It is not appropriate for us to say, as  the President said on COVID-19 and the deaths that occurred, ``It is  what it is.''   We are here, Madam Speaker, because, when we see that what it is is  not right, we ought to act, and that is what we are doing.   Madam Speaker, I hope my colleagues will vote ``yes'' for a cleaner  environment, a safer environment, a healthier environment, and a more  prosperous and successful America.   