 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Chair, I want to recognize the hard work of Chairman Bennie  Thompson on the underlying bill, and the entire Homeland Security  Committee.   My district, Maryland's Fourth Congressional District, has the fifth  largest number of Federal employees in the country. These public  servants go to work every day to make the country safer and a better  place to live for our families.   For years, transportation security officers have not had basic  workplace protections, such as collective bargaining rights,  whistleblower protections, and paid leave. Since 2011, transportation  security officers, who make up 70 percent of TSA's workforce, have had  labor union representation but, because of limitations imposed by TSA,  have been denied full collective bargaining rights.   TSOs were most severely impacted during the last government shutdown.  During the shutdown, more than 50,000 TSA officers were deemed  essential Federal employees, meaning they had to work without pay. Due  to financial strain, officers called out in record numbers, which led  to low morale and high turnover among its workforce.   Staffing shortages prompted officials to consolidate checkpoints,  creating long lines at some of the country's busiest airports,  including Miami, Atlanta, and in my backyard at BWI Thurgood Marshall  and Reagan National Airport, where my constituents felt the most  strain.   Federal workers who protect our country should not have to work in  such strenuous conditions. Transportation security officers are vital  safeguards for our Nation's transportation system. They should be  afforded the same rights and benefits as other Federal employees.   My amendment reaffirms the importance of TSA's workforce and  recognizes that TSOs should be provided the same protections and  benefits as other Federal employees under title V.   In addition to collective bargaining rights, the transition to title  V would increase salaries for most TSA employees and provide  opportunities for regular pay raises for those meeting performance  standards.   TSA employees and TSOs are essential to our national security and  safety. It is time we treat them with the respect they deserve. I  strongly encourage my colleagues to support this amendment and the  underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Thompson), my friend and chairman of the committee.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my  time.   