 Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to  the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it.    Mr. Chair, this measure improves the underlying  bill by requiring GAO to study differences between pay rates for TSA  employees working in Alaska, Hawaii, and the territories and those  working in the contiguous 48 States.   We know that pay satisfaction is very low within TSA. In fact, in a  recent governmentwide survey, TSA's workforce reported being the least  satisfied with pay than Federal workers at 414 other Federal agencies.   I commend Miss Gonzalez-Colon for recognizing that, under the current  system, there are disparities in pay within TSA that have implications  for workers outside the contiguous 48 States.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Before I begin, I would like to thank Chairman Thompson for his  leadership in bringing this important bill to the floor today. I am  proud to be a cosponsor of this bill.   On 9/11, we all watched in horror as the events of that day played  out in real time.   As a native New Yorker growing up in the shadows of the World Trade  Center, I saw firsthand the impact that terrorism can have.   Since that fateful day, we have seen our Nation take many important  steps to prevent terrorist attacks from happening. For example,  Congress created the Transportation Security Administration and passed  several laws strengthening our Nation's transportation systems.   While I applaud these efforts and those of others, we must continue  to remain vigilant in light of current world events.   My amendment, in this light, is simple. It reaffirms our Nation's  commitment to prevent terrorism and ensures our national security  agencies can continue to prosecute and prevent terrorist activities  from occurring in our homeland.   Mr. Chair, I say to my colleagues, let us all take a simple but  important step to reaffirm our commitment to prevent terrorism. I urge  all Members to vote ``yes'' on this amendment.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my  amendment to continue protecting our Nation from terrorism, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   