 Madam President, I rise today to address a  topic that Washington has been ignoring for decades. For years,  Republicans fought against wasteful spending under the Obama  administration. My party argued that our debt and deficits were  unsustainable, and they were leaving a burden that our children and  grandchildren simply can't afford. Unfortunately, my party has shown an  almost equal disregard for the dangers of a growing national debt and  annual deficits, as have the Democrats.   Congress spends taxpayer money with no accountability--something you  would never do in business or in your personal life--and our Federal  Government is borrowing an unprecedented amount of money. Congress  borrows money with no plan to pay it back. Our families and our  businesses cannot do that. Congress is leaving debt for the next  generation. Parents and grandparents don't do that.   This year, between mid-March and late June, the Treasury's total  borrowing rose by about $2.9 trillion, and the Federal Reserve's  holdings of U.S. Treasury debt rose by about $1.6 trillion. The Federal  Reserve is creating an artificial market for treasuries to keep  interest rates low. This is not sustainable and will have dire  consequences. There will come a time when they can't purchase any more  treasuries and rates will increase.   When the Federal Reserve can no longer keep interest rates low,  everything from car loans to student loans  [[Page S4893]]  to mortgages become more expensive for the American people, and the  interest on our debt, which is already the fourth largest expenditure  in the Federal budget, will become our largest expenditure. For every 1  percent increase in our interest rate, we are going to spend almost $2  trillion over 10 years. That is more money the taxpayers get no return  on.   Even during the economic boom we were experiencing, our Federal  Government could not live within its means. Our Federal Government was  set to spend approximately $4.6 trillion while collecting only $3.6  trillion in taxes in one of our greatest economies ever.   Now, as we continue to address the coronavirus pandemic, the Federal  Government this year will spend more than $7 trillion and collect much  less than $3 trillion. The market is telling us that lenders are not  confident this pandemic is being handled in a fiscally responsible  manner. We are seeing the price of gold at a record high and the dollar  devaluing, and this is just the beginning.   Now Congress wants to spend more, even though we still don't know how  much has already been spent from previous relief packages. What is  happening in Washington, DC, is wrong. It is unfair to Americans who  work hard every day to take care of their families.   For months, I made a weekly video called ``Washington Waste  Wednesday'' to highlight all the ways Washington is currently wasting  taxpayer dollars. It wasn't hard to find examples. Officials in  Washington have failed to make the tough decisions that will put our  Nation on a fiscally successful path. It is the most inefficient place  you can imagine.   These poor choices mean a day of reckoning is coming. If our  financial system comes crashing down because of excessive government  spending and borrowing, history suggests we will have runaway  inflation, with the price of goods skyrocketing. That will hurt the  poorest families and those living on a fixed income. With inflation,  fixed incomes will stay the same while the prices for necessities go up  month after month. For hourly workers, wages will not grow fast enough  to cover the ever-increasing costs of goods and services. This happened  in the United States in the 1970s.   Let's not forget about the mandatory spending programs that Congress  takes no accountability for. Medicare is running out of money. When  Medicare runs out of money in 2026, either doctors and hospitals will  be paid significantly less or Medicare recipients will receive less  care. Medicaid costs are increasing by about 5 percent a year. Social  Security will run out of cash reserves by 2035. At that time there will  be an automatic 20-percent reduction of Social Security payments.   Our country is like a failing business without a plan. We can't  accept this fate.   I ran for Governor of Florida in 2010 because I could not stand to  watch the fiscal mismanagement by politicians anymore. Over my 8 years  as Governor, we made the tough choices to turn the State around. We  grew the economy by over 30 percent, added almost 1.7 million new jobs,  paid down almost one-third of State debt, and cut taxes by more than  $10 billion. I was the first Governor in 20 years to actually pay down  State debt.   I ran for the U.S. Senate to do the same thing at the Federal level.  I was tired of watching career politicians in Washington spend other  people's money without a care. Washington seems to have forgotten that  trillions of dollars in new spending means trillions in tax increases  somewhere down the road. They want short-term solutions regardless of  consequences.   Career politicians say they care about you. When they run huge  deficits, do they care about you?   When they raise your taxes, do they care about you?   When they overpromise benefits for Social Security without a funding  source, do they care about you?   When they overpromise Medicare benefits without a funding source, do  they care about you?   Maybe the intentions are good. Who knows? But, unfortunately, you  can't pay for Social Security with good intentions. You can't pay for  Medicare with good intentions. You can't build a lethal military with  good intentions. And you can't open a business with just good  intentions. These good intentions have created $27 trillion of debt  that our children and grandchildren will have to answer for. Now they  want to spend another $3 trillion. It is time to wake up.   We can fix this and put our Nation on a fiscally responsible path. We  fix this by doing what I did in Florida. We need to focus on growing  the economy, cutting taxes and burdensome regulations, and streamlining  permitting. We fix this by helping every American get a good job. We  fix this with a focus on buying American, with the understanding that  buying products made by our adversaries, like Communist China, hurts  American jobs and manufacturing and threatens our national security. We  fix this by making good trade deals with other freedom-loving  countries, and we fix this by getting a return on every taxpayer dollar  we spend.   Turning around a failing business is hard. I have done that. Turning  around a failing State is also hard--even harder. I have done that.  Turning around the future of a nation sounds impossible, but it is not.   If elected leaders don't want to do the hard work--and it is going to  be hard--then they should go home. They can no longer hide behind the  cowardice of political expediency.   Politicians in Washington are afraid to tell you the truth, so here  it is: If we want our country to survive and thrive and continue to be  a beacon for freedom, prosperity, and hope around the world, we will  need to make tough choices. We will need to be more productive, and we  cannot rely on government programs paid for through more borrowing. We  will need to reassert the fundamental principle of conservatism that  the private sector and individuals--not the government--should be the  driving forces behind our economic stability and success.   As long as I am a Member of the U.S. Senate, I will fight to rein in  the out-of-control spending that is putting our children's and our  grandchildren's futures at risk.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to  object, I fully appreciate the hard work my colleagues have put into  this measure. Florida is an immigration State, and we value our  diversity.   We also need to fix our immigration system so it makes sense. That  starts with securing our border. I have heard from many of my  constituents about this bill because it impacts so many people in my  State, including those who came to Florida from Latin America. We also  have to help those who are escaping Communist China's crackdown on  freedoms in Taiwan and Hong Kong.   I offer an amendment today to make sure we are not creating an unfair  system that favors certain nations or that would disadvantage  immigrants who don't happen to be from the nations that are the largest  drivers of the employment-based visa backlog that we see today. I know  my colleagues share my desire to preserve the diversity of our Nation,  and I look forward to their accepting my amendment today.   Therefore, I ask that the Senator from Utah modify his request,  include my amendment to the Lee amendment at the desk; that the  amendment be considered and agreed to; that the Lee amendment, as  amended, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to  object, clearly, I am disappointed that my colleague is unwilling to  accept my amendment.   My goal is to be fair to the many wonderful and skilled people who  want to build lives in our great country. I have also spoken to those  at the White House about the bill, and they have agreed we need more  time to review the proposal and to understand its impacts on our  immigration system.   I hope my colleagues want to continue to work together, and I hope we  can find a path forward to address the current visa backlog. Therefore,  I respectfully object.   