 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the last few months, America has  experienced a trifecta of crises, which are reminiscent of some of the  most difficult periods in our Nation's history. In many ways, it feels  like we are learning what it was like to live through the Spanish flu  pandemic, the Great Depression, and the civil rights movement--all at  once.   This period has challenged all of us physically, economically, and  emotionally, and while we still have a long way to go, we are seeing  incremental signs of progress. Last week, New York City--once the  epicenter of COVID-19 cases--reported no confirmed coronavirus deaths.  That was the first time that had happened since March 11.   Our economy is experiencing positive improvement as well. Friday's  jobs report showed that employment rose by 2.5 million people in May-- an absolutely astonishing and recordbreaking figure. I think that is  the first time that happened since 1934. Unemployment dropped to 13.3  percent. That is still way too high but a sharp contrast from the  expectations and projections of economists.   While we are seeing the needle move in the right direction in our  fight to defeat the coronavirus and restore our economy, the third in  this trio of crises is much more complex. The murder of George Floyd  has sparked passion and anger throughout our country and galvanized  people of all skin colors, backgrounds, and ages to demand action. In  big cities and small towns alike, we have seen peaceful marches and  powerful demonstrations calling for an end to racial injustice that has  existed sadly since our country's inception.   One of the largest protests in the country happened last week in Mr.  Floyd's hometown in Houston, TX, where I was born and where he will be  [[Page S2751]]  buried tomorrow. An estimated 60,000 people gathered to march in his  honor and demand justice   The first step in justice for George Floyd, and now that all four  officers involved in his death have been arrested and charged, is for  the criminal justice system to work. But these four arrests do not  erase the larger problems that exist in our society--the lack of trust,  the sense that justice is not equal. In fact, they have only shined a  brighter light on the systemic problems that we need to do our best to  try to address. Making lasting changes will not be quick or easy.   At the rally in Houston, several of Mr. Floyd's family members spoke,  and one said: ``This is going to be more like a marathon.'' I think  that is pretty realistic. It is going to take some time, and it will be  the result of difficult discussions but necessary discussions that are  happening in homes, workplaces, and buildings like this all across the  country.   No one has all the answers, but there is a lot we can learn--first,  by simply listening to one another. Earlier today, I was able to speak  to George Floyd's family and do just that--listen. They have gone  through unimaginable pain over these last 2 weeks.   I told them I am committed to making sure that George Floyd receives  justice. I said: In my experience during times like this, the best  comfort you can offer to someone who has lost a loved one is that their  death will not be in vain; that something good will come out of it.   We know some of the most important reforms that need to be made are  in our criminal justice system. The tragic events of Minneapolis,  Louisville, and a number of other cities across the country have  renewed calls to transform policing practices and repair the divide  that exists between some communities and the police. Of course, much of  that will take place at the local and State level. It is, in fact, the  city council and mayors who hire the police chief and make sure they  are running their programs and their departments with integrity and  professionalism. That is where most of the important decisions about  day-to-day policing and procedures are made.   One example in my State is the Sandra Bland Act, which Governor  Abbott signed into law in 2017. The namesake of that bill was a Black  woman who was found dead in a county jail days after being arrested  during a routine traffic stop. The law passed in her honor made a  number of changes, including requiring deescalation training for law  enforcement officials, much like we have done in the mental health  space.   The individual police departments are the ones that make decisions  about specific practices, responsible, of course, to their city  leadership, such as banning knee holds or choke holds. There are  important conversations taking place across Texas and the country about  how we can effectively promote and improve police practices and begin  to repair the damaged relationship between our minority communities and  our police.   To strengthen that work, there are steps we can take in Washington,  DC. I know many of us are engaged in active discussions about what is  the best way to create real change. I know it is a priority for Members  on both sides of the aisle.   One proposal I have mentioned is a bipartisan bill that I introduced  with Senator Gary Peters of Michigan and Chairman Lindsey Graham last  year. This bill actually had 20 bipartisan cosponsors. It was endorsed  not only by the Urban League and the NAACP but the major police  organizations in this country as well. It passed unanimously in the  Senate. Unfortunately, we ran out of time in the House so it did not  actually become law--not yet.   This legislation creates a National Criminal Justice Commission, much  like the 9/11 Commission, that would review our criminal justice system  writ large from top to bottom--something that has not happened since  1965. In 18 months, the Commission would report back to us and make  recommendations for changes that could be considered and passed by the  Congress.   This would allow us to systemically look at what is working and what  isn't and what needs to be done to modernize our criminal justice  system, including repairing the broken relationship between law  enforcement and some of our minority communities.   The review that took place in 1965 produced 1,200 specific  recommendations, and it is past time to once again take stock of the  successes and failures of our criminal justice system.   As I mentioned, the bill that passed the Senate unanimously had 20  bipartisan cosponsors and was supported by the National Association of  Police Organizations, Major City Chiefs Association, the National Urban  League.   I believe this type of legislation would give us the basic framework  for the lasting changes that we are all after. It would be an umbrella  commission under which a lot of very specific and granular issues could  be debated and voted on and, if meritorious, passed and become part of  the law.   I hope it will become a part of our conversation that we are having  in the coming days and weeks. Rooting out racial injustice that has  existed for generations will require a long-term, bipartisan commitment  in Congress and in homes and institutions across the country.   I do believe it is simply wrong to paint all police and all law  enforcement as somehow racially biased. I think that is not deserved,  and I think it is just flat wrong and irresponsible. Clearly, when  there are cases of abuse, where even a police officer crosses the line,  they need to be held accountable, and we need to be focused on  identifying those individuals not only in prosecuting them but in  sending a message that that sort of action will not be tolerated in a  civilized society. And next, we need to regain the confidence for all  of our people or all colors; that the police are our friend and a  necessary part of our ordered liberty.   Without order, you have anarchy. Only with order, fair laws justly  administered on an equal basis can we enjoy the liberty that is part of  our birthright in America. I am committed to being part of the  solution, and I am eager to roll up my sleeves with all of our  colleagues and get to work   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   