 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Cole for his remarkable  leadership during these challenging times.   What are we doing here?   Our Nation is fighting a vicious battle for lives and jobs, yet  Democrats waste time bringing a partisan, political, and dead bill to  the House, never asking Republicans to work together.   It is shameful.   As one House Democrat who opposes this bill said, ``This isn't the  time for partisan gamesmanship. This is the time to find common  ground.''   Democrats parrot ``go big, go big.'' What they didn't do is ``go  smart'' to stimulate this economy.   This bill guarantees a prolonged recession. It leaves 36 million  jobless Americans behind, but it delivers big for Democratic special  interests.   What do mail-in ballots, marijuana banking, bailing out failed union  pensions, and releasing criminals early have to do with America's  struggling economy? Absolutely nothing.   The word ``cannabis'' even occurs more often than the word ``job'' in  this bill.   As we continue to battle this virus, Republicans believe Congress  should ``go smart.''   Our top economic priority is to make sure the millions of Americans  who have lost their jobs temporarily don't lose them permanently,  because lost jobs mean more drug and alcohol abuse, more domestic  violence, more crime in the streets, and shorter lifespans.   We need to reopen our economy safely, help our local businesses  rebuild their workforce and remake their workplaces so they are safe  and healthy.   Instead, Democrats encourage millions of Americans to stay unemployed  even if a good, safe job is offered.   If you get paid more than your salary not to work and have good  healthcare, why would you go back?   But next year, when these government benefits all run out, don't be  surprised that local businesses and jobs simply don't exist anymore.   This bill robs precious cash from local businesses struggling to  survive, imposes costly mandates, provides a windfall to millionaires,  and sends your hard-earned tax dollars to those here illegally.   This bill imposes a gag order to prevent the jobless from knowing  their affordable health options, uses your tax dollars to fund  abortions, and chooses rebate checks over paychecks. How will this get  workers back into jobs?   It gets sadder. Democrats choose wealthy trial lawyers over our  front-line healthcare workers, giving a green light to unleash  frivolous lawsuits on hospitals, doctors, and local businesses doing  everything they can to reopen safely.   These heroes are already struggling with huge losses. Fighting trial  lawyers in court will only make it worse.   We will hear today about why we need to spend hundreds of millions  more for State and local governments who, without question, are  battling so hard.   But did you know that Congress has already funded over $760 billion  to State and local communities? That is more than we have helped small  businesses.   Did you know that State and local governments are struggling to spend  all that money by the end of the year? As the Houston mayor told us:  ``I don't need more money. I just need the flexibility to spend it  where it is needed.''   Did you know most small communities in America haven't seen a dollar  yet because many State governments are hoarding this crucial aid,  refusing to pass it on to smaller counties and cities as Congress  intended?   Let's fix these problems first.   The bottom line is this bill is crammed with special interest  handouts but does nothing for the jobless. It guarantees more jobs will  disappear while silly political games are played.   This is an unprecedented crisis, and so many Americans have been  heroic. They deserve a Congress that works together to help them regain  their jobs, their savings, and their future.   This bill is big: regrettably, a big fail for our economy.   