 Mr. President, we are on the precipice of a depression  because of politics. Right now, every single State and most counties  and most cities are experiencing a budget crisis like they haven't seen  in generations.   Tax revenues are down due to high unemployment, rising healthcare  costs, and the drop in consumer spending and emergency relief costs  continue to skyrocket, and that means our States, our cities, and our  towns have run out of  [[Page S4714]]  money or are quickly running out of money. But in the latest proposal,  the Republicans allocate nothing at all to State and local government.  You heard that correctly. In midst of the biggest public health crisis  in a century, Republicans will not send a single dollar in emergency  aid to our States, our cities, and to our counties.   Economically, this is just ridiculously bad. It will cost roughly 4  million jobs, and it will have a direct impact on GDP and on the  programs and services that we need in order to come out on the other  side of this pandemic.   Budget shortfalls among State and local governments are approaching  half a trillion already, and for my home State of Hawaii, we are  confronting over a billion dollars in losses.   Unlike the Federal Government, our State and local governments are  operating with finite amounts of dollars. They don't have an unlimited  line of credit. And a majority of States require a balanced budget by  the end of the year. So it is one thing for States and counties and  municipalities to juggle and survive for a few months by moving money  around, using cash flow management, paying bills late, relying on rainy  day or reserve funds, but they can't do that forever. By now, many have  burned up their reserves, and the cupboard is bare, and the bills are  due.   The decisions that the Republicans are making right now--the official  policy as it relates to funding local governments is to force millions  to be laid off in the middle of the worst pandemic in 100 years.   Refusing to send aid to States and local governments isn't just  cruel; it is bad economic strategy. Moody's released a report  projecting that it could shave as much as three full percentage points  from GDP--three full percentage points from GDP.   There are certain things that are not within the U.S. Senate's  control as it relates to GDP, but this is a choice we are about to  make--to lay off public service workers, to actually--I mean, we passed  the PPP program, which basically subsidizes keeping people employed. We  passed this expanded unemployment insurance, which--as Senator Cortez  Masto pointed out, we mandatorily said: Stay home, and we will take  care of you. Now the official public policy of the Republican  conference is to lay off firefighters and nurses and teachers.   I know that we get real heated in terms of our rhetoric sometimes on  the Senate floor, and we accuse the other side of things that are maybe  shading the truth in ways that are unfavorable. But I just want to  point out that that is the official public policy of the Republicans  right now--that States and counties and cities get zero; firehouses get  zero; public health nurses get zero; teachers get zero--and that if  they had their way, they would pass a coronavirus aid package that  forces us to lay people off--public health nurses, public school  administrators, public sanitation workers, teachers--in the middle of a  situation where the virus is much worse than it was 3 months ago and  the economy is much worse than it was 3 months ago.   So I reject the premise that this is some sort of Democratic ask.  Now, I could go through the list of the National Conference of Mayors,  the National Governors Association, the National Conference of State  Legislatures--all of the organizations that on a bipartisan basis  represent governance. They all want State and county relief to come  into this package. I could go through that, but I just reject the  premise on a human level that we have to demand, as though it is some  sort of progressive wish list--it is not a carbon tax, right? It is not  criminal justice reform. It is not gay rights. This is allowing  firefighters to stay employed. This is allowing our public hospitals  not to lay off people in the middle of a pandemic. This is allowing our  school systems not to lay off teachers.   This isn't a Democratic ask, this is an American ask, and I reject  the premise that the leader of the Senate, Mitch McConnell, is going to  treat this as something that is to be traded for. We don't trade for  keeping our firefighters employed. We don't trade for keeping our  nurses employed. We just do that because it is the right thing to do,  and we especially do that in the middle of the worst public health  crisis in a century and the worst economic situation we have had in  almost a century.   I reject the idea that Leader Schumer and Leader McConnell and  Speaker Pelosi and Secretary Mnuchin have to cut a deal on State and  local funding. Every single Member of the U.S. Senate, as soon as this  ends up in the bill, is going to take credit for it. They are going to  say: Look, I got you money. But let the record reflect that the  proposal from the Republican conference was that States, counties, and  municipalities get zero, and that is not tenable.   I yield the floor.   