 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the people in this Nation are hurting.  We know that. They are very concerned about their own health. They are  worried that they may be carrying the virus and may take it home to  their elderly parent, who could come down with the virus. They are  worried about how long this social distancing and commuting from home  and staying at home are going to be required in order to control the  spread of the virus. They are worried about their economic  circumstances, whether they are going to get a paycheck.   I am pleased that, today, we have an agreement with our leaders to  move forward on the third stimulus package to deal with this crisis of  COVID-19.   I, first, want to express my appreciation to our leadership. I have  been in daily, almost hourly communication with Senator Schumer, and I  know how hard he has worked to make sure that this package really deals  with the medical emergency we have and deals with the workers, to make  sure they are protected and they are protected in whatever we do; that  it provides the help for State and local governments; that it provides  the much needed attention to these particular issues; and that we have  accountability for any of the monies that are going particularly to our  largest companies in this country.   So I want to express my appreciation. I am very pleased that our  first priority--our very first priority--is to deal with the public  health challenge. This is including what is happening in my State of  Maryland and what is happening in every State in our Nation.   I am pleased that in our State it is ``Team Maryland.'' Our  congressional delegation is working very closely with Governor Hogan  and his cabinet, and we are working closely with our county executives  and our mayors and our private sector to do everything we can to  protect the public health of the people of our State.   We have done what we can locally to make sure that testing is  available so we understand the dimensions of this problem, and the  Governor has taken extraordinary steps in order to increase our medical  capacity in the likelihood that we are going to see a significantly  increased number of those people who have the coronavirus.   Yes, we need to stay at home unless there is an urgent reason for us  to be outside. I am frequently asked by my friends why don't we do as  much as we can in the U.S. Senate remotely. I think we should,  including voting. So we need to distance ourselves and minimize social  contact in order to prevent the spike of this disease, which would test  our medical capacity to handle it.   So I was pleased that the third supplemental--the agreement that has  been reached that we will vote on, hopefully, today--does have a surge  in our medical capacity, a Marshall Plan, to deal with our healthcare  needs.   I could go through a lot of the specifics. I think some have already  been gone through, but I particularly appreciate the fact that we have  $100 billion for our hospitals and healthcare facilities, including  clinics, in this bill. I am pleased that there is a 20-percent increase  in hospital reimbursement rates.   I thank Senator Grassley and Senator Wyden for including in that  provision a unique clause for the Maryland hospitals so that they can  be qualified for this. As I think some of you know, Maryland has an  all-payer rate structure, and we had to make sure that these provisions  would apply in Maryland. I thank them for their attention to that  detail.   There is also money in here for our hospitals to be ready for  preparedness, which I think is extremely important. And there is a  separate line appropriation for our community health centers and our  federally qualified health clinics. That is critically important there.  They are being stressed as the needs are increasing and as the cost of  treatment is increasing.   We need to replenish the national stockpile. We know the concerns for  protective gear. We know that. We know that ventilators and respirators  are in short supply. We have to make sure that we have adequate  replacement of what has been taken out of our national stockpile and  available now to deal with the surge that is coming under any scenario,  so that our healthcare workers have the protective gear that they need  and our patients have the medical facilities and the respirators that  they need.   We have also plussed up the work being done to deal with the  development of a vaccine. I am pleased that NIH is getting the monies  they need in order to do the work. We know that we are not going to  have a vaccine in time this year, but we want to make sure that we get  it as soon as possible and that it is on a fast track. These funds will  help us develop that vaccine for the future needs of controlling this  type of a virus.   But, in the meantime, we are also putting resources into therapeutic  drugs--drugs that could help people who are sick today. Those drugs are  not yet available, but we want to make sure we do everything we can to  make them available as soon as possible   FEMA, or the Federal Emergency Management Agency, has been bumped up  substantially in this bill and for good reason. That brings me to the  point that is a major improvement that has been brought to this  legislation to help our State and local governments. They are the  frontlines of providing these public health needs, and we need to  provide them the resources they need. So FEMA needs to be properly  appropriated. We have the money in here to help FEMA, but we also need  direct help for our local governments to deal with this problem. We see  that our State and local public health officers are getting extra money  for better reporting, so that we know exactly what the status is in  each of our communities. All of that is important for our Marshall Plan  to control this disease and to get it under control.   But I wanted to take this time to talk about a matter that I was  working on for small business, and I mention that, recognizing that we  have to get our economy back on track. The best way to get our economy  back on track is to get this virus controlled, enable people to be able  to get out, to work, to buy, and to participate in our economy. That is  the best thing we can do. But this package also recognizes that unless  we help businesses and workers today, we are not going to be prepared  for our economy when we are able to rebound.   So my role as the senior Democrat on the Small Business Committee,  working with Senator Rubio, the chairman of that committee, was to make  sure that we had a robust provision to preserve the growth engine and  innovation engine of our economy, and that is small businesses. There  is more job growth for small companies, and there is more innovation  for small companies. We need to preserve the ability of small companies  to get through this time.   Quite frankly, they don't have the same deep pockets that large  companies have. They don't have the same availability of credit that  large companies have. They don't have the same  [[Page S2030]]  banking arrangements that large companies have. They don't have the  flexibility that large companies have. So we have to provide special  attention to small businesses, and this package does that in a very,  very robust way.   I already mentioned Senator Rubio. I thank him for his leadership.  The two of us were working together well before this week, and that is  why we were probably further along in helping small businesses than the  other parts of this package dealing with the various economic areas.   Senator Shaheen was a valuable Member of our team. I have worked with  Senator Shaheen on small business issues for a long time. She was a key  player in putting together the package that we have to present to our  colleagues here in the U.S. Senate.   I also want to acknowledge Senator Collins.   It was the four of us who were meeting regularly and communicating  regularly and who recommended this package that we will shortly be  voting on as it relates to small business.   Also, if I could, I would like to acknowledge members of my own staff  who have worked literally 24/7. I have talked to them at various times  during the night and day. It has been very stressful for all of us, but  our staffs get no rest whatsoever.   So to Sean Moore and the entire staff on the Democratic side of the  Small Business Committee, thank you on behalf of America's small  businesses and workers and on behalf of our country.   And to Ron Storhaug on my staff, who has been working on a lot of  these provisions in regard to the tax issues and in regard to a lot of  these issues, I thank him for all of his work.   And to Lauren Jee, who is our health person, who has not only helped  us put together this small business package, but she has been available  to help Maryland health providers and patients to try to get through  where we are today. All of that is reflected in the bill we will be  voting on later.   I know on the Republican side, there has been dedicated staff who  have done equal work to ensure that we have a bill that we can present  today.   Let me go over, if I might, some of the provisions we have in here  for small businesses. We have three new programs--three new programs-- to help small businesses in our community. They will have different  titles, but every one of them provides grant help to small businesses.  I want to repeat that. You might hear this is a loan. No, these are  going to be funds that go to small businesses that do not have to be  repaid. These are grant monies. Why? Because a small business owner  can't incur more debt today when they have no idea how they are going  to be able to survive in the future. We have to provide immediate  help--immediate help. It has to be substantial, and it has to be in a  way that they know that they are not encumbering their future. And that  is what we do. We want to get the message out that this is going to be  immediate help to help America's small businesses.   One program provides $350 billion of relief to small companies under  500 employees--$350 billion. It is triggered by going to your financial  institution and getting what is known as a 7(a) loan. But let me  caution you, it is going to be forgiven if you follow the rules here.   You go to a bank or a financial institution; you do a 7(a) loan; it  is 100 percent guaranteed by the Federal Government, so the bank has no  risk factor here. There are no payments due for a year. So, even  getting into this loan, there is no obligation for cash outlays on  behalf of the borrower. The fees have been waived, so this is a cost- free opportunity to get the cash you need to keep your small business  open. That is the purpose of this new program under the Small Business  Administration.   The amount of the loan: You take your average payroll before the  coronavirus was here--you take your monthly average payroll and  multiply it by 2.5. Basically, what you are getting is 2 months of  payroll for your workers plus an extra--it comes out to an extra 25  percent of your payroll because it is 2 months of that.   Now, what are the eligible expenses? What can you use this for? Well,  you can use the 2 months of payroll for payroll. Pay your workers. Keep  them employed. It saves you the cost of rehiring if you had to furlough  or lay off workers. You can keep them employed. You can use the extra  funds to cover the expenses that you have on their healthcare or  related expenses.   You can use the extra 25 percent for rents or mortgage payments or  utility bills. So it gives you cash to conduct your business for the  next 2 months. It gives you the ability to keep afloat so that you are  ready to rebound when the economy rebounds.   Who is eligible? As I said, companies under 500, but we went beyond  the traditional 7(a) eligibilities. For the first time under 7(a)s, we  are also allowing nonprofits to be able to get into this program so  that they will also be able to stay afloat because we know the  important work that nonprofits do for our community. They are also  eligible.   And we gave some relaxation to the 500 rule for locations--for  restaurants or hotels that have multiple locations.   This is a program that is aimed at keeping businesses open and  ready--small businesses--for when we get through this coronavirus. Then  this amount of money that you borrowed is totally forgiven--totally  forgiven--if you maintain your workforce to the precoronavirus level or  bring back your workforce to the precoronavirus level during the stated  period of time of this bill.   So, if you keep your workforce or bring back your workforce, the  government is going to help you maintain your ability and make sure  your workers get paid and their benefits are maintained.   It works very well with the other provisions that are in other parts  of this bill, such as the unemployment insurance benefits. Yes, if you  furlough workers, you can collect unemployment benefits at basically  full salary for the next 4 months, so that is also available to small  businesses. But we want you to also know that you can keep your  employees employed--there, ready for the business to rebound--as we  hope it will shortly.   So that is just one program. We have other programs available. We  have a new program which is labeled as a grant, a $10 billion grant  program for emergency cash availability for small businesses.   There are many small businesses that have a hard time going to a bank  and getting a commercial loan. There are many small businesses that  need cash today; they can't wait for that process to work its way  through to get that check from the Small Business Administration  through one of their financial institutions. It is going to take a  little bit longer for them to be able to get that done.   So we have emergency disaster relief loans in the first supplemental.  We made it clear that small businesses qualify for emergency disaster  relief loans if they have been adversely impacted by the coronavirus.  These are direct loans coming out of the Small Business Administration.  These are not loans that are from financial institutions.   We have included that in the first supplemental. We now allow you to  make that application, and with that application, if you need to get  cash immediately, the SBA can write you a check for up to $10,000. And  we want that done within 3 days. We want that money out in days, not  weeks. We hear that all the time from small businesses: We need help  now.   I was pleased to work on this program. I filed legislation on it.  This is a need that is out there today and will be available to small  business owners.   Now, we have a third program. Those are two programs where you can  get this, basically, 2-month help from the Federal Government to pay  your payroll and related expenses. You can get a $10,000 immediate cash  advancement on that through applying for a disaster relief loan and  showing a need at this stage.   Then, there is a third program. There are many small businesses today  that have existing loans under the Small Business Administration. These  are 7(a) loans or 504 loans. The 7(a) is the traditional loan. The 504  are the larger loans.   What this bill does is provide $17 billion of relief so that those  who have these existing loans do not need to make any payments on those  loans. They are forgiven for the next 6 months.   I particularly want to acknowledge Senator Coons' work on this. This  is a bill that we have been working on, and  [[Page S2031]]  it is only reasonable--we are asking others to relieve debt. Let us do  it for our small businesses under the 7(a) and 504 programs.   So there are a lot of provisions here that help our small businesses.  I want to tell you that, in addition to those three I just mentioned, I  am pleased that we do have contract protection in this bill. Let me  explain what that means. If you are a business and have a contract with  the Federal Government--this applies to all businesses, not just small  businesses, but small businesses are particularly impacted by it--but  you can't perform that government contract because you can't get access  to the facility because it is shuttered as a result of the coronavirus,  this bill allows the Federal Government to make sure you have adequate  funds available to pay your workers so that those individuals who  should have been working at the Federal facility will get paid during  this period of time.    We have also provided money for the Women's Business Centers and the  Minority Business Development Agencies that are there in our community.  Why? Because we have got to get the message out to small businesses  about these new tools, how they can access banks to get these 7(a)  loans that are forgiven--that are actually grants, how they can apply  to the Small Business Administration for disaster relief loans and get  a cash advancement and how they can get relief from their current 7(a)  and 504 loans.   So we give money to these entrepreneur service groups so that they  can help women businesses and minority businesses get access.   We have also put a clear intent that we expect the financial  institutions to make loans to all size small businesses in all  communities so that all communities can benefit from this legislation.   We have increased the size of Express loans under this. And I just  want to compliment the work of other working groups, particularly on  the tax provisions. I was very pleased to work with Senator Wyden. The  two of us worked on what is known as a retention credit, which allows  companies that have furloughed workers to bring those workers back and  get a credit up to 50 percent of that wage, up to $10,000, as a tax  credit in order to bring back those workers.   Well, for some small businesses, that may be a better option than  what I have outlined before in regard to the 2\1/2\ months of aid based  upon payroll.   You have a choice. If you can do better under the retention credit-- it is a new credit--use that credit; if not, use the other. Small  businesses are given more flexibility.   Thank you, Senator Wyden, for helping us. I also want to acknowledge  Senator Warner, who was very instrumental in getting that provision  adopted.   So you see that there are a whole range of tools in here to keep  small businesses operating--paying their workers--so that they don't  have to reinvent their employees after this crisis is over, so that  they can keep qualified people employed, they get the paychecks, and  our economy is ready to get back into shape.   Now, there are many other provisions in this bill, including the cash  payments under the IRS--$1,200 per taxpayer--that will help in this  regard. When you put this all together, this is a robust package to  hold our economy so that it can perform at a level that it is ready to  take off again without the dire consequences of people not having  income in order to pay their bills.   Through these small business provisions, small business owners can  keep their businesses intact. Through unemployment insurance, those who  are laid off or furloughed can get their salaries. Through the IRS  checks, people will have some cash. Through some of these other  programs, we are providing relief, like delaying the time of paying the  employer share of the FICA taxes.   You put that all together, there is a lot of help out here to keep  our economy going during this crisis, with particular focus on the  workers and on small business.   The last point I should point out, the self-employed, the gig  economy, are fully covered under the small business provisions. They  are fully covered under the UI provisions. We are trying to make sure  that we preserve our economy; that we preserve workers and their  families and their abilities to pay their bills.   I think, when you take a look at this whole package, the challenge  will be to get the information out to our constituents, to these  businesses, to these workers, so they know what is in this package so  that they can act now because, quite frankly, people are desperate,  companies are desperate.   When malls are closed, as they are in Maryland, and you are operating  a small business in that mall and have no business at all, you don't  know how you are going to make your next payroll, you have to make  decisions today.   That is why it is important that we vote on this bill today, we get  it to the President as soon as possible, get the information out to the  small businesses and to the workers and to all businesses that we are  here to help keep them open, to keep the paychecks flowing, to keep our  economy moving; that we are in this together. We are going to get  through this period of time. Our economy is going to come back.   We want you to know to take advantage of these tools so we can  minimize the adverse impact of the coronavirus.   With that, I yield the floor.   