 Mr. President, I first went to meet with the then- Republican nominee for President of the United States, Donald Trump-- that was October of 2016. I was really struck by his commitment.   It was kind of an interesting meeting. It was in the Trump Tower, and  they had 10 people. Ten of us were meeting, each one in one particular  area of expertise, supposedly. We had people there on energy. We had  one on healthcare. I was there for the military. And I was very honored  to be the one to advise him as to some of the issues and to talk about  that.   The thing that surprised me is his commitment at that time to  listening. You have to keep in mind, here is a guy who has been a giant  in the industry for many, many years, but he has never had anything to  do with politics or government, really. So it was a learning experience  for him, and he was actually listening. That was not his reputation,  but he was doing it.   I remember he--we had a lot of questions that we asked and comments  were made. Our conversations that day started a very strong friendship  that I had with the one who would become President Trump. The President  was listening closely. He asked good questions. Our conversations that  day started a strong friendship, where I have been honored to offer him  friendship, advice, and guidance in the area of the military, and I  think it serves him well.   One good example of one of the areas where he was listening to me,  against the advice of many of the people in his administration, was on  the issue of Ligado. The President's advisers were trying to convince  him to go ahead with the deal to sell off the GPS-adjacent spectrum;  that it was a good thing and so forth. I talked to the President and  made it very clear that allowing the Ligado deal to move ahead would  jeopardize our Nation's GPS system, impacting not just the military and  commercial aviation but farmers who rely on GPS to maintain fields and  so many more. The results would be devastating, not to mention costly.  The President got it, and we worked together on that issue.   I remember telling him how that happened. The FCC--the Federal  Communications Commission--they were to issue and to give a spectrum to  Ligado at that time. We were in recess, so I went to them, and I said:  Don't do anything until we get out of recess so we can be in on this.  There was a lot of objection to Ligado. So without listening to me, the  FCC just went ahead and did it--on a weekend, I might add. It had never  happened before. They never did it on a weekend before, but they did in  this case. And they gave the order to Ligado.   Now, the interesting part of this was--this had to do with protecting  our low-band spectrum from interference. It has nothing to do with good  work the administration has made to make the bands of spectrum  available to further our 5G development. That was all there. But that  is how this happened.   The largest group I have seen ever come together in the years I have  been in the House and the Senate on one issue was this issue--and I am  talking about everyone. You had not just DOD and almost every  bureaucracy but the airlines, the Farm Bureau, and everybody else. They  were all in on this thing.   The President made the comment. He said: You know, anytime you are  dealing with a bureaucracy and they tell you that something has to be  done, and it has to be done on a weekend, has to be done at night, then  you know something is wrong with it. Well, they rushed into it before  they had the opportunity to do it with everyone being present at the  time. But that is just another example of how close we were.   Another example was the Space Force. He wanted to do the Space Force,  and I understand that. I was not, initially, all that concerned about  it and supportive of it. But, on the other hand, you have countries  like China and Russia--our main opposition out there--they have their  space forces. And I think it is really good that we consolidated all of  our efforts. We were really working well by consolidating that thing.  We did that, and we did that together. That was one of the areas where  we worked together.   I remember another one was the area of Western Sahara. It is  something I have been on the floor talking about now for the last  couple of weeks because Western Sahara has been--we have had the same  position with Western Sahara since 1966; that is, they were rejected  from their land in that area of the world, way back during the colonial  days. In fact, at that time, it was the Spanish Sahara. We were  devoted, at that time, for a right of self-determination for the people  of Western Sahara.   I explained that to the President. At that time, he didn't have a lot  of interest. He didn't know where Western Sahara was. He didn't really  have a lot of interest in that. But then he did, and he became  committed to the idea that we have had a policy for over 30 years in  our country that we would recognize their right of self-determination.  So he went along with that.   We tried to convince him this year's National Defense Authorization  Act, as someone had told him or advised him wrongly--I am talking about  maybe some of the people in the President's administration--that  somehow the NDAA--now, the NDAA has now been passed by the House; it  has been passed by the Senate; and it is going to be signed into law  eventually. The President has talked about he might veto it, having  something to do with that it wasn't strong enough against China. I want  to get it on the record right now on the Senate floor and make sure  everyone understands that this is the toughest thing on China. Well, in  fact, it is not just me saying it. The American Enterprise Institute,  which is sometimes referred to as the conservative voice of government,  said that this bill, the NDAA of this year, the one that we passed, we  just passed, is the toughest bill on China in 20 years.   Here is why. The national defense strategy--now, this is the book. We  have to remember, this is something we need to adhere ourselves to.  This was put together by 12 of the most knowledgeable people in  America--six Republicans, six Democrats. They got together. This is  providing for our defense for the future. It is a short book, but it is  one that we have been living by. And they are very specific in their  strategy as to where China is.   So last week, President Trump's Director of National Intelligence  said  [[Page S7844]]  this--this is a quote--``The People's Republic of China poses the  greatest threat to America today, and the greatest threat to democracy  and freedom world-wide since World War II.'' That was what the Director  said.   And from everything I have seen and everything our military leaders  have told me, Director Ratcliffe is spot-on on this.   This is another quote. He said: ``Beijing intends to dominate the  [United States] and the rest of the planet economically, militarily and  technologically.'' I believe that is true. We have already seen  evidence of the strategy. Within the last few years, China built its  first military base outside of its own territory.    This is kind of interesting because this is a major deviation, what  China has been doing for decades. They have always initiated any kind  of a military activity from their own city limits. It all starts in  China. And this has been going on for a long period of time. So this is  a major deviation from that. This is a threat that China has, and they  are against us.   China has changed. They had this major advance in Djibouti. That is  the first time that they started a military operation outside of China  itself. So they did it from Djibouti. I have been down there several  times. I have flown over the area that they have.   China is not just in Djibouti, but it is all over the world. But down  in that continent of Africa, they are as far south as the further  extremes of China and all throughout. And in Tanzania, Southern  Tanzania, they are very active down there. This is something that is  new.   China is turning islands and reefs in the South China Sea into  military bases. It is another part of the world. And they have been  doing this. You all know about this. It has been going on for a long  period of time.   In fact, they now are up to seven islands. These are not legal  islands in their possession, but they took them--they created them.  They didn't take them; they created them. They made islands out there  in the ocean.   If you go and look at what they have proudly displayed on those  islands, it is as if they are preparing for world war III. That is  China.   A lot of our allies in that area are wondering where is America while  China is doing all of these things. So we are very strongly attuned to  this.   This is what is happening today, as we speak. And this is what we are  addressing in the National Defense Authorization Act on China.   In South America, China is working to secure a port access to the  Panama Canal, El Salvador, Jamaica, the Bahamas, and all throughout  that area. That is right next door to us. They are giving the Chinese  Communist Party an advantage right in our neighborhood.   In all these cases, this is not just about military influence but  economic influence as well. Meanwhile, we are watching as China steals  our intellectual property and uses it for their own gain.   A perfect example of this is in hypersonic weapons. Hypersonic  weapons--a lot of people are not familiar with that. That is state of  the art. That is a new thing. That is what we have been racing with  against our two adversaries, both China and Russia. And guess what.  China and Russia are both ahead of us in hypersonic.   People have this idea that America has the very best of everything.  Now, I have to say--and I don't say this critically of the Obama  administration, but during the last 5 years of the Obama  administration--that would be between 2010 and 2015--he reduced the  funding for the military by 25 percent. This is the Obama  administration. I don't say it critically. He had different priorities  than I have and other people have. And so at the same time he was  reducing ours by 25 percent, China had increased in that same period of  time by 83 percent. Stop to think about that. That is what is happening  right now.   The threat they pose is real; it is urgent; and it needs a strong  response. That is what the NDAA bill does. It takes strong action to  push China back, to limit their influence, to counter their malign  behavior, and to balance their military aggression.   Now, we know the best way to protect American security and prosperity  in Asia and to ensure that the Indo-Pacific remains free and open for  all is to maintain a credible balance of military power. There again,  this is what the NDAA does. It specifically singles out China in that  effort.   Until now, the ability to do this was at risk. Now, with the NDAA, we  are achieving the ``urgent change at significant scale''--again, going  back to the NDS, what it requires--and we do so by establishing the  Pacific Deterrence Initiative.   Remember, the last NDAA we had a year ago was the European  deterrence. This one we have shifted to the Pacific Deterrence  Initiative, and that is China and to dissuade China from its current  trajectory of increasing aggression in the area and in that region. The  PDI--that is the Pacific Deterrence Initiative--will enhance our  forward posture in the Pacific and push the Pentagon to get our  commanders in theater what they need. That is what we are doing now.  That is what the NDAA is doing specifically against China.   It will help us put in the right capabilities and the right forces so  China understands that there is no quick and easy way to have victory  against us because of the NDAA and the efforts that we are making.   As we speak right now, the Pacific Deterrence Initiative also deepens  our cooperation with our allies and partners in that region--building  up the capabilities that we need to protect ourselves and our allies in  that area so that they know that we are with them. We are a team with  them.   The NDAA authorizes $2 billion this year for that Pacific Deterrence  Initiative. But more than the investment, we also include the tools  that will help us make better long-term strategic decisions about  missions and priorities.   We saw how well this worked in the European Deterrence Initiative.  That was last year. Last year, we were concentrating more on Russia.  This year, it is China. So we saw how well it worked in the European  initiative, and we can now track our efforts and do the same thing with  China in the Pacific Deterrence Initiative.   Now, with the PDI, we are sending a strong signal to the Chinese  Communist Party, as well as our partners and allies, that the American  people are committed to defending our interests and values in the Indo- Pacific. Now, that is China we are talking about.   The Pacific Deterrence Initiative isn't the only way that we send  this signal. Elsewhere in the bill, we take steps to strengthen our  relationship with our critical allies and our partners in the region,  including Taiwan, India, Vietnam, and Japan.   The bill requires the Department of Defense to assess how we can  improve our operations to prevent China and other strategic competitors  from seizing control of Taiwan and threatening the territorial  integrity of our defense partners, our partners in that area.   The NDAA also invests in the equipment that will help us counter  China, to attack submarines--this is equipment that we have in the  NDAA: the attack submarines, the precision-guided munitions--many of  those, I might add, come from our State of Oklahoma--the air and  missile defense systems, electronic warfare equipment, counter-ship  capabilities, and a lot more. All of that is in the NDAA.   The reason I am saying this right now is that I think someone has  misled the President in thinking that we were not really as aggressive  as we should be in China, and we are. These are specific things we have  never seen before. This is all against China.   It invests in the innovation that will help us build the capabilities  we need to take care of China in the future--the artificial  intelligence; hypersonic weapons, where they are still leading us right  now, as we speak; quantum computing; and directed energy and beyond. It  is all in the NDAA bill that just passed through the House and through  the Senate.   So the NDAA takes these steps to support a forward posture and  favorable balance of power, but we also have to defend against the full  spectrum of their malign behavior.   Part of the problem with China is not just that they are modernizing  equipment; it is that they are stealing our ideas, our technology, and  then building on it. They are taking a shot at us and, in all of this,  doing so illegally,  [[Page S7845]]  but they are doing it very effectively. That is what China does.   To protect our intellectual property, the NDAA--this is the bill we  are talking about--creates the mechanisms to restrict employees or  former employees of the defense industrial base from working for  companies owned by or under the direction of China.   Now, this is something that has not been done before. We wake up and  we find out that some of our industries that we are depending on for  our defense are very close to China, so we are taking steps to stop  that now.   Further, we are requiring universities to, No. 1, share information  on defense-funded research; No. 2, disclose external funding for  Federal grant recipients, so those recipients of grants are not working  with the Chinese; and No. 3, limit funding for universities with  Confucius Institutes.   The NDAA also directs the President to create a whole-of-government  strategy to deter China's industrial espionage and large-scale theft of  personal information. For the first time ever, we will impose real  costs on the PRC for this behavior.   We know a big part of China's strategy is to fly under the radar.  They don't want us to know what they are doing, so we also establish  numerous provisions that will give us a better look at just what China  is up to--all of this in the NDAA.   Right now, for instance, we don't have a great sense of exactly how  much China is spending on their national defense. They lie a lot. So we  task the DOD and federally funded research and development centers to  conduct a full study of China's defense budget. Now, this is something  we haven't done before. That is in the NDAA.   We also establish an ongoing assessment of China's industrial base,  require a list of Chinese military companies operating in the United  States to be publicly shared in the Federal Register, and mandate that  recipients of Federal contracts disclose beneficial ownership. We need  to know who those people are, and that is set up in the NDAA.   Over the past few years, it has become clear that we are too reliant  on China for everything from critical materials to complex manufactured  items, like parts of naval vessels--and even for medical supplies, as  we saw just this year. The pandemic really showed us what happened and  how vulnerable we are. And we are. Everybody knows that.   The NDAA protects and reforms our defense industrial base to mitigate  these risks and to attract new performers to replace China, in other  words, to get out of China any dependence that we have on China. It is  all in the NDAA.   That is why the American Enterprise Institute, which has always been  the conscience, declared that this is the toughest legislation on China  in the last 20 years.   Lastly, the NDAA takes steps to protect the U.S. bases overseas by  requiring the Secretary of Defense to notify Congress of how host  countries using 5G networks from companies like Huawei and ZTE are  mitigating the security risks from these networks before we base new  major weapons systems there.   The last two NDAAs set the ball in motion when it comes to countering  China, and with this NDAA, I am confident that we are finally achieving  the irreversible momentum we need to effectively implement the national  defense strategy against China.   There is no turning back now. With this NDAA, we are sending China an  unmistakable signal that, whether it is today or tomorrow, there will  never be a good time for China to test America's military.   I will never forget that 4 years ago we had that meeting in Trump  Tower, and we had 10 of us in there. We were talking about the military  at that time. That is when the President became convinced--that is why  I know that it is not President Trump who is saying this about the  National Defense Authorization Act; it is advice that he is getting  from advisers who just are not telling him the right thing.   Mr. President, I want you to know we have got our foot on the throat  of China with our NDAA, and we are not going to let it up. And if any  of your advisers tell you any different than this, they are not serving  America well.   That concludes--well, not quite. Today is a very special day. I tell  everybody who cares or not--not many people do, but I do--this is my  wife's and my 61st wedding anniversary--today, December 19.   On the floor of the Senate yesterday, I talked a little bit about  that and made the comment that I don't want to be here on my wedding  anniversary, implying that I was not going to be here to vote. These  votes that we are having right now are among the most critical votes  that we have had, and I assure you I am going to be here until the last  vote is cast.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   