 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I rise today in support of the PUGET SOS Act, and I want to thank my  good friend and colleague from the State of Washington, Representative  Heck, for his tireless leadership on this important legislation, and  his partnership in working to recover this iconic body of water.   Those of us who are lucky enough to call Washington State home know  that the Puget Sound is a truly special body of water. Generations of  our friends and neighbors have built their lives and made livelihoods  on Puget Sound. Tribes, since time immemorial, have called the Sound  their home.   We know that Puget Sound is critical to the environment and to our  economic future in our region as well. Our economy is stronger because  of the Sound. Our maritime industry is stronger, our fisheries, tourism  because--listen--people want to come there. They want to boat or kayak  on it. They want to go fishing or crabbing on it. They want to dig for  clams and hike along the Sound's beaches. In fact, those experiences  are vital to people from near and far, including my own family. It is  one of our natural treasures.   Some of our region's most culturally important species, including  salmon and orca and Dungeness crab, rely on a healthy Sound. And  despite years and years of effort to protect and restore Puget Sound,  we still have a lot of work to do to address the significant  challenges, including stormwater runoff and habitat loss and harmful  algal blooms that continue to threaten the crown jewel of our region's  identity and economy. That is why I am proud to see the House advance  this critical bill, which will bring to bear the coordinated Federal  resources necessary to save Puget Sound.   If we are going to recover our salmon and orca populations, if we are  going to ensure future generations can dig for clams, if we are going  to respect and uphold Tribal treaty rights, we need the Federal  Government to step up and support the work already being done by the  State and Tribes and local communities and businesses that all depend  on a healthy Sound. We need all oars in the water rowing in the same  direction. I am proud that, by passing this bill, we will make  meaningful progress toward those goals.   Mr. Speaker, I am not just here speaking on this bill as a  Representative, I am here today as a dad. If future generations,  including my two little girls, are going to have the opportunities to  enjoy these treasures and to build their livelihoods in our region, we  have got to act now and protect and restore the Sound.   So, again, I thank my colleague and friend, Denny Heck, for his  leadership on this issue.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   