 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker. I rise today to  support H. Res. 908, which condemns all forms of anti-Asian sentiment  as related to COVID-19. Since the beginning of this pandemic, the Asian  American community in Philadelphia and nationwide has seen an alarming  surge in anti-Asian bigotry and in hate crimes. There is no doubt that  COVID-19 has resulted in the spread of hate, racism, and xenophobia  toward the Asian American community.   As you may already know, the FBI warned at the end of March that they  expected to see hate crime incidents against Asian Americans to  increase suddenly as the general public associated the coronavirus with  the Asian American population. At its peak, there were nearly 100 hate  incidents being reported each day. Yet, the President and his  Administration failed to address this and fueled this misconception  with their rhetoric.   Madam Speaker, words matter. This widespread racism against Asian  Americans during this public health crisis is a serious and destructive  issue that negatively impacts the lives of millions in our nation.  Congress has a duty to address the ongoing anti-Asian sentiment and  break the silence, raise awareness, and change the public perception  surrounding it.   In my hometown of Philadelphia, we have witnessed far too many hate  crimes. Back in February, a young man and woman were physically  assaulted by a group of juveniles at a SEPTA station in what appeared  to be a racially motivated anti-Asian attack. In March, several Asian  American homes were harassed through letters. Later in April, an Asian  American-owned restaurant in my Congressional district was vandalized  with spray-paint graffiti that included a racial slur. Just last month,  an Asian American pregnant mother was attacked on the streets by  someone who deliberately mentioned her race during the attack.   The Asian American community has enriched the city of Philadelphia,  and our nation, and we must do more to protect them. The prejudice  against the Asian American community distracts us from finding real  solutions to the pandemic at a time when they are much needed.   Madam Speaker, now, more than ever, it is important to stand in  solidarity with the Asian American community. We cannot let the rise in  hateful rhetoric and discrimination go unchecked. We must work together  to build a more inclusive and diverse society, and this resolution is a  step toward achieving that. urge my colleagues to join me in supporting  this resolution to build on America's diversity, which has proven to be  one of our greatest strengths.   