 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairwoman  Lowey for the opportunity to bring this critical amendment to the  floor. Her leadership of the Committee is matched only by her  commitment to combat the nefarious rise of anti-Semitism around the  world, and unfortunately here at home.   I encourage my colleagues to support my amendment to the FY2021  State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs appropriations bill, to  increase the Diplomatic Policy and Support account by $500,000 in order  to double the amount allocated for the Office of the Special Envoy to  Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism (SEAS), Elan Carr.   Over the last year, we've seen an increase in anti-Semitic rhetoric  and violence directed against Jewish communities in the United States  as well as around the world. In my home city of New York, hate crimes  spiked by 72 percent over the same period last year. We've also seen  distressing cases of violence, like the terror attacks in Monsey during  the celebration of Hanukkah and the assault against a synagogue in  Halle, Germany. We've even seen anti-Semites target Jewish Members of  Congress like me for daring to stand up to them. It is clear that need  to be investing, now more than ever, to monitoring and combatting anti- Semitism wherever it rears its head.   The Office of the Special Envoy, and especially Special Envoy Carr,  have done incredible work addressing this rise in global anti-Semitism.  Yet the office currently has only three dedicated full-time staffers,  including the Special Envoy himself, and a number of detailees. The  critical work of the Special Envoy and his Assistant Envoys requires  the staff and the commensurate budget with which to confront this  challenge. By doubling the amount allocated for the office, the Special  Envoy will be able to hire more staff, to include specialists and  operations support, as well as increase their activities identifying  anti-Semitism and sharing best practices with Jewish communities around  the world.   This amendment will provide a much-needed investment at a critical  time for Jews around the world. I urge its inclusion in the House  Appropriations package, and thank my colleagues for their support.   