 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I stand in a distressing place of  speaking after Senator Brown, of Ohio, and before Senator Blumenthal,  of Connecticut, but I am delighted to be here tonight because the  issues are so important.   We are in a place in the Senate that is, frankly, weird, and I don't  know if people around here have gotten used to this being weird, but it  is weird. It is not normal. In the Senate, we have essentially  eliminated legislation. We don't do that any longer. The House sends  over legislation, and it piles up in stacks on Mitch McConnell's desk.  We legislate, maybe, four or five things in an entire session of  Congress. That is weird. We are a legislative body. We are supposed to  legislate. Why the elimination of legislation?   We have smashed through and destroyed norm after norm, tradition  after tradition, rule after rule. Why is that? Do people get some  perverse glee in smashing norms and traditions? Do people get some  perverse glee in not passing legislation when they are sent here to  legislate? It doesn't make any sense.   Then you look at those on the other side and their 180 reversal. When  they wanted to stop a Supreme Court Justice, we heard about how  important it was that, before an election, the American people got to  weigh in through their votes and that you shouldn't have a nominee  appointed to the Court in the months before an election. Here we are,  weeks before an election, and, suddenly--whoop--180. Why the hypocrisy?  Did someone come and do one of those hypnosis parlor tricks on people  so they would suddenly do the opposite thing from what they wanted to  do?   What is the explanation for the elimination of legislation? for the  smashing of norms and traditions? for the reversal of the precedent on  immediate preelection confirmations? We are even seeing intense support  for a Supreme Court nominee when we don't even have a nominee.   There is a phrase about a pig in a poke. You are not supposed to buy  a pig in a poke. You are not supposed to buy a piglet in a bag when you  haven't had a look at the piglet to see what is in there.   We haven't seen the look at whatever--to use the analogy the piglet  in the bag would be. Yet everybody is already lined up to support  getting that person through quick, quick, quick. That is not normal.  That is weird. People don't ordinarily express their support for  nonexistent nominees.   So what explains all this weirdness? What I think explains all this  weirdness is that a very, very powerful group of very, very big special  interests has glommed itself together and over years, over decades, has  built up an apparatus specifically to control the Court--specifically.   If you look at the Washington Post report on Leonard Leo and his  Federalist Society perch and the bizarre little web of front groups  that he has woven around that perch, you will see that they have  documented more than $200 million flowing through that setup--more than  $200 million.   So here is how it works right now: When you have a Republican  President,  [[Page S5768]]  the President doesn't pick the nominee; a special interest group picks  the nominee--the Federalist Society. Trump said so. That is where he  got his list. His lawyer Don McGahn said so. He said he was in-sourced  from the Federalist Society.   Over and over again, people involved in the process say: We take our  judicial selection picks from the Federalist Society. And when they say  that, what do they mean? The Federalist Society is just a corporate  screen. It is an entity. It does things on college campuses that have  think tanks here. But what does it really mean? It means that the  people who are putting tens of millions, hundreds of millions of  dollars anonymously into that organization are getting a voice or a  veto in the makeup of the Supreme Court. They are not even having to  show who they are, and the Federalist Society does the screening for  them.   You don't put tens of millions of dollars into a group and not expect  a result. If you give tens of millions of dollars to a university, not  only do you expect your idiot kid to get into the university, but you  also expect them to name a building after you. So if you are going to  put that kind of money into the Federalist Society, you are going to  want something for it. To say that is not rational makes no sense at  all. It is inconsistent with human behavior.   I will tell you that if you took the names off the players and asked  people in this room ``Should anonymous special interests with tens of  millions of dollars to spend be able to have a voice or a veto in who  gets elected to be a Federal judge or a U.S. Supreme Court Justice,  screened through a partisan, private organization?'' anybody in their  right mind would say ``No. That is unacceptable. That is preposterous.  Of course you wouldn't want that.''   If this were a liberal organization, my Republican colleagues would  be running around here with their hair on fire about the scandal of  secret donors deciding who is going to be on the Supreme Court and  masking themselves behind a front group.   It is not just Federalist Society money. It is not just the $100,  $200 million that flow through that network. Look at the Judicial  Crisis Network, which runs the ads for these nominees once the  Federalist Society has selected them. It gets contributions to pay for  the ads. Do you know who pays for it? One person gave a $17-plus  million contribution in the Garland v. Gorsuch row, and somebody gave  another $17 million to get the beleaguered Kavanaugh through, and  somebody else just gave $15 million.   Now, I say ``somebody else,'' but do we know it was somebody else, or  is there a perfectly logical case to be made that the same person gave  $17 million and $17 million and $15 million? That is $50 million. You  don't think that in their secret back room, wherever they arrange that,  they cut a deal that they would have a veto or a voice in who got on  the Supreme Court? That is a ridiculous proposition.   It doesn't end there. Once the Federalist Society has selected the  nominee and once the Judicial Crisis Network has done its thing to  support them with millions of dollars in TV ads and then they get  confirmed, then comes the Pacific Legal Foundation or the Washington  Legal Foundation or the Mountain States Legal Foundation or one of  innumerable, phony-baloney legal foundations, all of which, guess what,  are also supported by dark money--the anonymous money behind the  Federalist Society, the anonymous money behind the Judicial Crisis  Network, and then the anonymous money behind these groups, which then  bring carefully strategized cases before the judges who have been  selected and campaigned for by dark money.   Then the dark money groups bring the case in. So far, the five  Republicans on the Court have been very good about lowering the  standing requirements so that those cases get right in and they can  hear them. Then the case is before them, and what do you see? You see a  dozen phony front groups with anonymous funding all show up as friends  of the court--amici curiae they call it in court-speak.   I did a brief recently on the Consumer Financial Protection Board  case, and we showed the common funding of the other amici who showed  up--a dozen of them, all funded by the same organizations. They are not  separate.   A group called the Center for Media Democracy took a look at our  brief and took a look at that graph and said: You know, I bet you we  can improve on that with a little bit of research. They put their  scholars and their investigators and their researchers on it, and they  did way better. They showed much deeper connections between the funders  and the phony-baloney amicus groups.   What if--what if it is the same small group of funders who are  running money through the Federalist Society to select the judges,  running money through the Judicial Crisis Network to campaign for them,  running money through these legal foundations to tee up the right cases  to bring before the judges, and then running anonymous money into the  amici--what if it is the same big beast? It is less complicated than  many corporate structures. They are perfectly capable of doing it. With  that kind of money behind it, you can bet they will line people up in  this building, and that explains the bizarre behavior.   We are not seeing bizarre behavior because we have bizarre  colleagues; we are seeing bizarre behavior because we have a bizarre  force being applied in this whole judicial selection process. It is an  apparatus, and the reason they want to do this is because if they  control courts, they can make courts do things Congress would never do.  Even Republicans in Congress would never do the things that these  special interests can get courts to do.   Do you think you could get a bill through the House and Senate--even  controlled by Republicans--that allowed unlimited corporate special  interest spending in elections? Of course you couldn't. It would be a  ridiculous proposition. People would get laughed at when they went  home. There would be town meetings. People would throw tomatoes at  them. But you put five of the right Justices on the Supreme Court, and  they will make it the law of the land for you. Unlimited special  interest funding. Sure, we are for that. What a great idea.   Getting rid of voting rights. Disabling the Voting Rights Act. We  voted in enormous bipartisan numbers to reauthorize the Voting Rights  Act. It took five unelected, lifetime-tenured Supreme Court Republican  Justices to say: No, no, no. We know better. Racism is over. We know  that racism is over because we are such brilliant people up in our  little preserve in the Supreme Court.   They found that racism was over. We didn't have to worry about it  anymore. Pre-clearance didn't have to happen. It could never have  passed. But get five on the Court, and they did it.   And then, of course, terminating the Affordable Care Act. We know  that can't be done by Republican-controlled bodies because this  Republican-controlled body failed to do it. So where do you go? Oh,  right--to the Court, where we can get a 5-to-4 decision that does  things that legislators wouldn't do--wouldn't hold their nose and do.  And sure enough, what is up? November 10, the argument on the case  against the Affordable Care Act.   This isn't just a theory; this is real people. I have 34,000 Rhode  Islanders who have insurance through HealthSource RI, the market that  got set up pursuant to the Affordable Care Act--34,000 who get their  insurance there. I have 72,000 Rhode Islanders who get their insurance  because we took the Medicaid expansion. They wouldn't have insurance  except for the Medicaid expansion. I can fight in every way I can to  try to protect their rights here in this building, but you go over to  the Supreme Court, and five and now maybe six Republican Justices can  decide: We know better. We are going to undo the Affordable Care Act  and take away all their protections.   This is going to hurt. We have all those Rhode Islanders. We have two  of the best ACOs in the country in Rhode Island--accountable care  organizations--set up under the Affordable Care Act. It is a whole new  way to deliver primary care. They are lowering costs. They are  improving care. They are driving down their numbers. Their patients are  happier than ever. They are changing the way they are doing care. They  are making their patients healthier at less cost, with more attention.  It is a great experiment, and it is going to be undone by this--not  because anybody voted for it but because  [[Page S5769]]  we crammed--with this powerful special interest apparatus behind us-- people on the Court who will obediently do these things when you trot a  dozen phony-baloney amicus curiae in front of the Court to, all in  chorus, tell them what they are supposed to do.   Nationally, we are a nation of, what, 330 million people? We are a  nation of 156 million preexisting conditions. Of course we are not  going to throw out preexisting conditions. Even the President, while he  is litigating to throw out preexisting conditions, says: I don't want  to throw out preexisting conditions. He knows he can't get away with  it. We know that it is stupid, wrong, and cruel, but pack the Court  with people who are listening to these big special interest types?  Poof. There goes preexisting conditions.   There are 11.8 million people on Medicare who have saved $26.8  billion on prescriptions thanks to the savings in the Affordable Care  Act. You would have to be nuts to take that away from seniors, but put  the right people on that Court over there, tell them what to do through  this big donor apparatus, and suddenly--boom. Poof. Gone. Because they  are accountable to nobody once they are over there. It is a lifetime  appointment.   Bridget in Tiverton is a Rhode Islander. She is in her twenties. She  has a hip dysplasia that led to premature arthritis. She was in  constant pain. In her twenties, she had to have a hip replacement.  Well, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, because her dysplasia and  arthritis were preexisting conditions, she was able to get her hip  replaced. She is now, for the first time in her life, fully employed  and pain-free. She is happy. She is an ObamaCare care success story.  Why would you want to undo that? Because you are a huge special  interest and you want things your way.   Martha from Cranston was uninsured. She had to have gallbladder  surgery. She ran up a $60,000 bill with no insurance and had to declare  bankruptcy. That is going to haunt her for a while because we don't let  her clean up after that even if it is a medical bankruptcy. But now she  can get insurance for $283 a month, which she can afford, rather than  over $500 a month, which she could not afford. So she is now an insured  person and doesn't have to worry about that kind of unexpected bill and  bankruptcy.   These are real people. And what is happening with these special  interests--I just don't get it. I just don't see how it is that people  in this body can say that it is OK to have huge special interests that  will spend $17 million at a lick, $50 million at a lick, $10 million at  a lick secretly control who gets picked to be on the Supreme Court. In  what world is that acceptable or even fair or an even decent way to do  business? It just isn't. It is indefensible. Yet that is exactly what  is happening. It is the same special interests that fund the Republican  Party. It is the same special interests that are behind the big super  PACs, and the big dark money PACs. That is why everybody has to hop  around here because if we say no to them on their selected nominee,  then they will say: Well, we are cutting you off then. You are all  done. And when they spend tens of millions of dollars on politics, it  is pretty hard to tell them: Well, we don't care. We will stand up to  you anyway. We are not going to take your money any longer. And that is  the pickle we are in right here. That is the mess that we are in, and  we have to fix it. It is wrong to be in this position. It is wrong to  be using this space on the Court to send somebody over who is going to  attack basic healthcare that we fought for and that Congress could not  undo because the American people want it.    With that, I yield the floor.   