 Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, so here we are. I am down on the floor with my good  friend, Frank Pallone, who I am a fan of. And, actually, I am a fan of  Jeff Carroll, which probably surprises a lot of people.   What we are doing here today, and they know it, just goes too far.  Here we are, on a transportation and infrastructure bill, debating  energy and telecommunications and healthcare issues.   The preeminent committee in Washington, D.C., is the Energy and  Commerce Committee. I proudly served on it for 24 years. We take pride  in that. But here, today, we have allowed leadership to take our  jurisdiction and give it to the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee. There are a lot of Committee on Energy and Commerce chairmen  and ranking members who are rolling over in their graves today, and I  am particularly disappointed.   The original bill that came out of T&I, it is right here, $500  billion. This is the bill that came out of T&I. The bill that we are  debating today, $1.5 trillion.   Where did the trillion come from? Well, it came from the Rules  Committee, Mr. Speaker, which added bills from other jurisdictions that  had no hearings, no markups, no process.   In fact, I see my good friend Mr. Doyle here, and I wrote down what  he said: There ought to be a deliberative discussion on that provision.   I think it was on autonomous vehicles. Well, we didn't have a  deliberative discussion because we allowed, for some reason, the powers  that may be, and I think I can probably surmise, and I will get to that  when I get close to the end of my 15 minutes. But, I am heartbroken.   Tim Scott was on the floor of the Senate last week, talking about how  the process is broken in the Senate on criminal justice reform. He  couldn't even get a debate on his bill. This is an example of a broken  process.   As I leave my last year in Congress, I am saddened. I have loved it,  24 years, made great friends, did some good public policy. But, gang,  something is wrong here when we don't even stand up for the  jurisdiction of our own committee and allow our committees to work in a  bipartisan manner to bring bills that are acceptable. It is sad.   Mr. Speaker, I have been joined by Bruce Westerman from Arkansas, who  wants to talk a few minutes on some energy provisions that are in a T&I  bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Westerman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 45 seconds to the  gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman).    Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   So, CBO came out with a report on this bill. It will add to the  deficit $450 billion. That is the CBO report just out today.   Now, we spent a lot of money this year. I guess I am really getting  reflective because when I ran 20 years ago, I was railing against the  national debt, which was at that time $4 trillion. That is why I ran.  Four trillion dollars. Now it is, what, 26?   And most of us joined in a lot of that this Congress because of the  pandemic, and I get it. But I believe that eventually someone has got  to pay the piper. And who will that be? Well, it won't be me, I am  going to retire, unless they go after my Social Security and my pension  fund and my investments. But it is going to be our children and our  grandchildren. So eventually we are going to have to get serious about  this.   This bill out of the T&I Committee came out at $500 billion. Out of  the Rules Committee on the floor it added $1 trillion. And, again, as  we have discussed today, most of that additional trillion dollars  hasn't been vetted by the committee, at least the Committee of Energy  and Commerce, which is the predominant jurisdiction on this en bloc  amendment. That is why I am here and have been asked to speak on this.   We have got a DOE program. We have got another DOE program. We have  got FCC broadband. We have got another interconnectivity. We have  another FCC program. We have got chemical safety stuff--which if you  ever want to  [[Page H2976]]  be an expert in an area, be an expert on chemical issues in this  Congress, and you will be beating your head in. A clean energy  sustainable accelerator; that sounds like a T&I provision. Grid  security. FCC. EPA. Booster seat labeling. That was my original bill 20  years ago; child safety seats. NTSA. Vehicle bumpers and hoods.  Consumer protection and safety. DOE. Voltage requirements. Energy. Safe  Drinking Water Act, one of my favorites; we worked in a bipartisan  manner. I know brownfields was mentioned; we worked in a bipartisan  manner. Replace fossil fuel fire technology in a T&I bill. That is  interesting. GAO report. Territories.   I can go on, but it is a tad frustrating when, again, you have a  committee of jurisdiction that works well. We have credible hearings.  We usually go through regular order. In fact, I remember my good  friend, Chairman Pallone, berating us constantly about going through  regular order. And regular order for us is: Have a hearing, mark it up  in a subcommittee, take it to the full committee and then move it to  the floor. TSCA worked that way. We worked together on that. Shoot, we  don't even have a hearing on many of these bills, no less a  subcommittee mark or a full committee mark. So why are we doing this?   It is a waste of time. It is a waste of effort. And it is politics at  its worst. Because we are giving people the chance to say, I moved my  bill through the floor of the House. I am saving the Nation and our  problems. Aren't you proud of me, my voters and my constituents?  Hogwash. Embarrassing. I am disappointed. I am frustrated.   We are in the minority. I get it. I can get beat down as good as  anybody else, which I have been. But really, on bills like battery  technology that we can move in a bipartisan manner and get to the  floor, we have to shove it in a Transportation and Infrastructure bill?  No, we don't. Even in virtual Congresses we could pass a battery  technology improvement bill. I would grant it.   I think part of the reason why we are shoving all this in is because  coronavirus and social distancing and getting together is going to make  it difficult to move things to the floor. So this T&I bill is going to  get off the floor, open up the kitchen sink, throw everything in it  whether it is germane or not. That is what happened here. Don't be  surprised.   And my colleagues who are complaining that it is not going to see the  light of day, it is not. But I don't mind the debate. I just wish we  would have it in the committee. I wish we would have it at a hearing. I  wish we would have a subcommittee mark. I mean, we are in the minority,  we are still going to get our heads beat in. But do we have to do it in  this manner?   So, again, a T&I bill came out of their committee this size, $500  billion, came to the floor with another $1 trillion and 2,000 pages,  mostly from jurisdictions that didn't have hearings, didn't have  comments, just Members' wish lists that they knew they could attach. It  is not going to go anywhere, so open it up. Everyone can claim victory  that they have saved the Republic.   Well, they added $450 billion to the deficit on a meaningless bill  that appeases the base, especially the far left environmental group  that want a Green New Deal. The public has rejected the Green New Deal.  And if they haven't, then let's have that debate on the floor and in  the committee. Why do we do it here? It shouldn't be in a T&I bill. It  should be in the Environment Subcommittee, my subcommittee--well,  ranking member.   And I will end on this because my time is running out. I have been  lectured many, many years in the committee about our jurisdiction and  regular order. And here we are. I am disappointed, Mr. Speaker. We are  better than this. The institution is worse because of what we are  seeing today, and I think what is going to happen is we are going to  continue to lose the power of the committees if we let the Speakers,  whether it is a Republican or a Democrat, consolidate power. And our  committees better start standing up for themselves if we want to see  progress in the future, if we want to reclaim our roles as  representatives.    We have become experts in these committees of jurisdiction. Twenty- four years, we better. If we are not experts, then what have we been  doing for 24 years? We are about as smart as any public policy guy in  telecommunications or in healthcare or in energy. So why is it in a  transportation bill? Just because coronavirus, election year politics,  Green New Deal.   And I would just warn my colleagues, I am going to go back and I am  going to teach once I leave this Chamber, and I am going to use this as  an example of a failed system that is not operating the way in which we  have been able to do for many years.   It looks like the Speaker is about ready to gavel me down, so before  he does that, I thank my colleagues for letting me preach.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   