 Madam President, on rollcall vote 189, I voted nay. It  was my intention to vote yea. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that I  be permitted to change my vote since it will not affect the outcome.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the Senate vote on the  motion to invoke cloture on the Hinderaker nomination at 11:45 a.m.  tomorrow; further, that if cloture is invoked, the Senate vote on  confirmation of the Hinderaker nomination at 4 p.m. tomorrow; and that  following disposition of the nomination, the Senate vote on the motion  to invoke cloture on the Young nomination. I further ask that if  cloture is invoked on the Young nomination, the confirmation vote occur  at a time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation with  the Democratic leader on Thursday, September 24; finally, that the  cloture motion on the Samuels nomination be withdrawn and the Senate  vote on confirmation of the Samuels nomination following the cloture  vote on the Young nomination.    Madam President, I understand there is a bill at the  desk, and I ask for its first reading.    Madam President, I now ask for a second reading, and in  order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule  XIV, I object to my own request.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m.,  Wednesday, September 23; further, that following the prayer and pledge,  the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be  approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their  use later in the day, and morning business be closed; finally, that  following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session to  resume consideration of the Hinderaker nomination under the previous  order.    Madam President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of our Democratic  colleagues.   