 Reserving the right to object, when the COVID crisis  first hit, this body, all of Congress, recognized how serious the  situation was, and we acted. We acted in a very bipartisan fashion. We  acted in a massive fashion, as a matter of fact.   We understood that the American people, through no fault of their  own--businesses were shutting down, people were unemployed--and we  needed to provide a massive level of relief, and we did that in a  bipartisan, almost unanimous fashion.   All the needs have not been met. Republicans completely understand  that, which is why we spent the August recess in daily calls, talking  amongst ourselves, trying to focus and target where the relief is best  directed.   What we understood when we passed the more than $3 trillion of COVID  relief in the early parts of this pandemic was that our efforts were  going to be far from perfect, but they needed relief and, again, we  supported it.   One of the things we were trying to focus on, when we are already $27  trillion in debt, was recognizing the fact that we don't have an  unlimited credit card; that we had to really take the time and hone the  next relief package.   We did that over the August recess, and we came together with a very  targeted, very appropriate, and still a very expensive package, over  $600 billion when you add up the plus-up for unemployment benefits,  $300 per week, a level that is sufficient but not so high that it  actually provides incentive for people to stay on the sidelines and not  enter the workforce.   In my State of Wisconsin, one of the biggest problems employers have  is they simply don't have the ability to track people off the sidelines  when you have a $600 plus-up. We provided additional funding for PPP,  particularly for small businesses that have been devastated. Owners  have seen their life savings wiped out. That additional over $200 plus- up in relief for small businesses would be targeted, would be  appropriate, and it is necessary.   There is over $100 billion for schools, tens of billions of dollars  for additional testing and vaccines, billions of dollars for childcare  and agriculture. In total, on top of $3 trillion, which is 14 percent  of our GDP--by the way, a fair amount of that is still unspent and  unobligated. We took a little bit of that which was unspent and  unobligated and repurposed it for this new targeted package.   Fifty-two Republican Senators voted for that bill twice. Rather than  take yes for an answer, rather than saying: Thank you, we will support  this level of relief for the American people, our colleagues on the  other side of the aisle just said no.  [[Page S6432]]    An analogy I have been using would be, Mr. President, if I said: Mr.  President, give me $200. The Presiding Officer would look at me in  shock, but because he is a generous individual, he would say: Maybe not  $200, but I will give you $100. But just because the Presiding Officer  didn't give me the full $200, I would go stomping off, and I don't even  take the $100. That is, in effect, what the Senators on the other side  of the aisle are doing.   We are offering and we supported $600 billion on top of $3 trillion  in relief--necessary relief, needed relief for unemployment benefits,  for small businesses, for vaccines, for testing, for education, for  childcare. It is there for the taking. All they have to do is say yes.  Yet they say no because they would rather have an issue rather than  result.   Are they serious about helping the American public or do they just  want to play politics? I think the answer is quite obvious.   I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, where do  you begin? That was quite the statement.   At some point in time, it just becomes galling to listen to the  tactics--the scare tactics and false allegations, particularly from the  other side that gave us the Affordable Care Act, an Orwellian-named  bill if there ever were one.   One of the promises made to promote that bill was, in the end,  determined to be the PolitiFact Lie of the Year--I think in the year  2013: If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan. If you  like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.   Millions of Americans lost their healthcare plans. They lost their  doctors. Premiums didn't decline by $2,500 per family; they actually  skyrocketed--sometimes two, three, four times the price because of the  faulty design of healthcare, of the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare.   Probably the greatest false allegation that is just offensive--and,  by the way, to call every Member on this side spineless is offensive.  We have different views. You know, you try to respect the different  views if you actually want to accomplish something.   But one of the greatest false allegations--and they go back to the  well time and time and time and time again about this--is the  Republicans don't want to protect the coverage for people with  preexisting conditions. Nothing could be further from the truth.   That was an argument made back in 2010, and the American people  decided that we should do that. Republicans agreed with the American  people that we wanted to protect everybody's coverage, covering people  with preexisting conditions.   We just want to do it where it doesn't cost Americans an arm and a  leg. The faulty architecture of ObamaCare caused premiums to double,  triple, and quadruple because they actually made a very small slice of  the American public--5 to 7 percent of the people who had to buy  coverage on the individual market, who don't have the employer coverage  plans that cover people with preexisting conditions--they made that  small percentage of the American public bear the full cost and brunt of  covering people with preexisting conditions. It was not smart. It was a  faulty design.   The way you fix it is, yes, you require insurance carriers to cover  people with preexisting conditions, not deny them coverage, but you  spread that cost over everybody.   Just as I mentioned earlier to the Democratic leader when I objected  to his bill, our friends on the other side of the aisle are far more  interested in an issue rather than getting a result.   How do I know this? Well, particularly on this issue, covering people  with preexisting conditions, four times in just the last few days and  weeks, they have voted no, first on two COVID relief packages--the ones  I was referring to earlier--the target package that does provide  financial relief to the unemployed, to small businesses, to schools, to  parents with childcare and provides funding for agriculture and testing  and vaccines--that also included language to protect coverage for  people with preexisting conditions.   Twice in the last few days or weeks, they have also voted no on  Senator Tillis's bill that does exactly that--protect the insurance  coverage of people with preexisting conditions.   Now, if they were really serious about protecting the coverage of  people with preexisting conditions, they would have voted yes. But they  voted no.   So I could go on and on. I have jotted down all kinds of points that  I would like to refute, but it is really not worth the time and effort.   Again, let me emphasize that Republicans agreed with the American  people. This debate is over. We have offered proposals to do just this.  We want to protect the insurance coverage of every American with  preexisting conditions. We just want to do it in a way that doesn't  cost them an arm and a leg like ObamaCare did.   So I personally am just getting sick of the false allegations, and  that is only one of them. I could drone on and on about the false  allegations made by the other side against Republicans and  conservatives, but I will focus on this: This is a false charge. It is  canard. It is a scare tactic. I am begging the American people not to  listen to it or believe it. Republicans want to protect the insurance  coverage of people with preexisting conditions. If they were serious  about it, they would have voted yes on what we have already proposed;  and for that and many other reasons, I object.     Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, this deserves a response.   The pandemic is an act of God. Maybe--maybe--and we don't know. We  don't know what complicity China had in--the chance that it was  developed in a lab in this. We just don't know. But we certainly know  that China controlled the spread in China while they allowed their  citizens to go all over the world and spread the pandemic. It is an act  of God. It is certainly nobody's fault in the United States.   As chairman of Homeland Security, we have had before our committee  the men and women in charge of these agencies who are trying to respond  to an incredibly difficult situation.   I never criticized President Obama or Vice President Biden during  H1N1. It was a contagious disease, and 60 million Americans were  infected by it. I am not sure there is anything you really can do to  prevent infections.   Now, I think we have actually been pretty successful in flattening  the curve, people taking responsibility, becoming germophobes. We shut  down our economy. Now, I never thought we should shut it down to the  extent that we have because I have always tried to keep things in  perspective, the human toll of the economic devastation of those  shutdowns. But again, I find it galling when I know people like Pete  Gaynor, General Giroir--the men and women--Dr. Birx, Dr. Hahn, the men  and women in this administration who have been working 24/7 to respond  as effectively as they can to an act of God, a pandemic.   Now, I have been on the conference calls. This administration has  been as transparent as any I have seen. To accuse this administration  of hiding the truth--I don't know where you were during the early  months of this, but I was watching the hour- and 2-hour-long press  conferences where the truth was being laid out in all its gory detail.  Any American who watched that that wasn't concerned about COVID, I  don't know what they were looking at. There was no hiding the ball  here. President Trump and his administration made it very obvious what  was at stake.   I am also aware of the fact that because of this act of God, because  of this pandemic, there was an enormous demand for products that should  have been in the national stockpile but wasn't there because the  previous administration had run the stockpile down, and then we, all of  us collectively, took our eye off the ball and didn't restore it. So  the product just wasn't there. But I do know, in a very difficult  situation, when demand outstrips supply by two or three times, the men  and women in this administration, again, working tirelessly, allocated  that PPE.   I am not aware that anybody ran out. Now, I know that everybody  didn't get everything they wanted because some tough decisions had to  be made. We had to surge PPE product to those hotspots, and where the  pandemic wasn't raging, people didn't get everything they needed  [[Page S6437]]    I am not aware of anybody who wanted to get placed on a ventilator  who didn't get one because they used the war production act. We did  extraordinary things in terms of ramping up production. Now we are  supplying ventilators to the world.   You can overlook all these things, and you can say the administration  wasn't honest with the American public, but I think the actual facts  refute those charges.   Maybe in other people's world there is perfection, and in this  pandemic you can stop it in its tracks. You can prevent further  infections. But that didn't happen with H1N1, even though they tried.  Sixty-million Americans got it. Fortunately, it was not as deadly as  the coronavirus and COVID-19.   Again, among many things that are galling, the false allegations--to  me, to politicize a pandemic, to politicize a virus that is killing  Americans, to denigrate the efforts of the men and women in these  agencies who have worked 24/7 is just simply wrong. This is not  something that should divide us; that we should politicize. It is  something that should unite us as prior crises in this country have.  So, again, there are so many more other things I can say, but I see the  Senator from Alaska is here, and I don't want to take any more time on  the floor.   I yield the floor.   