 Mr. President, last night Iran fired more than a dozen  ballistic missiles at two military bases in Iraq where American troops  were based. It was a brazen escalation with dangerous implications for  the United States and the world.   We are fortunate. As of today, at this moment, none of our personnel  have been reported to have been harmed, but the outrageous act was a  clear and unsurprising retaliation to President Trump's killing of  Iranian General Soleimani.   Our first order of business must be the safety of our military and  civilian personnel in Iraq and the region, and I call on the Trump  administration to make that the highest priority. Another immediate  requirement is that the Congress step up and play one of the most  important and long-neglected constitutional roles that we can envision.  Article I, section 8, of the U.S. Constitution is clear in stating that  the power to declare war is an explicit authority and power of  Congress, as it  [[Page S66]]  should be. One should never send our sons and daughters into conflict  without the knowledge and consent of the American people. Our Founding  Fathers were wise in making sure that this awesome power did not rest  with a King-like leader but with the people's elected representatives.  I have made this same argument regardless of whether the occupant of  the White House was a Democrat or a Republican.   Some have had the audacity to argue that the 2001 authorization for  the use of military force approved by this Congress to respond to the  September 11, 2001, attacks or the 2002 AUMF, the war with Iraq, apply  to the situation today in Iran. That is clearly wrong.   Let me be clear. I cannot imagine that anyone--anyone--who took  either of those votes nearly 20 years ago--and I was here at that  time--thought that they were approving a war with Iran two decades  later. I certainly didn't.   This Congress should not be a troubling rubberstamp for President  Trump's worst instincts by marching into another war in the Middle  East. Simply, it is time for Members of this important body to show  some courage and do their constitutional jobs. If you want a war with  Iran, step up and face your constituents and record your vote  accordingly.   The War Powers Resolution I filed last week, with the leadership of  Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, will be a first step regarding  Congress's role in any conflict with Iran but not a last step.  Ultimately, this President cannot start a war with Iran without the  approval, under the Constitution, of Congress, and the Republican  leadership should not roll over and play the role of lapdog when it  comes to such a serious, life-and-death matter.   Tragically, this escalation with Iran--and the heightened risk to our  personnel and security interests--was entirely predictable, except, it  appears, to President Trump and Secretary Pompeo. The question was  never the simplistic canard over whether killing Soleimani, a genuinely  loathsome terrorist actor, was warranted or not, but, clearly, whether  taking him off the face of the Earth was in the best interest of the  United States.   Would such an act really advance the cause and interest and policies  of our country or precipitate another war in the Middle East? The  answer is increasingly upon us, and we here must debate this crisis  before President Trump drags us even closer to this precipice.   Mr. President, sadly, President Trump's erratic and incoherent  policies toward Iran have greatly contributed to the current crisis.   Before taking office, Iran's nuclear weapons program was halted in a  historic agreement President Obama negotiated in cooperation with our  European allies, China, and Russia.   Iran continued its malign behaviors in the region, but containing  them was much easier without the threat of a nuclear bomb.   President Trump petulantly withdrew from the nuclear agreement and  tried to starve Iran of benefits it was to receive from that deal.   He pursued an incomprehensible erratic policy of regime change by  trying to flatter and meet with Iranian President Rouhani to negotiate  a supposedly better deal . . . threating Iran militarily . . . and  tightening sanctions.   Those efforts were going nowhere. Iran was lashing out at American  interests, we were alienated from our key allies, and Iran inched  closer to restarting its nuclear program.   And in just the last week alone, President Trump's impulsive actions  managed to reverse the recent Iraqi protest sentiment that wanted Iran  to stop meddling in its politics, leading instead to a vote this  weekend in the Iraqi parliament to expel all U.S. forces.   Similarly, after months of anti-government protests in Iran, he  almost instantaneously united Iranian public opinion in hostility  toward the U.S.   Iran now announced it is restarting its nuclear program and our  interests around the region are on high alert and are at risk from  further Iranian attack for considerable time to come.   Tragically, all President Trump has to show for his foolish, quote,  ``maximum pressure'' campaign is an enflamed region, attacks on our  personnel, the U.S. military potentially being evicted from Iraq,  greater U.S. troop deployments to the Middle East, and an America less  safe and on the brink of war.   Most certainly not ``all is well.''   Have we learned nothing from the thousands of lost lives and injuries  and trillions of dollars spent on the war in Iraq--a war sold to this  country on false pretenses?   Are we going to be led to yet such another fiasco by some of the same  voices around President Trump who have yet to account for their  failures in their disastrous war in Iraq?   Will my Republican colleagues finally show some backbone to an  unchecked, uninformed, and untrusted President about to bumble into  another war in the Middle East?   For the sakes of the sons and daughters who would be sent to any war  with Iran, I certainly hope so.   I see that my colleague from Illinois is here and has asked for  permission to speak on the floor.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), and the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.  [[Page S70]]     Mr. President, I listened carefully to the comments by my  colleague from Texas, Senator Cornyn, when he talked about impeachment  purgatory and the fact that the Senate is unable to act on critical  legislation--many bills that have already passed the House of  Representatives--because of the impeachment proceedings.   Well, the impeachment proceedings have not started in the U.S.  Senate. So what is the excuse? Was it the impeachment proceeding that  stopped us from considering one bill in the Senate this week? Was it  the impeachment proceeding that stopped us from considering one bill in  the Senate last week? No, it was the conscious decision of the Senate  majority leader, Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, with the  Republican majority, not to call a single piece of legislation in the  last 2 weeks.   There shouldn't be any surprise among the membership that we did  nothing in the last 2 weeks other than a few garden-variety  nominations. The fact is, we have done nothing for a long time under  Senator McConnell's leadership. Do you know, for the record, how many  amendments were actually debated on the floor of the U.S. Senate last  year in the entire calendar year? Twenty-two. Twenty-two amendments,  six offered by the junior Senator from Kentucky. If I am not mistaken,  all of them were defeated, but the point I am trying to make is, 22  amendments in 1 year and now the Republican majority is blaming Speaker  Pelosi and the impeachment proceedings for the fact that we do nothing.  It doesn't make sense, and it doesn't add up.   We are doing nothing because that is the strategy of Senator  McConnell. The House of Representatives has passed hundreds--not a  dozen, hundreds--of bills for the Senate to consider, on every  imaginable topic: issues relating to healthcare, which we heard about  from the Senator from Texas; issues relating to immigration. The litany  is long. Within that litany, you would think that Senator McConnell  could find one bill--just one--from the House of Representatives to  debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate, but we don't do that in the  Senate. We no longer debate under Senator McConnell's leadership.   Some people look at this room and call it the Senate Chamber. That is  true; it is the Senate Chamber. Now, sadly, it is more the Senate  storage facility. We store on the floor of the Senate Chamber the desks  of former Senators who actually legislated on the floor of the Senate.  It is not a museum because there is still some active business  underway, but it is a storage facility.   These desks, if they could only speak, would tell the stories of men  and women who stood up on the floor and debated critical issues. I was  here for some of it. Issues of war and peace--we don't take those up  anymore. If a President wants to go to war in Iran, obviously, his  party thinks that we shouldn't interfere with his thought process,  though the Constitution states clearly we are supposed to interfere.  Congress has the authority, under the Constitution, to declare war.   When issues would come up before us--important issues--in the past,  we would debate them at length, whether it was health insurance for  Americans, whether we were talking about questions of the disabled in  America being active participants in our society, a time when Senators  from both sides of the aisle stood up in this Chamber and, in a lengthy  debate, passed the Americans with Disabilities Act. One was Senator Bob  Dole, a disabled veteran from World War II and Republican leader;  another was Tom Harkin, a Democrat from Iowa. The two of them had a  bipartisan measure and a real fulsome debate that doesn't happen on  this floor of this Senate Chamber anymore.   For Senators to come here and blame Nancy Pelosi, the Speaker of the  House, for our inactivity is laughable. We have failed to move forward  because the leadership does not want to call the bill. Senator  McConnell has the authority to decide what we will debate on the floor  of the U.S. Senate, and he has decided we will debate nothing--nothing.   What a wasted opportunity. If America was just picture-perfect from  sea to shining sea, you would say: Well, there is no reason. We don't  need a Senate or a House. We know better. There are important issues we  should address, issues related to challenges facing families across  America; issues of the mounting student debt across this country and  what it has meant to hundreds of thousands of young people and their  future; the issues involving gun violence in this country, where we  still have mass killings yet can't even pass one bill to keep guns out  of the hands of convicted felons and people who are mentally unstable;  the issue of healthcare.   I certainly agree with the Senator from Texas when it comes to the  cost of prescription drugs, the No. 1 concern of families across this  country. All Senator Schumer has asked for is that we bring this  measure to the floor and let Senator Cornyn's good idea be brought to  the floor with Senator Durbin's good idea--and perhaps other Senators'  good ideas--and actually have a debate right here on the floor of the  Senate. It would be amazing. People would be tuned in all across  America saying: You can't imagine; the Senate is alive; it is actually  considering measures.   Although, we don't. Twenty-two amendments in one calendar year--it is  just amazing that we have reached that point.    I announce that the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms.  Warren) is necessarily absent.   