 Mr. Speaker, as our Nation continues to respond, recover,  and reopen our economy following the outbreak of COVID-19, we can all  agree that childcare is necessary in getting Americans back to work.   No parent will return to work if they do not have a safe place for  their child, which is another reason why schools safely reopening  should be a priority of my Democratic colleagues.   However, Democrats are pushing a partisan proposal that carelessly  overspends taxpayer dollars and further burdens our childcare  providers, who already face bureaucratic red tape, with more mandates,  like overly extensive application requirements that will cost them more  time and money when their time is better spent caring for our children.   These mandates will prevent new providers from entering the industry,  ultimately increasing costs and limiting the amount of available slots  for children.   This again is a one-size-fits-all, top-down government program. How  much of this money will actually get there to take care of a child?   H.R. 7027 appropriates $50 billion, which is higher than the entire  annual revenue of the childcare industry--think about that--and twice  the amount that the Bipartisan Policy Center estimated the industry  would need. Is it going to cost another $25 billion to administrate  this thing for all the burdensome red tape that goes along with it?   Once again, the Democrats' solution is more government control, more  regulation, and more taxpayer dollars wasted with burdensome strings  attached. When are the American people going to wake up?   It denies support for certain eligible providers, such as churches  and public recreation camps, who are license-exempt and operating  legally in a State that meet all State and local requirements.    Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that, rather than finding  common ground, my colleagues across the aisle are moving forward with a  bill that will only hurt families who want to return to work and need  access to childcare.    I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill, and let's all go back to  the drawing board so that we can find support for our working families.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight an issue in my  district that I have been working tirelessly on, and that is to  preserve the pool at the New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam.   I am extremely disappointed this legislation was brought before the  House with no opportunity to amend the bill before negotiations began  with the Senate.   The lock and dam, and the pool it creates, is critical to the Augusta  community and is utilized for municipal and industrial water supply as  well as recreation.   The Corps of Engineers recently selected a rock weir as an  alternative to replace the lock and dam, a design that drops the pool  level and was demonstrated last year with disastrous results. Not only  does this plan not meet the requirements of the WIIN Act, but local  stakeholders have expressed serious concerns with the Corps of  Engineers' proposal. This option does not meet the intent of Congress  and maintain the pool.  [[Page H3960]]    Moving forward with the rock weir is unacceptable, and I thank my  colleagues from Georgia for their bipartisan effort to champion this  issue in the recent committee markup.   I urge the committee to work with me to include language in the final  bill that will repair and maintain the lock and dam and the pool, while  still accommodating the mitigation project. It is essential.   