 Mr. President, I appreciate very much my colleague from  Nevada.   Let me start by welcoming the Presiding Officer back to the Senate.  We are glad that you are here and that you are feeling better.   I thank my colleague from New Mexico, my neighbor, the senior Senator  from New Mexico, Senator Udall, for organizing this today. This is, I  know, a matter that is very close to his heart. Thanks in large part to  Senator Udall's leadership and the leadership of the Senator from  Arizona and others, we have worked really hard to not have public lands  be a partisan issue in the Senate, and I think that reflects the way it  is out West, where our public lands really are the foundation of our  economy and who we are. They make us who we are. They are a cultural  touchstone for all of us in the West.   Instead of comprehending this, President Trump, as he has done in so  many other areas, has pursued a public lands agenda that is way outside  the mainstream of conventional American thought. Few decisions better  capture how extreme that position is and how frenzied his agenda is  than his decision to hire William Perry Pendley to lead the Bureau of  Land Management.   As we have heard today, Mr. Pendley doesn't even believe in the idea  of public lands. He has argued that the Founding Fathers intended for  all Federal lands to be sold. Think about what that would have meant if  we had sold off the public lands of the United States.   They are the envy of the world. They are the envy of the world, and  all of the work that Teddy Roosevelt and others had done to make sure  that our generation would be able to benefit would have been lost if  Pendley's constitutional interpretation had controlled.   Asking someone like that to manage our public lands, including 8.3  million acres in Colorado, is like asking somebody to be Secretary of  Education who doesn't believe in public education. Given the track  record of this administration, I guess it is not that surprising that  he would put somebody in charge of public lands who believed that they  are actually illegal or unconstitutional.   Mr. Pendley is by far the most extreme anti-public lands nominee in  my lifetime. You have heard the Senator from New Mexico talk about his  attacks on people of color. You have heard about the fact that he  doesn't believe in climate change. Pendley's ideology on public lands,  on climate, and on so many other issues doesn't look anything like the  consensus we have worked so hard to try to establish in Colorado.   I think fundamental to this is that his extreme ideology does not  perceive or conceive the economic reality in Colorado or New Mexico or  Nevada or Arizona or Montana, where public lands sustain local  businesses and climate change is undermining our farmers and ranchers.   Since the BLM moved to Colorado, sort of, we have had a front row  seat to this extremist agenda. This spring, Pendley signed off on a  resource management plan that opened up the North Fork Valley of the  Gunnison--one of our most beautiful agricultural valleys in Colorado-- to more oil and gas development.   Local leaders worried that his plan failed to protect the region's  watershed and will threaten the area's agricultural and outdoor  economy. Instead of listening to Colorado, Mr. Pendley signed off on a  plan, as he so often does, written in Washington by a bunch of special  interests here who want to plunder our land out there.   As Senators, we have a constitutional responsibility to ensure that  the people entrusted with leading our Federal agencies are, at a  minimum, qualified for the positions they hold and I would hope are  within the mainstream of conventional American political ideology, but  we have not been allowed to do that in this case.   Mr. Pendley was nominated by the President to lead the BLM. The  response was so negative that I have to imagine there were Senators on  the other side of the aisle who said: Senator McConnell, please don't  make us take this vote. Please. I have a tough election coming up.   Don't make me take this vote, Mr. President. I am scared to take this  vote.   As a result, they withdrew his nomination because it couldn't pass  the Senate. That is how the system is supposed to work. You can always  put it on the floor and see whether we will support it. In this case,  the response was so negative, they withdrew the nomination. That  happens regularly. What is incredibly unusual in this case is they left  him in his job. Having demonstrated that there was no public support in  the Senate--the Senate unwilling to take a vote for fear of how  unpopular it would be in the Western United States--they said: Well,  you can be the Acting BLM Director.   That is a disgrace. I don't know how anybody in this Chamber could  call themselves committed to the U.S. Constitution if a President can  nominate somebody, see the votes aren't there, withdraw it, and make  them the Acting Director of the agency. That is the work of a dictator,  not the President of the United States.   Every now and then, you would expect the leader of this body to stand  up for the prerogatives of this body, to stand up for the separation of  powers and for the rule of law--particularly if you call yourself a  constitutional conservative.   We have a choice to make: to do nothing or to do our jobs. The  American people want us to do our jobs. They are sick of the  dysfunction here.   From the perspective of Colorado, the decision on Mr. Pendley is  simple: Someone who spent his entire career opposed to the very idea of  public lands is unfit to lead a land management agency, period.   He should do the right thing if the President won't: Step down  immediately and allow somebody to take on the responsibility who  actually understands how important it is to preserve the legacy our  parents and grandparents created for us so we can preserve it for the  next generation of Americans and the generation after that.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, if I could just ask--    The Senator from New Mexico was so kind to refer to the  CORE Act, the Colorado Outdoor Recreation Economy Act. Just a reminder:  At the heart of that bill, which is 400,000 acres of public lands in  Colorado--70,000 of which is wilderness area to protect our critical  watershed--is the Camp Hale National Historic Landscape, which is the  first such national historic landscape designation in the history of  the United States. It memorializes the incredible work of our veterans  who came to Camp Hale to train, to fight in the mountains of Northern  Italy, pushed the Nazis out of Northern Italy. And that wasn't even  enough for them. Then they came back, and they started our entire  outdoor recreation industry, our ski resort. It was the same generation  of people. That is an exact, perfect example--I am so glad Senator  Udall brought it up--a perfect example of why we need to treasure our  public lands.   With that, I will yield the floor and turn it back over to Senator  Udall.   