 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and distinguished  chair of the Oversight and Reform Committee.   Boy, what you just heard from my friend from North Carolina couldn't  be further from the truth. This is not a taxpayer bailout. Quite the  opposite. It is exactly what Mr. DeFazio, my friend from Oregon,  described.   This is righting a wrong Congress created in the dead of night in a  lameduck session in 2006 in putting a burden on the Postal Service no  other entity on the planet is required to meet. And we have an  obligation, having created that problem, to fix it. That is what we are  trying to do with this bill.   It is not a panacea. That is why we are working on bipartisan  legislation to have a comprehensive reform bill that will address a  significant amount of time for the Postal Service to build a new  business model.   My friend, my other friend from North Carolina (Mr. Meadows)--I was  referring to the other North Carolinian--has been working diligently  with us on a bipartisan basis for many years to try to find just the  right fix. I am looking forward to that bipartisan solution.    But that doesn't mean we stop everything and fix nothing. This may  not return the Postal Service to solvency, but it takes a liability off  the books that is real, that hurts them, that makes it harder for them  to recover and to figure out how to adjust to changes in technology and  the marketplace, and that is why I support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to its passage on a bipartisan basis, and  I hope that we will fold this bill, the concept of this bill, into a  larger, more comprehensive bill. As the distinguished chairwoman said,  we need a comprehensive approach to the Postal Service after we address  and fix this problem that Congress created.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I salute my partner and friend on our subcommittee, Mr. Meadows. He  chaired the subcommittee in the previous Congress, and I was his  ranking member. We have reversed roles, but our partnership continues,  especially in trying to modernize the Federal Government and bringing  it into the 21st century in terms of information technology. We know  that when we don't make those investments, bad things can happen. We  just saw that the other night in the Iowa caucus.   H.R. 3941 codifies the Federal Risk and Authorization Management  Program, known as FedRAMP, established in 2011 to provide a cost- effective, risk-based approach for the adoption and use of cloud  computing technologies within the Federal Government.   FedRAMP standardizes security requirements for the authorization and  ongoing cybersecurity assessments of cloud services for information  systems across the Federal Government. In short, FedRAMP seeks to  reduce the redundancies of Federal cloud migration and to help agencies  quickly adopt cloud technologies.   I am also happy to say that FedRAMP has the approval of this  administration. Last June, the Trump administration issued its Federal  cloud computing strategy called Cloud Smart, which reaffirmed its  support for FedRAMP. The Cloud Smart strategy acknowledged the  importance of FedRAMP in helping agencies modernize their information  technology systems.   Cloud Smart also highlighted improvements the program has implemented  over the past few years that have resulted in a drastically reduced  timeframe for providing a provisional authorization to operate a cloud  service provider.   However, the administration also noted that there is still lack of  reciprocity across agencies in taking advantage of FedRAMP-authorized  products. Without that reciprocity, agencies end up duplicating the  assessment process of cloud service offerings, leading to time delays  and inefficiencies for both the Federal Government and the providers.   In July, the Subcommittee on Government Operations held a hearing to  look at what the GSA has done right in administering the program and  the ways in which FedRAMP can and should be improved. The message both  from agency and industry witnesses was clear. FedRAMP is an important  program that, if carried out effectively and efficiently, saves money  for both agencies and businesses hoping to provide those services.   The FedRAMP Authorization Act codifies the program and addresses many  of the concerns raised in July by both the administration and private- sector witnesses.   First, the bill reduces duplication of security assessments and other  obstacles to agency adoption of cloud products by establishing--and  this is really important--a presumption of adequacy for cloud  technologies that have already received FedRAMP certification. Going to  33 different windows with 33 separate processes costs way too much  money, takes way too much time, and, frankly, is unnecessary.   The presumption of adequacy means that the cloud service offering has  met baseline security standards already established by the program and  should be considered approved for use across the Federal Government,  except where very specialized services would be required.   The bill also facilitates agency reuse of cloud technologies that  have already received an authorization to operate by requiring agencies  to check a centralized and secure repository and, to the extent  practicable, reuse any existing security assessment before conducting  an independent one of their own.   The desire to automate aspects of FedRAMP assessment processes was  another key finding of the subcommittee's hearing. This bill requires  the GSA work toward automating their processes, which will lead to more  standard security assessments and continuous monitoring of cloud  offerings to increase the efficiency for both providers and agencies.   The bill also establishes, as the distinguished chairwoman indicated,  a Federal Secure Cloud Advisory Committee to ensure a dialogue among  [[Page H819]]  GSA, agency cybersecurity and procurement officials, and industry in  order to have effective and ongoing coordination in acquisition and  adoption of cloud products by the Federal Government.   Finally, the bill authorizes the program at $20 million at an annual  level, providing sufficient resources to increase the number of secure  cloud technologies available for agency adoption.   We have worked with OMB, GSA, industry stakeholders, and our minority  counterparts to ensure that this bill makes needed improvements in the  FedRAMP program and gives the program the flexibility to grow and adopt  to future changes in cloud technologies. I believe it is consistent  with the administration's goals, and I urge adoption of the bill.   