 Madam President, I thank the Presiding Officer, Senator  Hyde-Smith, and Senator Lee for organizing this colloquy and  participating in it in support of the Support and Value Expectant Moms  and Babies Act. I love that title: Support and Value Expectant Moms.  Isn't that great? We should.   I am a doctor--not an obstetrician, but, nonetheless, I have  delivered babies. As a doctor, my mission was to save lives--I don't  practice anymore; I use the past tense--and improve health outcomes for  all patients.   We are here talking about chemical abortions. Chemical abortions  don't do any of that. The health risks can be severe, obviously, for  the unborn child but also, potentially, for the mom, and, particularly,  when the mother has this without supervision by a healthcare provider.   The total absence of medical support is the total absence of care,  and using potentially dangerous chemicals without medical support can  lead to the absence of health. If Americans care about a woman's  health, they should be concerned when such procedures are allowed.   Yet chemical abortions are on the rise. I am told that in 2017 they  represented nearly 40 percent of all abortions. Due to a recent court  case, women can begin to receive these through the mail, prescribed  without even receiving a physical exam.   Now, the mom who selects that may not know the potential  consequences, but, as a physician, I do. The potential  [[Page S5747]]  complications include, for example, if the mother has what is called an  ectopic pregnancy, where the unborn child and the placenta are not in  the womb but are outside of the womb. If that occurs and these pills  are taken--the pill known as Mifeprex, RU486--it can cause that  pregnancy to rupture, and instead of the bleeding coming out as the  child would, through the vagina, it means that internal bleeding  occurs, which can result in the mother's death.   Chemical abortions have four times the complications that surgical  abortions do in the first trimester, and as many as 6 percent of women  taking these abortion drugs require surgery to complete the abortion-- potentially painful and life-threatening and, of course, horrific for  the unborn child.   The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists has stated  that ``compared with surgical abortion, medical abortion takes longer  to complete, requires more active patient participation, and is  associated with higher reported rates of bleeding and cramping.''   The bill we are discussing today, the SAVE Moms and Babies Act, or  the Support and Value Expectant Moms and Babies Act, takes substantive  steps to protect the health of women and the unborn child. The bill  prevents approval of new abortion drugs by the FDA, keeps the risk  evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, protocol, and curtails  abortion pills from being dispensed by mail or through telemedicine.   I introduced the Teleabortion Prevention Act of 2020 in February,  which requires a doctor to physically examine a pregnant mom before  prescribing any abortion-related drugs and requires a followup  appointment. We actually want women to receive healthcare, by  healthcare providers who care about their health.   If Senators in this body really care about women's health, they  should join with us to stop these do-it-yourself abortions. Preventing  abortion protects unborn babies, but preventing chemical abortions  protects women.   Let's work together to protect women by passing the SAVE Moms and  Babies Act to forever end dangerous chemical abortions.   I yield the floor.   