 Mr. President, I would like to share my remarks, not only  with my colleagues today, but more so with those who will come after  us. I want to touch on four issues: the trial evidence; the President's  actions as outlined in articles I and II of the Articles of  Impeachment; and finally, and most importantly in my mind, the  implications of our decision this week on the future of our government  and our country.   First, the trial--weeks ago, I joined my colleagues in swearing an  oath to ``do impartial justice.'' Since that time, I have done  everything possible to fulfill that responsibility. I paid full  attention, taken three legal pads' worth of notes, reviewed press  accounts, and had conversations with my colleagues and citizens in my  home State of Maine.   The one question I got most frequently back home was how we could  proceed without calling relevant witnesses and securing the documents  that would confirm or deny the charges against the President, which are  at the heart of this matter.   But for the first time in American history, we failed to do so. We  robbed ourselves and the American people of a full record of this  President's misuse of his office. This failure stains this institution,  undermines tomorrow's verdict, and creates a precedent that will haunt  those who come after us and, indeed, will haunt the country. But now,  we are here, left to make this decision without the facts, concealed by  the White House and left concealed by the votes of this body last  Friday.   This was not a trial in any real sense. It was, instead, an argument  based upon a partial, but still damning,  [[Page S849]]  record. How much better it could have been had we had access to all the  facts, facts which will eventually come out, but too late to inform our  decisions?   As to the articles themselves, I should begin by saying I have always  been a conservative on the subject of impeachment. For the better part  of the last 3 years, I have argued both publicly and privately against  the idea. Impeachment should not be a tool to remove a President on the  basis of policy disagreements. The President's lawyers are right when  they argue that this would change our system of government and  dangerously weaken any President.   But this reluctance must give way if it requires my turning a blind  eye to what happened last summer. The events of last summer were no  policy disagreement. They were a deliberate series of acts whereby the  President sought to use the power of his office in his own personal and  political interests, specifically by pressuring a government of a  strategic partner--a partner, by the way, significantly dependent upon  our moral and financial support--pressuring that government to take  action against one of the President's political rivals and, thereby,  undermine the integrity of the coming American election.   This last point is important. In normal circumstances, the argument  of the President's defenders that impeachment is not necessary because  the election is less than a year away would be persuasive. I could  understand that. But the President, in this matter, was attempting to  undermine that very election, and he gives every indication that he  will continue to do so.   He has expressed no understanding that he did anything wrong, let  alone anything reassembling remorse. Impeachment is not a punishment;  it is a prevention. The only way, unfortunately, to keep an unrepentant  President from repeating his wrongful actions is removal. This  President has made it plain that he will listen to nothing else.   Article I charges a clear abuse of power, inviting foreign  interference in the upcoming election. The President tasked his  personal attorney to work with a foreign head of state to induce an  investigation--or just the mere announcement of an investigation--that  could harm one of the President's top political rivals.   And to compel the Ukrainians to do so, he unilaterally withheld  nearly $400 million appropriated by Congress to help them fend off  Russia's naked and relentless aggression. The President's backers claim  that this was done in an effort to root out corruption. So why not use  official channels? Why did he focus on no examples of corruption  generally other than ones directly affecting his political fortunes?  And why did he not make public the withholding of funds, as the  executive branch typically does, when seeking to leverage Federal  moneys for policy goals?   No matter how many times the President claims his phone call with  President Zelensky was perfect, it simply wasn't. He clearly solicited  foreign interference in our elections. He disregarded a congressionally  passed law. He impaired the security of a key American partner. He  undermined our own national security. And, if he was simply pursuing  our national interests rather than his own, why was his personal  attorney Rudy Giuliani put in charge? Why was Rudy Giuliani mentioned  in that phone call?   Put bluntly, no matter the defense, and as a majority of the Members  of this body apparently now recognize, President Trump placed his own  political interests above the national interests he is sworn to  protect. And, as I mentioned, he has shown no sign that he will stop  doing so when the next occasion arises, as it surely will.   The implications of acquitting the President on article I are  serious. This President will likely do it again, and future Presidents  will be unbound from any restraints on the use of the world's most  powerful political office for their own personal political gain.   We are moving dangerously close to an elected Monarch--the very thing  the Framers feared most.   Article II, to me, is even more serious in its long-term  implications. Article I concerns an incident--an egregious misuse of  power, to be sure, but a specific set of actions in time. A scheme is  probably the most appropriate description, which took place over the  course of the past year.   Article II, however, which concerns the President's wholesale  obstruction of the impeachment process itself, goes to the heart of  Congress's constitutionally derived power to investigate wrongdoing by  this or any future President.   I do not arrive at this conclusion lightly. I take seriously the  White House counsel's argument that there is a legitimate separation of  powers issue here, that executive privilege is real--although I have to  note it was never actually asserted in this case, but that executive  privilege is real--and that there must be limits on Congress's ability  to intrude upon the executive function.   But in this case, despite counsel's questions about which authorizing  resolution passed when or whether the House should have more vigorously  pursued judicial remedies, the record is clear and is summarized in the  White House letter to the House in early October--that the President  and his administration ``cannot participate'' in the impeachment  process--cannot participate.   To me, it is this ongoing blanket refusal to cooperate in any way--no  witnesses, no documents, no evidence of any kind--that undermines the  assertion that a categorical refusal, with overt witness intimidation  thrown in, was based upon any legitimate, narrowly tailored legal or  constitutional privilege.   No prior President has ever taken such a position, and the argument  that this blanket obstruction should be tested in court is severely  undercut by the administration's recent argument that the courts have  no jurisdiction over such disputes and that the remedy for stonewalling  Congress is--you guessed it--impeachment. They argued that in the  Federal court in Washington this week.   Interestingly, the first assertion of executive privilege was by  George Washington, when the House sought background documents on the  Jay Treaty. Washington rested his refusal to produce those documents on  the idea that the House had no jurisdiction over matters of foreign  policy, but, interestingly, Washington, in his message to Congress, did  specify one instance where the House would have a legitimate claim on  the documents' release. What was the instance? You guessed it-- impeachment.   If allowed to stand, this position that the President--any  President--can use his or her position to totally obstruct the  production of evidence of their own wrongdoing eviscerates the  impeachment power entirely, and it compromises the ongoing authority of  Congress to provide any meaningful oversight of the executive  whatsoever.   For these and other reasons, I will vote guilty on both Articles of  Impeachment.   A final point, the Congress has been committing slow-motion  institutional suicide for the past 70 years, abdicating  its constitutional authorities and responsibilities one by one: the war  power, effectively in the hands of the President since 1942; authority  over trade with other countries, superceded by unilateral  Presidentially imposed tariffs on friends and foes alike; and even the  power of the purse, which a supine Congress ceded to the President last  year, enabling him to rewrite our duly passed appropriations bill to  substitute his priorities for ours. And now this.    The structure of our Constitution is based upon the bedrock principle  that the concentration of power is dangerous, that power divided and  shared is the best long-term assurance of liberty. To the extent we  compromise that principle, give up powers the Framers bestowed upon us,  and acquiesce to the growth of an imperial Presidency, we are failing.  We are failing our oaths, we are failing our most fundamental  responsibility, we are failing the American people.   History may record this week as a turning point in the American  experiment--the day that we stepped away from the Framers' vision,  enabled a new and unbounded Presidency, and made ourselves observers  rather than full participants in the shaping of our country's future.   I sincerely hope I am wrong in all of this, but I deeply fear that I  am right.   I yield the floor.  [[Page S850]]    