 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  my bill, H.R. 1494, the Historically Black Colleges and Universities  (HBCUs) Homeland Security Partnerships Act.   As a two-time HBCU graduate, I have long been an advocate of these  important institutions and creating more opportunities for them to work  with the Federal Government. Throughout the 15 years that I have served  on the Committee on Homeland Security, I have made it a priority to  facilitate dialogue between the HBCUs and the Department of Homeland  Security on how to build meaningful partnerships.   As the gentlewoman from New Mexico has already mentioned, HBCUs and  minority-serving institutions have and continue to make great  contributions to American society. That is why it is critical that we  encourage DHS to strengthen partnerships between HBCUs and MSIs.   After Hurricanes Katrina and Maria, it became clear how the absence  of individuals from minority communities in homeland security  decisionmaking, such as emergency management and planning, hinders our  ability to serve all affected communities equally.   Minority communities are disproportionately impacted by natural  hazards and disasters. It is imperative that the students of those  communities--HBCU and MSI students--are not left on the sidelines and  are encouraged to contribute to such planning and equipped to respond.   Enactment of my bill will take a step in this direction, as it  requires DHS to develop a strategy to strengthen its capacity to  provide research and development, contracting, and internships and  career opportunities to HBCUs and MSIs and their students or recent  graduates.   The bill also requires the Department to do more outreach and  disseminate more information to these institutions. Such information  includes internships and career opportunities and how HBCUs and MSIs  may qualify to participate in Federal acquisitions.   I thank my colleague from Missouri, Representative Luetkemeyer, for  his support on this important measure.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on its passage.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  yielding.   I rise in strong support of S. 2107, the Protecting America's Food  and Agriculture Act of 2019.   Americans are blessed to live in a country where, in most  communities, we can find healthy, fresh foods at our grocery stores.  That does not just happen. Our Nation's food supply and agricultural  industry make it happen.   As such, the agricultural industry is an indispensable sector of our  national economy. Every year, millions and millions of pounds of fresh  fruits, vegetables, cheeses, and meats enter the United States via  commercial shipments from other countries.   While this flow of agricultural trade is fundamental to our economy  and way of life, it does carry with it risk of importation diseases,  pests, and compromised products.   To address this risk, agricultural inspectors in the U.S. Customs and  Border Protection inspect incoming food and agricultural goods at our  land, air, and sea ports.   Additionally, these inspectors interview passengers on incoming  international flights to determine whether they are carrying prohibited  agricultural items, because even an accidental transmission of a  foreign pest or disease into our country could potentially devastate  our agricultural system.   With African swine flu rampant in Asia, accounting for the deaths of  millions of pigs as a result of disease, or to control this deadly  disease, it is critical that the U.S. have adequate inspection  resources in place.   S. 2107 would help ensure that we have agriculture inspectors in  place to perform this critical mission.   I commend my counterpart in the Senate Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee, Senator Gary Peters, and my former  committee colleague Representative Filemon Vela for their leadership on  this timely effort.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this  measure and send this bill to the President's desk.   