 Mr. President, over the last several months, Texans have  found new and creative ways to connect with one another while following  the necessary COVID-19 precautions--things like drive-through birthday  parties, live-streamed weddings, virtual family reunions, and socially  distanced barbecues. Life looks a lot different today than it did at  the start of the year, but despite the challenges we face, we know it  is unrealistic to hit the pause button until the pandemic subsides.   While COVID-19 continues to be ever present in our daily lives, folks  across my State are safely adapting their routines, and that certainly  has been my objective in the Senate. Over the past few months, I, like  many of my colleagues--maybe all of my colleagues--have largely  replaced in-person conversations with virtual ones, through more than  150 separate calls with groups across the State of Texas. These virtual  conversations continued over the month of August, along with a number  of socially distanced events complete with all of the CDC precautions.  Close communication with my constituents has always been important, and  the COVID pandemic has made these conversations even more critical.   During August, I spent time hearing from my constituents, learning  about their challenges and what they need in the way of additional  help. I donned my mask--like we all have--to safely meet with city  leaders, teachers, healthcare heroes, food bank workers, and others  across the State. I continued to join telephone and video calls with  Texans whose routines and livelihoods have been disrupted by the  pandemic.   It actually was an exhilarating opportunity to get out from behind my  computer screen and to share information about the coronavirus relief  bills that we have passed thus far but to learn also, just as  significantly, where those bills were working and where more needed to  be done. As the Senate prepares to vote on a targeted relief bill  tomorrow, these discussions could not have been more timely.   I also hosted recently four telephone townhalls with constituents  across Texas. This is amazing technology, as the Presiding Officer  knows, where you can reach out to a quarter of a million people just in  an hour-long phone call and give them a chance to express their views  or ask questions.   I heard from parents who are concerned about the start of the school  year; small business owners who are trying to stay afloat, not knowing  when all of this will end; and a woman in rural Texas who is worried  that if the U.S. Postal Service goes under, she will not be able to  receive her medication in the mail.   This is a difficult time for many of our neighbors, and I was glad to  share the information about the resources we provided and to answer  questions about what Texans might be able to expect in the next relief  bill.   One of the most commonly asked questions was about unemployment  insurance. Since March, more than 3.4 million Texans have filed for  unemployment compensation, and many were able to take advantage of the  extra $600 a week in Federal benefits provided by the CARES Act. But  that extra funding expired at the end of July, leaving many Texans who  were still unable to return to work without the income they need to  support their families.   Despite our repeated efforts, Congress has been unable and unwilling  to come up with an agreement on unemployment benefits before the month  of August. As a gap-filler, the President issued an Executive order to  provide an extra $300 a week in benefits, which Texans have received.  This is good news for those who came to rely on these bolstered  benefits, but, unfortunately, it doesn't help them with the same level  of certainty that congressional legislation would provide. The next  relief bill must provide those who are still without a way to earn a  paycheck the additional benefits they need to replace their income.   It is important that we agree to an amount or a formula that doesn't  [[Page S5486]]  hinder our economic recovery or perversely incentivize people not to go  back to work safely. Over the last month, I have heard from a number of  employers who had trouble rehiring workers because in some cases their  workers were earning more with the additional $600 benefit than they  would from working. Well, it just doesn't make any sense to incentivize  people not to go back to work when they can safely do so. We need to  strike a delicate balance that gives them the resources they need to  support their family without incentivizing them to stay home.   As businesses have reopened and employees returned to work, Texas has  made serious progress in getting more folks back on the payroll. The  State unemployment rate has steadily declined from a peak of 13.5  percent to 8 percent in July. Obviously, that is still way too high and  a far cry from the 3.5 percent we saw pre-COVID. If we are going to  keep working and moving in the right direction, we need to have our  workers return to work when that becomes an option. Obviously it goes  without saying that they would be able to safely return.   Of course, it is not enough to just give people the resources they  need to support their families; we also need to ensure they have jobs  to return to. That is why the Paycheck Protection Program has been so  vital and has saved countless jobs since it was established in March  through the CARES Act. So far, Congress has invested $670 billion in  this job-saving program, and I am glad to say that Texas has received  more than $41 billion across more than 417,000 individual loans. It has  literally been a lifesaver for many of these small businesses. I hope  the next relief bill will provide an opportunity for the hardest hit  businesses to receive a second PPP loan and save even more jobs and  small businesses in communities not just across my State but across the  United States.   Our State also has a vibrant arts and culture scene, and some of the  hardest hit businesses are live-event venues. These were actually some  of the first to close when the pandemic hit, and they will be the last  to reopen. Unlike restaurants or retailers, which were able to switch  to curbside or pickup delivery, event venues don't offer a service that  can be tailored to meet the CDC guidelines.   The experience of a concert at the Lowbrow Palace in El Paso or a  trip to hear the symphony at the Meyerson in Dallas isn't the same  through a computer screen. That leaves no opportunity for live venue  operators, promoters, producers, and talent representatives to organize  events and no chance for security guards, ticket takers, bartenders, or  cleanup crews to earn a paycheck.   These venues are not only a special part of our culture and our  communities, they are also major employers and fuel our economic  engine. Providing relief for these venues is an important way to  protect our local economies, jobs, and beloved cultural institutions.  That is why I introduced the Save our Stages Act with Senator  Klobuchar, our colleague from Minnesota. It would establish a $10  billion grant program to give independent venues and their employees  the funding they need to survive this pandemic. We are not talking  about huge, publicly traded, multinational corporations here. In order  to be eligible, recipients must have fewer than 500 employees and can't  be publicly traded. They can use the money to cover payroll and  benefits, as well as rent, utilities, and other expenses to stay  afloat. As the Senate continues to work on our next coronavirus relief  bill, I hope the Save Our Stages provision will be included.   Our economy in Texas, like the rest of the country, is moving in a  more positive direction. We want to keep it this way. We need to do  everything we can to ensure that once the pandemic is contained, our  cultural institutions, our businesses, and our jobs that we rely on  will be ready to bounce back. I appreciate the countless Texans who  shared with me their feedback and ideas on how Congress can do more to  support our State and our country through this crisis. I am going to do  my part to keep fighting to enact these ideas into law and give Texans  the support they deserve.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   