 Madam Speaker, I thank the Republican  leader,  Mike McCaul, for yielding.   I am pleased to speak in favor of H. Res. 752, which supports the  rights of the Iranian people to protest without violent consequences  from the Islamic Republic regime, which I coauthored with my  appreciative colleague, Chairman Ted Deutch from Florida.   Last November, thousands of people all over 100 cities of Iran  demonstrated against the regime's oppressive economic and tyrannical  other policies. The Islamic Republic responded viciously to these  peaceful protests. The regime killed over 1,000 people and arrested  thousands more. We mourn the deaths of these courageous individuals who  died while advocating for their rights.   The Iranian people again voiced their anger in January when the  Islamic Republic lied about shooting down a Ukrainian civilian  passenger Boeing jet, killing 176 people.   How did the regime respond to the protests over the death of these  innocent people? By using more violence against innocent civilians.   Today, we say to the people of Iran: We respect the importance of  Persian culture to the world and your right to be heard without fear.  We support your rights to ask for a better governance. We ask for  accountability from your government, to ask for a government that puts  your interests first and does not deceive you with blatant corruption.  We will not allow you to be overlooked or forgotten, and we will stand  by you while this regime brutalizes you.   President Donald Trump has taken a firm stand in support of the  protestors, saying: ``To the brave, long-suffering people of Iran: I've  stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency, and my  administration will continue to stand with you. We are following your  protests closely and are inspired by your courage.''   I agree with President Donald Trump, and I am gratified to stand  today in support of the free expression of the Iranian people.  President Trump's sanctions deter terrorism and protect American  families.   I thank my colleagues for bringing this bipartisan resolution to the  floor. I look forward to seeing it pass and continuing to work together  to support the rights of the Iranian people.   Iranian Americans are extraordinarily successful in America and very  much appreciated in every State. In my home State of South Carolina,  Iranian American doctors are vital.   