 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as the number of confirmed cases of  coronavirus in the United States continues to grow, Congress is taking  swift action this week to provide our health experts, hospitals,  healthcare providers, and State and local governments the funding they  need. A bipartisan negotiation between appropriators in the House and  Senate is very close to producing an emergency funding bill that will  provide between $7 and $8 billion to respond to the coronavirus.   This is very close to the amount that I thought was appropriate when  I requested it last week--$8.5 billion--and it is more than four or  five times what the administration originally requested. I believe that  if we had not pushed them, they would have been totally inadequate to  the crisis, as they have been in preparation and planning.   The administration requested $2.5 billion, which was half, and only  half of that was new funding. The rest came from pulling it out of  other things, like Ebola, which is very much needed as well. The bill  we put together here in Congress is far more appropriate and will  actually address our country's short-term and medium-term needs. This  is very, very good news.   I would like to compliment Democrats and Republicans, in the House  and the Senate, for making efforts to come together and for being the  adults in the room, while President Trump childishly exaggerates,  underplays, points fingers of blame, latches on to conspiracy theories,  and, most of all, doesn't lead. This is an example of where America  needs leadership, and President Trump's lack of leadership is glaringly  apparent to Americans.   Crucial legislation provides funding for very specific and timely  needs. There will be $350 million for ``hot spots''--areas affected by  the outbreak. There will be $500 million to procure pharmaceuticals,  masks, protective equipment, and other medical supplies to distribute  to States, local governments, and hospitals. There will be $100 million  for community health centers and funding for training and beds. We are  replenishing the CDC's Infectious Disease Rapid Response Reserve Fund  so that it can respond quickly to local areas that experience an  outbreak.   In total, there is over $950 million in funding for State and local  governments to undertake the many activities they need to respond to  the spread of the virus, surveillance for the coronavirus, laboratory  testing, contact tracing to identify anyone who may have been infected  by a person known to have the virus, infection control at the local  level, and more.   This is only one piece of the bill. The rest of the bill will give  desperately needed funds to CDC, HHS, USAID, FDA, and others to do  vaccine research and development and much more. The funding level in  this bill and the specific use very much reflects the needs of the  country as healthcare professionals across America work to confront the  spread of the virus.   I want to thank our appropriators on the frontlines: Ranking Member  Leahy and Chairman Shelby in the Senate and Chair Lowey and Ranking  Member Granger in the House. While the Trump administration's response  has been slow and halting, Congress has taken action. While President  Trump is playing fast and loose with facts and blaming everyone not  named Donald Trump, Congress is taking responsibility in acting like  the adult in the room.   Democrats would like to see this emergency funding package passed  through the Senate by the end of the week, and we will work with the  majority to make sure that that happens. I urge all of my colleagues,  in the interest of time, understanding the urgency of the matter, to  help us achieve this goal.   Now, yesterday, Vice President Mike Pence and his team from CDC, FDA,  and HHS met with the Democratic caucus to answer questions about the  administration's response to the coronavirus. We appreciated their  willingness to come to our caucus. They stayed. Unlike at some of the  previous briefings, they stayed and addressed a lot of our questions.  The only problem is they didn't have as many answers as we needed-- answers the American people would have expected at this stage of the  epidemic.   One of our top priorities at the moment is testing. We need to know  who is infected in order to contain the spread of the virus and treat  any American infected by the disease. We asked the administration about  the availability of testing kits, but they could not answer how soon  hospitals, medical labs, and public health centers would receive the  tests and if they would have enough of them to do the amount of testing  required fast enough. The best way to deal with testing is to let  people do it onsite. Let them go to their local doctor, their local  CHC, and get the test and get an answer quickly. Unfortunately, the  Vice President and his team had no answers to that. It is a real  problem. Our questions at the meeting yesterday should give the  administration an urgency to figure this out as soon as possible.    I would also plead with President Trump to begin showing some  leadership on the coronavirus. So far, the President's main concern has  been to tamp down concern about the virus. He gives broad assurances  that ``everything is under control.''   When you show up at your doctor's office because you think you might  have the coronavirus and there is no test, he doesn't know what to do.  He just says: Go home and don't go to work.  [[Page S1452]]    That is not ``everything under control,'' Mr. President.   If any member of his administration tells the President something  optimistic, he repeats it and usually exaggerates it. The disease will  magically disappear when the weather gets warm; a vaccine will be ready  soon--all misstatements from President Trump.   In a televised meeting with government health experts and  pharmaceutical experts, the President repeatedly failed to comprehend  that a vaccine would take over a year to develop and test. This is the  President of the United States during a crisis. He doesn't even  understand the basic rudiments of what is going on. He suggested  blithely that we could just use the influenza vaccine for the  coronavirus, and he was quickly corrected by Dr. Fauci, one of our  health experts. Twenty-four hours later, the President was claiming  that pharma executives would speed up the production of a vaccine as a  ``favor'' to him.   President Trump, people are sick. People are dying. This virus is  wreaking havoc on the economy, and you look at it as a favor to you? It  is not about you, Mr. President; it is about America and the crisis and  what our Federal Government is doing to help.   The President saying it was a favor to him, stating such blatant  mistruths, was a shocking demonstration of just how little the  President listens, how little the President learns, and how little  leadership he shows at a time when we desperately need leadership.   During a public health crisis of this magnitude, we need steady and  confident leadership from President Trump. So far, it has been totaling  lacking--unfortunately for America.   I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   