 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I want to  be clear about what is going on. I have worked very hard on tech issues  and introduced bipartisan legislation actually to reform section 230.  We have had hearings in this area. Senator Thune and I have been  working in good faith in this space.   So I want to separate out the kind of legitimate questions regarding  the tech industry's influence on American society, as it relates to  privacy, which I have legislation for, as it relates to its impact on  journalism, and as it relates to whether or not there can be an  appropriate balance struck in terms of preventing the platforms from  being hijacked for the purpose of carrying foreign misinformation for  the purpose of influencing an election and their legitimate rights  under statutory law and their free speech rights.   These are complicated issues. Senator Hawley and I briefly had a  conversation about these issues. I listened to him talk on these  issues, and I basically said: Look, I divide what you are talking about  into two categories. I think some of your critique around Big Tech is  smart and I agree with, and some of it I consider to be not in good  faith and an effort to influence the platforms in order to carry the  water for people like Rudy Giuliani.   So if there is a sincere effort to work on a bipartisan basis on  something so foundational as section 230 or whether or not to establish  a privacy right in statutory law, which has never happened at the  Federal level, then, I am all in for that. But it is quite unusual for  us to take on something so fundamental.   The Senator is a Member of the majority. If the Senator could not get  a hearing, that is absolutely his problem. I could get a hearing for my  bill because I have bipartisan cosponsors. So, on all of the  legislation that he is talking about, he has failed to reach across the  aisle and to work with a Democrat or two or three and to try to reform  some of these institutions through the levers of power that we are in  possession of.   And fast forward to next Wednesday, I think it is, and the Senate  Commerce Committee, through its Twitter feed, is running a campaign  ad--literally, a campaign ad--that says: Hunter Biden's emails. This is  the Commerce Committee of the U.S. Senate, and they are tweeting out  things concerning Hunter Biden's emails. What a sad moment for the  institution of the U.S. Senate and the cumulative bipartisan history of  the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce.   It is terribly sad. If there is an effort to work on these issues in  good faith, I will be the first in line. I have been the first in line.  But if we are going to try to do a unanimous consent--which means, for  the public watching, that we are going to pass this bill unanimously  without any debate; we are going to pass this bill without it going to  a hearing; we are going to pass this bill without any Democratic  input--that is nonsense.   I object.   