 Madam President, I rise to speak about the disturbing  reporting regarding Russian efforts to harm Americans in Afghanistan  through payments to the Taliban and the Haqqani network. This is deadly  serious and we--the Congress and the American public--must get answers  to a number of questions.   When did the United States first receive information suggesting that  Russia was providing financial support to Taliban or HQN operatives to  kill American troops?   What investigation has been done by DOD or intel agencies to  corroborate the charge?   What investigations have been done into the deaths of U.S. troops in  Afghanistan during the relevant time period to determine whether they  might be linked to Russian payments?   Was information about this allegation contained in the President's  daily briefing in late February? If so, why are the President and the  White House maintaining so strongly that the President was never  briefed?   When did the United States first brief allies--specifically, the  United Kingdom--on the intelligence concerning the Russian bounty  allegations?   What events led to an administrative interagency meeting on this  topic in late March?   What options were explored at that meeting? Were any undertaken?   To the extent that there is a difference of opinion about the  existence of such a program among U.S. agencies, what explains the  differing conclusions?   Did President Trump discuss the matter in any of the numerous phone  [[Page S4098]]  calls he had with Russian President Putin from late March through this  month?   If the President knew of the concern, why did he persist in trying to  get Russia invited as a participant to the G7 meeting to be held in the  United States this fall?   Why hasn't the President condemned the existence of any such program  or at least pledged that there would be serious consequences if such a  program existed?   That Russia might behave in a hostile manner toward U.S. troops in  Afghanistan would not be a surprise based upon Russia's track record of  bad behavior all over the globe, but what has been surprising has been  the administration's actions regarding this explosive allegation, and I  believe the Senate must get to the bottom of it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   