 Mr. Speaker, while this bill is not perfect--few bills  are--the bill before us today is a good bill and we are quite frankly  in the midst of perhaps our greatest health care crisis since the flu  pandemic of 1918, the year my grandmother was born in rural Alabama.  Because of the crisis, we have a responsibility to take action.   Our President, Donald Trump, has shaped one of the most successful  economic periods in our memory. I admire and support his ongoing vision  of creating and maintaining jobs in the United States.   Unfortunately, this virus which we are currently dealing with has a  very high rate of transmission, often before the carrier is  symptomatic. This is why the President and our healthcare experts have  encouraged people to stay home, meaning that the very activities  [[Page H1852]]  crucial to thriving business activity have temporarily been put on hold  in order to stop the spread of the virus.   Experts in both the public and private sectors are working almost  around the clock to produce the therapies and medical devices we need,  and also on an eventual vaccine.   In the meantime, we must help American workers and businesses who,  through no fault of their own, simply cannot work due to circumstances  and in some cases due to having the virus itself.   This bill has been in the spotlight at every point in its  negotiations. Again, while this bill is not perfect, it accomplishes a  number of things I support. Here are just a few.   Rural hospitals serve our constituents who cannot travel to large  hospitals, and, indeed, are being asked not to travel at all. The $100  billion emergency fund is necessary to prevent the imminent shutdowns  of these small rural hospitals such as in my hometown of Haleyville  which were already operating on a razor's edge margin. This bill also  includes assistance for our Rural Health Clinics and Federally  Qualified Health Centers to provide telehealth services during this  crisis.   Likewise, we need for every person, every student, to have access to  broadband internet service.   During the course of negotiations on this bill, I repeatedly warned  that rural Americans without access to high-speed internet are being  left behind as Americans are asked to work from home, take classes  online, and utilize telehealth services to combat the spread of the  coronavirus. After working alongside colleagues on both sides of the  aisle, and also our Ranking Member of the Appropriations Committee Kay  Granger of Texas, I am pleased to see that this bill contains $340  million for rural broadband deployment, distance learning, and  telehealth for rural areas. This is a step in the right direction  toward getting rural Americans the help that they need during the  coronavirus emergency.   I applaud the President for his desire to send each family a check to  help them in this time of need. Likewise, when they spend that money,  that act will help sustain our economy.   I believe that we will get through this crisis. And when we do, it  will be the economy, the workers and families of this great nation who  provide the lasting economic recovery we all look forward to.   In the meantime, this bill has provisions to preserve our travel  industry, our contractors working on the Artemis mission to take the  first woman astronaut to the Moon, as well as scientists who monitor  dangerous weather at NOAA. I want to thank the tremendous leadership of  Ranking Member Granger on those efforts, as well as our House  leadership, especially my friend and colleague Minority Whip Scalise,  and Senator Wicker, as well as Representatives Posey, Palazzo, and many  others on both sides of the aisle as we move forward.   I understand the concerns of many Members and Senators about how the  unemployment provisions work, but I believe that when this crisis  passes, our economy will come roaring back. I want to continue to work  with my colleagues on possible corrections and possibly another bill  this spring.   I want to thank our farmers, food processors, and truckers who  continue during these difficult times to provide the most basic need:  food.   Also, our hospitals and healthcare workers--the doctors, nurses, NPs,  PAs, CRNAs, lab workers, technicians, and all the other staff who make  our hospitals work--around the country are on the front lines of  fighting this virus and we are so grateful for their sacrifice to take  care of our citizens.   Again, I sincerely believe that we will get through this crisis. Our  country is stronger than this virus. This bill is just one example of  how we can come together to find solutions.   My prayers are with our families and all families across America as  well as with all of our nation's officials, from local government to  the White House. I appreciate the feedback from everyone back home, and  I hope to continue to do what I can to work on their behalf of all of  those I represent.   