 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this country faces an unprecedented  crisis in terms of the pandemic and the economic meltdown. I understand  that negotiations are currently going on in terms of coming up with an  economic package dealing with COVID-19 relief, and I applaud the very  hard work that each of the negotiators are doing, Democrats and  Republicans. But the truth is that the results up to this point for  those negotiations are totally unsatisfactory given the economic  desperation facing tens of millions of working families all across this  country.   As I think everyone will remember, back in March of this year, at the  beginning of the pandemic, the U.S. Congress acted unanimously-- unanimously, Democrats and Republicans--and worked with President Trump  to come up with an economic package that went a long way toward  preventing absolute misery and destitution for many of our people.   Through no fault of their own, COVID-19 resulted in millions of our  people losing their jobs and their income. That is what the pandemic  did. Nobody is to blame. That is what happened. And in response, in  March, Democrats and Republicans in this Congress came together, worked  with the President of the United States, and in a very significant way  responded to that crisis. That is what we did in March.   What I don't understand is that at a time when, in many ways, the  economic and public health crisis is worse today than it was in March,  why we are not responding accordingly?   In March, as you know, we passed the $2.2 trillion CARES Act, which  included a $600 supplement to unemployed workers, and, my God, what  relief that was to millions of workers who had lost their jobs. In  addition, we provided a $1,200 direct payment to every working-class  adult in this country, plus $500 for their kids.   Once again--and let me repeat this--we did this unanimously, and we  did it working with President Trump despite many of the enormous  disagreements that a lot of us have with President Trump on so many  issues.   Now, what I don't understand is, if we could work together in March,  if we could have succeeded 9 months ago, why can we not do exactly the  same thing right now? That is why I will insist that any agreement in  terms of a COVID-19 relief package must include not only strong  unemployment benefits but a $1,200 direct payment for the working  families of this country, similarly structured to what was included in  the CARES package of March.   I will be introducing an amendment to the 1-week continuing  resolution to make sure that occurs, that every working-class adult in  this country receives another $1,200 direct payment, plus $500 for  their kids. If we could do it in March and it was the right thing then,  now, at a time when the situation in many ways is even worse, we can  and must do it today.   Every Member of this body, I know, wants to get out of Washington to  get home to their families for the holiday season, and put me at the  very top of that list. But at a time when so many American families are  suffering, when so many people don't know how they are going to feed  their kids or prevent being evicted from their homes or how they are  going to pay for a doctor's visit, we cannot leave Washington and  return to our families unless we address the economic suffering that so  many other families are facing.   When a national emergency occurs, the U.S. Government must respond.  And we are in a national emergency today. To get out of Washington, to  turn our backs on the suffering of so many men, women, and children in  Vermont and in every other State in this country, would be immoral, it  would be unconscionable, and we cannot allow that to happen.   Again, we must make certain that every working family in this country  receives a $1,200 direct payment, plus $500 for their kids. That is the  least we can do.   Let me be as clear as I can be. Today, as a result of the horrific  pandemic and economic meltdown, the American working class is hurting  in a way that has not been experienced since the Great Depression of  the 1930s.   In terms of public health, yesterday alone, over 220,000 Americans  were diagnosed with COVID-19--yesterday--and tragically, over 3,000  died from this horrific virus. We are experiencing now some of the  worst days in terms of cases being diagnosed, in terms of  hospitalization, in terms of death. That is where we are today. In  other words, more Americans were killed by the coronavirus yesterday  than were killed on 9/11.   Tens of millions of our fellow citizens have lost their jobs as a  result of the pandemic. They have lost their incomes. They have lost  their health insurance. They have depleted their life savings.   Let me tell you this: We deferred evictions. We prevented people from  being evicted from their homes. But when at some point that deferment  ends, all across the country, people are going to owe thousands and  thousands of dollars to their landlords. They don't have the money to  pay them. Tens of millions of people are in danger of being evicted.   You may have noticed that there were reports out there that hunger--  [[Page S7392]]  this is the United States of America, the wealthiest country in the  history of the world. We are looking at numbers that suggest that  hunger is at the highest level we have seen in decades. Children in  America are going hungry, and all across this country, tenants are  worried that they are going to get a knock on the door from the sheriff  evicting them from their homes or their apartments and throwing their  belongings out on the street to join the other 500,000 Americans who  are now homeless.   In America today, over half of our workers are living paycheck-to- paycheck, while one out of every four workers in this country is either  unemployed or earning an annual income of less than $20,000 a year. I  don't know how anybody makes it on less than $20,000 a year.   During the holiday season to come, over one-third of Americans expect  to lose income and are already having a difficult time paying for their  basic household expenses.   I would be remiss if I didn't mention that, at a time when so many  people in our economy are suffering, it has been far worse for the  African-American and Latino communities. During this pandemic, nearly  60 percent of Latino families and 55 percent of African-American  families have either experienced a job loss or a pay cut. That is just  an unimaginable number. So the general population is suffering--even  worse for the African-American and Latino communities.   I should also add that, in the midst of this pandemic, not everybody  is suffering. The people on top, some of the billionaires on top, are  doing phenomenally well. Over the past 9 months of this pandemic, 650  billionaires--650, not a whole lot of people--have seen their wealth go  up by over $1 trillion, during this pandemic, and now own over twice as  much wealth as the bottom 50 percent of American people.   This is the United States of America, the richest country in the  history of the world. No person in this great country should be going  hungry. No person should live in fear of going homeless. No person in  America should lack the healthcare they need when they or their kids  get sick, especially in the midst of the worst public health crisis in  100 years.   Can you imagine? I mean, it really is unimaginable that we are  looking at 220,000 people yesterday having been diagnosed with COVID- 19, with the virus, and there are 90 million people in America who are  either uninsured or underinsured, and they can't even afford to go to a  doctor. But that is exactly what is going on in America today.   This is an unprecedented moment in American history, and the Senate  needs to take unprecedented action to protect the working families of  this country who are facing extreme economic desperation. If we could  act effectively in March through the CARES Act, we can act effectively  today as we enter this holiday season.   Once again, I very much appreciate the hard work that has gone into  the current $908 billion proposal being worked on by a number of  Democratic and Republican Senators, but, simply stated, given the  horrific extent of the current crisis and the desperation of so many of  our people, this proposal does not go anywhere--anywhere--far enough.   In truth, rather than the $3.4 trillion which we on the Democratic  side called for in the Heroes Act and passed in the House--the U.S.  House of Representatives a number of months ago passed a $3.4 trillion  bill, but what is being discussed and negotiated right now with  Democratic and Republican Senators only allocates $348 billion in new  money. The remaining $560 billion are funds transferred from the CARES  Act that have not yet been obligated.   So what we are talking about now, as opposed to $3.4 trillion passed  in the Heroes Act, is, roughly speaking, $348 billion in new money  right now. We are talking about, roughly speaking, 10 percent of new  money compared to what was passed in the House. That is absurd. That is  unacceptable. I am prepared to negotiate, but I cannot negotiate in  good faith when we are receiving 10 percent of new money compared to  what was passed in the House in the Heroes bill.   Unlike the CARES Act, which we passed unanimously in March, the  proposal now being negotiated only provides a $300 supplement for  unemployed workers rather than $600 a week. Further, unlike the $1,200  direct payment for every working-class individual and $500 for each  child, this agreement being negotiated provides absolutely nothing-- zero. Moreover, this proposal does nothing to address the healthcare  crisis impacting tens of millions of Americans who cannot afford  medical care and has totally inadequate financial assistance for the  most vulnerable.   The American people need help, and they need help now. In fact, there  has never been a time in the modern history of this country when the  American people were in more economic desperation and a time when  people needed help. If a government means anything, it means that we  cannot turn our backs on tens of millions of families who today are  suffering. So we have to make sure that every working individual in  America receives at least $1,200 in direct payment. That is what we  have to do. We cannot continue the status quo of simply coming in here  to work and then going home and going back for our holiday.   So I am going to do everything I can to insist that we make sure that  every working person in this country gets a $1,200 direct payment, and  we are not going to go home until that happens.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are currently in the midst of the  worst moment of the pandemic up until now.   We have recordbreaking numbers of deaths, of diagnoses of people with  COVID-19, of hospitals unable to accommodate even more people.   And in the midst of this pandemic, obviously, we are also in a severe  economic meltdown, and there are economists who are telling us that the  desperation of working families in this country today, right now, is  worse than at any time since the Great Depression.   In Vermont and all over this country, we have workers who have lost  their jobs and their income; people who are, by the millions, behind in  their rent and are afraid of being evicted, afraid of losing their  homes; people who have lost their health insurance, unable to go to a  doctor. In the midst of a terrible pandemic, they don't have health  insurance, can't go to a doctor when they get sick.   And what we are seeing today is a record number of Americans who are  struggling, literally, with hunger, unable to feed their kids. I know  in Vermont and all over this country there are lines of automobiles,  cars of people--people who had never received governmental help--in  line for emergency bags of groceries.   That is what is going on in this country today.   Now, back in March, in the beginning of the pandemic, this Congress  came together--Democrats and Republicans and President Trump came  together--and virtually unanimously passed the CARES Act, $2.2  trillion, which, among many other features, provided a $600 supplement  to unemployment benefits for 4 months and $1,200 direct payments for  every working-class adult in this country, plus $500 for their  children.   And here is the truth: That program, that CARES Program, saved lives,  gave dignity to people who were at their wit's end, and saved this  economy from further downfall.   Well, today, we are where we are, which is at another terrible moment  in this pandemic, and this Congress must act. We cannot leave here to  go home to our families for the Christmas holidays while other families  throughout this country, by the millions, are wondering how they are  going to pay the rent or feed their kids. We cannot do that.   And I am proud to say that Senator Hawley from Missouri and I have  worked together on a pretty simple amendment that he will be talking  about in a second, which says that we must include in any legislation  that is passed a direct payment of $1,200 for adults and $500 for kids.   We cannot, we must not leave Washington unless we do that. And next  week I am going to do everything that I can to make sure that that  happens. We cannot, we will not leave Washington unless we make certain  that millions of families have the economic assistance that they need.   So we are working on bipartisan legislation, and Senator Hawley has  done a very, very good job on this, and I am proud to yield the floor  to him.    Well, thank you very much, Senator.   And let me just say this: In March, as Senator Hawley indicated, we  came together, and I had the same experience in Vermont. People in  desperation called the office: When can we get the check? We  desperately need it. And I suspect it was the same thing in Texas and  the same thing in every other State in this country. People are  hurting.   We cannot go home unless we address the needs of those people. And  the amendment that Senator Hawley and I are introducing could not be  simpler. It is $1,200 in direct payment for adults up to a certain  limit--the same limit as was in the CARES Act--and $500 for their  children. We have already voted and passed that exact same provision in  March, and the situation today is not better. In some respects, it is  worse.   So I would hope that we would have bipartisan support for this  legislation. Look, it is no great secret, whether you are a Republican,  Democrat, or whatever, that people are losing faith in their  government. They are hurting; their kids are hurting; their parents are  hurting. They look to Washington and they say: Do you know that we  exist or are you just worried about your rich friends and your campaign  contributors?  [[Page S7413]]    In this moment of economic crisis, we have got to do everything that  we can to restore faith that this government works for ordinary people.  So let us do the right thing. Let us pass this amendment in a  bipartisan way. Let us show the working families of America that we  understand what they are going through, and we are going to stand with  them.   I yield the floor.   