 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of en bloc Amendment No. 2  which includes my amendment No. 35 to the Department of Defense  Division to provide an additional $5 Million for the Defense POW/MIA  Accounting Agency (DPAA).   Mr. Speaker, we ask much of our men and women in uniform, especially  when they are deployed into battle. They risk injury and indeed their  lives to carry out the missions that keep America safe and protect our  values around the world. In return, we make a promise to them that if  the worst were to happen, we would ensure that they will be brought  home to their families. The Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency's mission  is to do just that for the over 82,000 American Prisoners of War and  Missing in Action servicemembers since World War II still waiting to be  returned.   The DPAA works through diplomatic partnerships with 46 host nations  and collaborates with veterans service organizations, non-profit  institutions. and other private sector entities in order to maximize  scarce resources to find our missing servicemembers. They bring a  steadfast dedication to this mission, and we must ensure they have the  resources they need.   Since the 2015 reorganization of its predecessor organization, the  Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command, the DPAA has taken meaningful steps  towards refining its mission, unifying agency functions and personnel,  and augmenting its accounting and recovery operations. Through my  position as Chairman of the National Security Subcommittee I have  continued to exercise Congressional oversight to ensure that these  reforms are being optimally implemented, including leading several  bipartisan Congressional Delegations to the DPPA headquarters and  skeletal identification laboratory at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam,  as well as to their recovery missions in Vietnam, the Korean Peninsula  and the Philippines. and most recently, holding an oversight hearing in  the National Security Subcommittee last November.   The additional $5 Million that this amendment provides will help the  DPAA continue to build upon its reforms. as well as continue its  ongoing and vital work.   I would like to thank Representative Jody Hice for cosponsoring this  amendment and for his leadership in supporting POW/MIA identification  and recovery efforts. I would also like to thank Representative Mark  Green, with whom I have the pleasure of collaborating on helping  veterans who were deployed to the former K2 Forward Operating Base, for  cosponsoring this amendment as well.   I would like to thank Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Lowey and  Ranking Member Granger for including this amendment in the en bloc.   