 Mr. President, Senator Wyden is so right here. He fought  back in March for $600 a week for unemployed workers, which kept our  economy going, which kept us from going into a worse recession, which  made all the difference in the world for all these workers.   Think about this. If we were to adopt their proposal--I think they  have a proposal. We haven't really seen very much yet.   As Senator Wyden said, the House passed a bill back in May. It has  been May, June, and almost all of July. We have waited and waited and  waited.   Unemployed workers know that their unemployment expires at the end of  July, yet Senator McConnell sent us home, as Senator Wyden said. They  wait. We wait. We wait. Then they come up with this half-baked proposal  that they don't even know what it is exactly.   But we do know one thing. We do know that workers who were laid off  through no fault of their own, they want to work. Most Americans want  to work. Those workers, their unemployment is cut from $600 to $200 a  week. So we are essentially taking $400 from millions of workers in  Connecticut and Pennsylvania, West Virginia, New York, Oregon, Ohio,  Arkansas, and Utah. We are taking $400 a week from these workers at the  same time that the moratorium on eviction expires, at the same time  that eviction courts in the States open up.  [[Page S4499]]    In Columbus, OH--my State's largest city--they are holding eviction  courts in an arena because there are so many people who will be evicted  if their unemployment expires. In the middle of a pandemic, we are  going to evict people, and they are going to go to overcrowded homeless  shelters; they are going to go to sleep in their cousins' basements--in  the middle of a pandemic. What is that going to do?   I know the President just doesn't think much about the pandemic. He  has moved on to accusing who knows what, calling names, dividing and  all that, and isn't paying much attention to this pandemic. But, in the  middle of a pandemic, to cut unemployment is just unbelievable.   We know that, in their plan, there is a major cut in unemployment  benefits; there is no rental assistance that will help people pay their  rent; there is no expansion of the eviction moratorium. There is  nothing.   Senator McConnell has had months to extend expanded unemployment  benefits. He has had months to figure out what we are going to do on  evictions. Yet nothing. I don't know, when I look down that hall--I  don't really know--I see lobbyists running out of there, asking Senator  McConnell to get what they get, and they do very well every time,  apparently.   Americans want to go back to work. People want to go to work, but  they want to go back to work when it is safe. I want our schools to  open, but I want our schools to open safely.   President Trump, months into this pandemic, still has no plans to  protect workers. There is one reason people are still out of work:  President Trump's failure to get this pandemic under control.   Now, as they suggest we drop unemployment from $600 to $200--it is  not alarmist--people can lose their homes. A wave of evictions in the  middle of this pandemic will set back millions of families.   I know it is not something that Senators do very often, but try to  put yourself in the shoes of someone who is laid off in Akron, OH, or  in Eugene, OR, or in Hartford, CT. Someone is laid off. They get that  $600. They can stay in their apartments--barely, but they can.   They are paying attention--sort of--to what we do here. They do know  that their unemployment expires at the end of July. Then they hear of  no plan.   The Democrats have said: Let's extend the unemployment. Let's do  protections. Let's do emergency rental assistance. Let's help our  schools. Let's help our local governments. Let's make sure people have  enough food on their tables.   They hear nothing from the majority party, and people are now  beginning to understand that maybe the Senate is not going to do its  job, maybe the President really doesn't care about these unemployment  benefits.   Think about the anxiety a family faces, the uncertainty of: Is my  unemployment going to be there? Am I going to be able to stay in my  apartment? What am I going to do? How am I going to feed my kids? What  is going to happen with schools? We don't know if they are going to be  protected, if my kids are going to be safe at school.   Essentially, the Trump-McConnell plan tells people: You are on your  own.   It is time that we, as a body--it is time that the Republicans work  with Speaker Pelosi, work with us, that the President pays attention  for a moment, and we actually take care of people in their homes; we  take care of workers; we take care of people in our schools--instead of  turning our backs.   It is time to help families stay in their homes. It is time to get  people the help they need through this pandemic. It is time that this  body lead when the President has failed.   Their plans don't come close to being enough.   I yield the floor   