 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this  resolution.   Listening to people on the other side say that there is a cornucopia  of benefits awaiting women should the ERA become a part of the  Constitution, I am here to ask Members on both sides of the aisle to  look past what looks nice on a bumper sticker or a 40-second sound bite  to realize that there are going to be many consequences that will hurt  women should this be ratified. I will just talk about insurance,  because insurance is regulated by the States.   Girls get substantially lower rates on auto insurance because they  are better drivers. With the ERA and the State regulation, that would  become unconstitutional, and girls are going to have to pay boy  drivers' rates for auto insurance, which really does not reflect the  actuarial exposure of that at all.   Secondly, look at life insurance. Women live longer than men and, as  a result, in life insurance, also regulated by the States, you see  women's rates being lower than men's rates becoming unconstitutional,  and women are going to be paying more to life insurance companies for  the coverage that they decide on.   I could go on and on and on. We had a lot of hearings on this in  1973.   I am here to say that, when the ERA was originally passed in 1972,  women's rights were not enshrined in a lot of State laws. There has  been tremendous progress in this area both at the Federal level and in  the States. The proponents of this resolution completely ignore that  happening. We don't.   We think that the statutory protections that have been passed all  around the country in the last almost 50 years have advanced women and  have addressed a lot of the complaints that we hear from that side of  the aisle.   This is going to unleash a Pandora's box of lots of litigation that  has been raised by this, some of which has been brought up by my  colleagues on this side.  [[Page H1133]]    Let's not enrich the lawyers. Let's do the right thing. Don't pass  this resolution. Enforce the laws that have been passed both here and  in the State capitols.    Madam Speaker, parliamentary inquiry.    Madam Speaker, it is my intention to raise a point  of order that this resolution requires a two-thirds vote. I will argue  the point of order when it is made, but I need to know when the proper  time is to raise the point of order.    Madam Speaker, do I put the question before or  after it is passed?    Madam Speaker, I have a point of order.    Madam Speaker, I make the point of order that a  two-thirds vote is required for passage of this joint resolution  because it does have the effect of amending the Constitution.   And on the point of order, Madam Speaker, there was an extension that  was passed in 1978, where this issue came up, which extended the  deadline until 1982.   In 1982, the Equal Rights Amendment deadlines expired. In 1983,  Chairman Peter Rodino, of the Judiciary Committee, decided to introduce  H.J. Res. 1, which started the process over again.   The difference between what happened in 1978 and 1983 is that  Chairman Rodino, and those who supported re-introducing and attempting  to pass the Equal Rights Amendment, realized that it had expired and  required a start-over.   I believe that this does fall under that, and that it does require a  start-over, and I would ask the Chair to rule on whether or not the  point of order is well-taken and this does require a two-thirds vote.    Madam Speaker, I appeal the decision of the Chair.    Madam Speaker, I appeal that ruling of the Chair  as well, which I believe is appealable.   