 Mr. President, in the summer of 1920, America ratified  the 19th Amendment. This breakthrough in our history, born of decades  of setback and struggle by many unremembered women who never lived to  actually cast a vote for what to us now is a self-evident proposition  that women in this country should have the right to vote, moved this  country one step closer to equality. That is why I think it is so  fitting that, a century later, we pay our respects to the late Justice  Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who, more than anyone, advanced the cause of  equality between men and women over her remarkable career.   Justice Ginsburg's commitment to equality was not the result of lofty  idealism but the hard experience of her life.   Thirteen years after ratification of the 19th Amendment, Joan Ruth  Bader Ginsburg was born to a working-class family in Brooklyn. It was  the middle of the Great Depression, and her father sold furs at a time  when no one would buy them. Tragically, her mother died of cancer  before Ruth graduated from school.   But these challenges, like others she would face, did not defeat her.  They didn't prevent her from graduating first in her class at Cornell.  They didn't exclude her from Harvard Law School, where she was one of  only 9 women in a class of 550 and had to justify to the dean why she  had taken the place of a man. She finished her law degree at Columbia,  where she once again was first in her class, and not a single law firm  would hire her. She applied to clerk for Justice Felix Frankfurter on  the Supreme Court, who said that, although she was an impressive  candidate, he wasn't ready to hire a woman.   She understood these early firsthand experiences with discrimination  not merely as barriers to her obvious talents and potential but as a  vicious threat to our country's full potential. She knew that any  country that would deny a single person's chance to make a contribution  on account of their race or their gender or their religion or whom they  loved will never fully flourish. Tearing down these barriers became the  cause of her career.   She rose to become a full professor at Rutgers Law School and founded  America's first law journal on gender issues. Later, she returned to  Columbia Law School, where she became the first woman to hold a full  professorship. She worked pro bono for the ACLU, cofounding their  Women's Rights Project. She quickly became one of the most accomplished  litigators in the country, writing a brief the Supreme Court cited in  Reed v. Reed to rule for the first time that discrimination on the  basis of sex violated the 14th Amendment. Ruth Bader Ginsburg's  argument led the Court to overcome centuries of narrow views about the  proper role of women in American life. As a result, the Court's holding  redefined American law.   Ruth's accomplishments led to an appointment to the prestigious U.S.  Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, and in 1993 President Clinton  named her to the Supreme Court. Her nomination sailed through this body  with 96 votes--a reminder of a time not so very long ago when the  Senate actually understood its constitutional responsibility to advise  and consent and what that actually meant.   For more than a quarter-century on the Court, Justice Ginsburg  authored rulings that promoted fairness, advanced equality, and secured  hard-won rights. They upheld affirmative action and protected a woman's  right to choose.   Her dissent in one gender discrimination case was so powerful, it  inspired the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, the very first legislation  President Obama signed.   At the same time, she could never accept decisions that nullified the  right to vote or otherwise limited our democratic values, even when it  was hard for some of her colleagues to perceive the systemic racism in  our country. When they were gutting critical protections to the Voting  Rights Act, she had the common sense to tell them, you are ``throwing  away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet.''   As always, she cut legal convention and saw with clear eyes the  enduring threat discrimination poses to our elections. She knew voters  still deserved the protection of the law, and all these years later,  after State after State after State has passed laws dispossessing  people of important rights with respect to the right to vote, she has  been proved right   As we reflect on her legacy in a real sense, I would say Justice  Ginsburg herself should be thought of as a founder of our country, not  because she had an important title or wore a black robe--although, she  wore it as well as anyone in the countless images of her reproduced on  T-shirts and tote bags and onesies, as the ``Notorious RBG''--but  because she knew where we had fallen short and dedicated her life to  calling America closer to our best traditions of equality, liberty, and  opportunity for all, because the young Joan Ruth Bader knew America  would be worse off without her.   Justice Ginsburg made America more democratic, more fair, and more  free.   Mr. President, before I turn it over to my hard-working colleague  from Michigan who is here later than he should be only because that is  the kind of person he is, working so tremendously hard on behalf of the  people of Michigan and the people of this country--let me just say one  word about where we find ourselves in the Senate. I am just going to  take 2 minutes to do this.   I believe that American history can be best understood, from the very  founding of our country until now, as an epic battle between the  highest ideals that humanity has ever expressed in our founding  documents and the worst instincts of human beings. That is the founding  that took the form of the institution of slavery. You can draw a  straight line from those days to these days. There is no doubt in my  mind which side of that line Ruth Bader Ginsburg was on.   There is no guarantee that this country is going to become more  democratic, more fair, and more free. That took the work of  suffragettes; it took the work of enslaved people like Frederick  Douglass--another founder of this country who, in his lifetime, changed  the entire approach of the abolitionist movement to argue that the  Constitution was not a pro-slavery document, as they were arguing at  the time, but that it was an anti-slavery document and that we weren't  living up to the ideals of that Constitution. That is another self- evident fact today, to us, but it wasn't at the time that Frederick  Douglass made those arguments.   There is no doubt in my mind that if we find ourselves with a 6-to-3  Court, and we have replaced Ruth Bader Ginsburg not with somebody who  has an appreciation for the direction this country needs to go, which  is to enable all of us to participate fairly and justly and equally in  the society, but one where the most powerful and the most well  connected are able to get the courts to pay attention to them, while  working people all over this country can't have the basic health  insurance that everyone else in the industrialized world has come to  expect, we are going to be a poorer country for it.   My final point is--before I turn it over to the Senator from  Michigan--the fact that we got here with a majority leader who has  completely undermined any sense of integrity in this  [[Page S5764]]  body with respect to the rules--not speaking personally about him--is a  real problem. It is hard for me to see how this place will ever make  enduring change that we need to make if the American people have  completely lost faith in it.   In Mitch McConnell's Senate, words have lost their meaning. The rules  are what you can get away with politically. That is the outer boundary  of where you can go. It is moments like this that I remind them this is  not the first Republic that has failed. When words lose their meaning,  when promises mean nothing, when commitments mean nothing, that is when  institutions fail.   I, for one, hope that we will put this era behind us and not return  to some old era--I am not interested in that--but build a Senate that  is actually worthy of the 21st century, worthy of the example Ruth  Bader Ginsburg set, worthy of the expectations our kids and  grandchildren have of us and that we have of them and of America's  place in the world.   We are not going to do it this way. We can't do it this way. We have  a chance to make a change, and I hope that we will.   I yield the floor.   I say to my friend from Michigan, thank you for your patience and  indulgence.   