 Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues in discussing  the single greatest geopolitical threat facing the United States for  the next century, and that is the rise of Communist China.   We are, right now, months into a deadly global pandemic that has  sickened over 14 million people worldwide and has taken the lives of  over 600,000 people. Why are we in the midst of a global pandemic? It  is because the Chinese Communist Party deliberately lied to the world.  It covered up the outbreak and allowed it to spread. The coronavirus  pandemic has thrown into high relief the fact that China is our most  dangerous threat.   For 8 years in the U.S. Senate, I have worked hard to lead the fight  to address the threat of Chinese Communist power and aggression and  hostility head-on, to make the U.S. economy as free and independent  from China as possible, and to thwart the never-ending propaganda and  censorship campaign from the Chinese Communists.   Last week, the Chinese Communist Government made the decision to  sanction me personally, so I am now--I awoke to discover--prohibited  from traveling to Communist China. Somehow, I think I will overcome  that great burden, and I will tell you I wear China's sanction as a  badge of honor. There is a reason they are lashing out. There is a  reason it has decided to direct personal sanctions on me--because they  are scared; they are terrified. The Chinese Communists are murdering,  lying, torturing tyrants.  [[Page S4379]]    For a long time in Washington, there were politicians in both  parties--Democrats and Republicans--who were apologists for China, who  denied the threat was there, who insisted that the path forward was  getting more and more and more in bed with the Chinese Communists. The  most significant long-term foreign policy consequence of this global  pandemic is that people's eyes are opening up on both sides of the  aisle here in Washington and across the world. One need look no further  than the United Kingdom's reversing its decision to allow Huawei to  build its telecom infrastructure in order to understand how China's  mendacity has been revealed to the world.   So how do we hold China accountable? How do we deal with the Chinese  Communist Party?   First of all, we should sanction Chinese officials involved in the  ongoing suppression of medical experts, of journalists, and of  political dissidents, all of whom have been ``disappeared'' by the  Chinese tyrants. I have introduced legislation to do just that. Over  the past several years, I have introduced, roughly, a dozen separate  pieces of legislation that have all focused on different aspects of  addressing the China threat.   Another aspect is Chinese propaganda--Chinese propaganda that is  reflected here in the United States. Big Business, giant corporations,  the media, Hollywood all are terrified to take on Communist China. All  see the billions they can earn from access to the Chinese markets as  being more important than free speech.   With respect to Hollywood, sadly, too many movie producers here in  the United States have been perfectly content to allow the Chinese  Communists to censor American movies. For example, later this year, the  sequel to ``Top Gun'' is scheduled to come out--``Top Gun,'' one of the  greatest military recruiting films ever made. In the sequel, on the  back of Maverick's bomber jacket, the flag of Taiwan has been removed  and the flag of Japan, both of which the Chinese overlords deemed to be  offensive, and our heroic First Amendment champions in Hollywood  dutifully complied with censorship.   By the way, it needn't just concern geopolitical affairs in Asia.  With another Hollywood movie, ``Bohemian Rhapsody''--a fabulous biopic  of Freddie Mercury, the lead singer for Queen--the Chinese censors  decided it offended their sensibilities to have scenes in the movie  that revealed that Freddie Mercury was homosexual. Now, I ask you to  pause for a second and ask: How on Earth do you tell Freddie Mercury's  life story without including the fact that he was gay? It was integral  to who he was. Yet those in Hollywood, which on so many other issues  are glad to be woke social justice warriors, dutifully complied when  the Chinese censors said to take it out, and they deleted the scenes  from ``Bohemian Rhapsody.''   I have introduced legislation in this body called the SCRIPT Act that  will impose consequences when American companies allow the Chinese  Government to censor our films. The consequences are simple. We don't  have the power as the government to impose direct negative  consequences, but what we do have the power to do is to use the  incentives we have; namely, lots of movies borrow Federal assets. When  you go watch a movie and see a plane or a ship or a tank or when you go  watch a movie on the border and you see DHS assets, all sorts of  Federal agencies allow movies to use equipment that is the property of  the Federal Government. The SCRIPT Act is very simple. It says, if you  are going to allow the Chinese Communists to censor your movie, the  Federal Government is not going to loan you our equipment and materiel.  We are not going to facilitate making a movie if you are going to give  the Chinese Communists the editing and censoring pen.    Not only do the Chinese Communists engage in propaganda in Hollywood,  but they also engage in espionage and propaganda on our university  campuses--a very deliberate, systematic effort to steal and deceive. In  the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, I was  proud to secure a funding prohibition for the Department of Defense  from funding universities where the money could go to a Confucius  Institute. As a result of that bipartisan legislation, which earned  support from Republicans and Democrats, 17 Confucius Institutes have  been shut down.   When it comes to our supply chain, we have seen, in recent months,  the incredible foolishness of allowing the American supply chain to be  dependent on China--medical equipment, pharmaceuticals, PPE. In the  midst of this pandemic, one Chinese Government state-controlled  newspaper explicitly threatened to cut off lifesaving pharmaceuticals  to the United States of America as a tool of economic warfare. If it  were to do that, that wouldn't just be economic warfare--that would be  actual warfare. That is literally threatening the lives of millions of  Americans.   We need to break our supply chain dependence on China, especially  concerning critical infrastructure, and I have introduced hosts of  legislation designed to do so with respect to pharmaceuticals, with  respect to critical minerals. We have to keep the American people's  lives and safety not dependent upon the whims of Communist China.   In my final point right now, in China today, there are, roughly, 1  million Uighurs in concentration camps--an Orwellian-style, dystopian  government, where the government has all power to monitor what you say,  to monitor whom you talk to, to monitor your beliefs. I introduced  legislation to impose sanctions on any American technology companies  that facilitate the monitoring and oppression of the Chinese people. I  am proud to say the Trump administration took major portions of that  legislation I introduced and implemented them to increase the pressure  to stop facilitating Chinese torture and oppression.   The overwhelming challenge for this body and for this country for the  next century going forward is how we will stand up to the threat of  China. China is waging a 1,000-year war. For the sake not only of  Americans but for the sake of the free world, America needs to win this  contest.   I yield the floor.   