 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be able  to complete my remarks prior to the scheduled vote.    Madam President, I want to start by addressing a few of  the things that the minority leader, Senator Schumer, discussed this  morning.   Last week, Senator Schumer twice--twice--blocked an extension to the  Federal unemployment bonus payments. Twice, the Democratic leader threw  his hands up, and he said no. He said: Democrats will not support an  extension of these benefits--he said--at any level. Why? He said why.  He said he wants Republicans to pass his leader's bill. His leader is  Nancy Pelosi. It is partisan, and it is loaded.   Senator Schumer likes to talk about some of the things in the  Speaker's bill, but he carefully avoids much of it because one-third of  the spending is completely unrelated to coronavirus--a full one-third.   Senator Schumer says we remain far apart. He said that the difference  is between ``priorities and scale.'' Priorities and scale. Well, let's  look at some of the priorities in the bill that he supports: direct  payment checks to illegal immigrants; taxpayer-funded abortions;  changes to election laws--permanent; tax breaks for the wealthy in New  York and in California; millions and millions more for environmental  justice, the National Endowment for the Arts. It is a long, long list.   The minority leader's statement was full of metaphors and analogies  this morning, but he had very little, if any, substance.   The votes we had last week were not what he said--``sham votes'';  they were real votes that would have extended real money to real people  all over the country. The answer by Senate Democrats, according to  their Senate Democratic leader, is a larger Federal Government. That is  what they are proposing.   The minority leader used the analogy of a leaky faucet. He said that  we have to take care of the flood, but he never mentioned actually  fixing the faucet. Their bill does exactly that--never gets to fixing  the problem; it just gives Americans a larger government.   The Republican plan provides 10 times more for vaccine development  and distribution than what the Democrats passed in the House. It  actually gets at beating the virus. The Democrats say they are rescuing  schools and small businesses, but their bill actually zeroes out the  Paycheck Protection Program and provides less money for schools.   As for understanding the needs of the country, Senate Republicans  have passed, in a bipartisan way, $3 trillion in relief, and half of  that is still unspent.   On the State and local government side, it is ironic to hear the  minority leader mention all of his preferred public service workers,  but not once in that discussion did he mention police officers. That is  because the platform of the Democrats now really is to defund the  police. And this is at a time when the murder rate in his own  hometown--New York City--is at a record level.   I come to the floor to discuss the reckless spending and the partisan  obstruction by the Democratic Party. It is the path they have chosen to  deal with coronavirus. It is the Speaker's $3 trillion runaway spending  spree. Speaker Pelosi says it is her way or the highway, and the Senate  Democratic leader, her deputy, Chuck Schumer, has been 100 percent  behind her political stunt.   At the same time, the Democrats are ignoring what the American people  tell us they want and need. They want to resume their lives. People  want to resume their lives safely and sensibly, and to do so, they need  a safe work environment; they need a safe, effective vaccine; they need  their jobs back; and they need their kids in school. Republicans are  doing everything we can to provide this.   At this time of soaring national debt, we must make sure that every  penny we spend is focused on the disease and the recovery. Congress has  already approved nearly $3 trillion in combined coronavirus aid. When  the Senate passed the bipartisan CARES Act, it was the largest rescue  package in U.S. history. Over $1 trillion of the relief money still has  not been spent, and at the same time, millions of people who lost their  jobs in lockdowns remain out of work. Schools and small businesses face  challenges in reopening as well.   Congress needs to act, and we need to act now. We want to support  people who are most in need and to do it in a way that encourages, not  discourages, work.   According to the University of Chicago study, two out of three  unemployed people are currently making more at home than they would at  work. That is due to this $600-per-week bonus payment. It is not common  sense.   Last week, when Republicans offered a sensible compromise, Democrats  rejected it out of hand. They want to continue paying people more to  stay home than they would make at work. Democratic leaders are holding  the unemployed hostage--as they say, leverage--in their negotiations  with the White House. Once again, the Democrats are putting politics  above people, slowing the economic recovery, and destroying millions of  jobs in the process.   Senate Republicans, meanwhile, introduced serious relief legislation.  The Republican legislation is targeted, tailored to the emergency. Our  bill provides resources for healthcare for kids and for jobs. We safely  reopen the economy. We safely reopen schools. We fund testing,  treatment, and vaccines. We provide liability protection. We shield the  medical community, K-12 schools, colleges, universities, and small  businesses from frivolous coronavirus lawsuits. We already see greedy  trial lawyers trying to profit from the Nation's pain. Over 4,000  lawsuits have already been filed. An avalanche of abusive coronavirus  lawsuits will flatten and flatline the economy as it just tries to  awaken.   We continue to put the health, safety, and well-being of the American  public first. We are doing everything we can to defeat the virus, and  we contrast our serious efforts with Speaker Pelosi's pricey, partisan  pipe dream. If enacted, her so-called Heroes Act would be a huge waste  of taxpayer money--the largest waste of taxpayer money in U.S. history.  In fact, her bill costs more than all previous coronavirus legislation  combined. It may be her dream; it would be a nightmare for the American  public.   We can go through the things that are in the Democrats' wish list,  and anything I would say here would just be the tip of the iceberg. Let  me remind you what POLITICO reported when the bill passed the House. It  said: It is a Democratic wish list filled up with all the parties'  favorite policies. National Public Radio said the bill marks a long  wish list for Democrats. The New York Times said the bill was more a  messaging document than a viable piece of legislation.   Government doesn't have a spending problem so much as an overspending  problem. It is on full display right now as the Democrats promote  runaway spending--spending that is unrelated to the challenge before  us. Speaker Pelosi is wasting our Nation's time on a far-left fantasy  that does not have a single chance in the world of becoming law.   Let me be clear. Republicans will hold the line on reckless spending.  We need to keep the next relief bill to no more than $1 trillion, and  we need to ensure that the bill only includes things directly related  to the coronavirus.   I am ready to act now. It is essential we get this right. And for the  good of the country, this wild, willful, wasteful spending by the  Democrats has to stop.   I yield the floor.   I ask for the yeas and nays.   