 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here tonight on the floor to talk  about a historic opportunity for our country and for our national  parks--a true treasure of this country. When Teddy Roosevelt started  the national parks, he wanted to preserve some of the most beautiful,  pristine lands in America for public use.   It was a good decision. Now we have 84 million acres of parkland all  around the country. Some of them are historical parks, battlefields, or  Presidents' homes. Some of them are like Yosemite or Yellowstone. The  Tetons are known as spectacular, beautiful vistas. Others, like  Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Ohio, are really suburban parks. It  sits between Cleveland and Akron, OH. It is the 13th most visited park  in the United States of America. It is a fantastic park--for fishing,  for hiking, for bicycling, for going on a scenic railroad.   People love the parks. There is a good reason for that--because they  are spectacular. In fact, visitation at the parks is up. During the 10  years just before the park centennial, which was in 2016, we had about  a $58 million increase in visitors to our national parks.   As the coronavirus begins to fade--thank goodness--more and more  people are wanting to be outside, do things with their family, do  something that is not expensive but is fun and healthy. Our national  parks are the perfect place. As our parks begin to reopen, we are going  to get more and more visitors to those parks.   The problem is, when they go to these parks, they are going to find  that there are some issues. These issues are that our national parks  over the years have not kept up with their maintenance, with the basics  of what you would expect in any organization--the water systems, the  roads, the bridges, the bathrooms, the visitor centers, the trails.  Many of these are now closed in some of our parks because they haven't  had the funding to do the capital improvements, the things you would  think about in deferred maintenance at your home. For instance, if your  roof starts to leak, you want to fix it because if you don't, then your  wall begins to get moldy or your floor begins to couple. That is what  is happening in our national parks.   Not only has Congress not provided the money for these more expensive  infrastructure changes in our parks, but that has caused additional  damage. Every day it is causing more and more damage. It is the biggest  challenge we have in the parks.   I was a member of what is called the Centennial Commission for the  national parks, which is a private sector group that was formed when I  was not in public office a few years ago, and it was working up to the  2016 centennial. The top issue was this deferred maintenance.   I have been on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee and have  been passing legislation related to the parks. The Centennial Act we  passed in 2016. That was very important because it provided more  funding for the parks.   Frankly, we could not come up with enough money through the  appropriations process to deal with these long-term problems. Why?  Because they are so expensive. In the parks, it is believed there is  now a $12.5 billion shortfall--a $12.5 billion deferred maintenance  project.   We fund the parks every year, but we fund them for the rangers, for  the naturalist programs. We fund some of the good work that is being  done with schoolchildren and so on, but these big expenditures, like a  new road or a new bridge or, in the case of Cuyahoga Valley National  Park, a new railway system because the rails themselves need to be  improved and replaced--those things are too doggone expensive for  annual appropriations.   Several years ago, some of us came up with an idea of providing more  public-private partnerships with the parks. The Centennial Act, which I  authored, does that. In fact, we have been able to provide a match of  greater than 1 to 1 for money that is put into what is called our  Centennial Challenge Fund.   The money goes in from the Federal Government, and it has been  matched  [[Page S2793]]  more than 1 to 1 by private sector money. That is helpful, but it  cannot again handle these huge expenditures.   Another idea--Senator Mark Warner of Virginia actually came to me on  this several years ago and said: Why don't we take some of the revenue  that is coming from our oil and gas and other energy projects that are  on Federal land, both onshore and offshore, and take some of those  royalties--the revenue the Federal Government derives from that, which  is not going to another purpose--and say that a part of those revenues,  not all but a part of it, should be focused on this issue of  infrastructure, of this deferred maintenance, that is growing and  growing in our parks and getting more expensive every year if we don't  fix it.   I love that idea because that is exactly what the oil and gas revenue  money ought to be used for--to help in terms of our natural resources.  It is not everything. The $12.5 billion has about $6 billion of  immediate projects that need to be handled right away. These are the  priority projects. Those are the ones we focus on. For the next 5  years, in our legislation, we are requiring that enough of those  resources from the royalties come in to handle that $6 million,  assuming that the royalties are there. Right now, the cost of oil is so  low that it would be tough to meet that. We think, over time, that will  even out, and we will have enough. If there is not, then the money will  not be there, but if it is, the money will be there to do exactly what  we ought to do, which is, in the end, to save taxpayers' money by  fixing some of these problems before they get worse.   Some people say: Well, it is better to do it with an annual  appropriations in Congress. I would say to that, in many respects, this  funding for our park is a debt unpaid. In other words, it is money that  we should have been paying all along to keep up with the roads, the  bridges, the buildings, the railway systems, the seawalls--which I will  talk about in a minute--but we haven't. We have allowed this to build  up.   In a way, this is a debt that is on our books that we have to deal  with. Think about it in your family or in your business, if you allow  these deferred maintenance problems to continue to grow, you end up  having additional costs. We need to take care of it. This is a great  way to do it, taking these revenues and applying it to these immediate  problems.   By the way, there was a lot of discussion in Congress over the years  about shovel-ready projects. When you do infrastructure spending, you  want it to be shovel-ready. These are shovel-ready because they have  been vetted. We require the Park Service to provide us every year what  their infrastructure needs are, what their priority infrastructure  needs are and to rank them   For every single national park property in America, we know what it  is. As an example, this is the William Howard Taft birthplace in my  hometown of Cincinnati, Ohio. As you can see, the ceiling is leaking.  What happens is, the ceiling leaks. And then, the walls are getting  damaged, the floor is getting damaged, and some beautiful furniture  from the Taft era is getting damaged. We need to fix it. It is a big  expense. It is the entire roof that has to be repaired.   Their annual budget is not nearly enough do that. They have an annual  budget. It takes care of a few park rangers who are naturalists and  interpreters. They have a lot of school kids who come through, as an  example, and others who want to see the history of William Howard  Taft's upbringing, who was a Chief Justice as well as President of the  United States. There is no way the annual appropriation from Congress  able to do something like that. It needs these additional resources.   Here we are at the Cuyahoga National Valley National Park. This is  one of the buildings. As you can see, it is not in great repair. They  don't have money to take it down and not enough money to repair these  kind of buildings. All they want to do with this building, by the way,  is to take it down. It is a hazard. As you can imagine, it is  attracting crime and drug use and other issues. They have several  buildings like that.   Here is another one. This is the railway I talked about at the  Cuyahoga Valley National Park. I am here with the park director. This  ranger is a guy who has been all around the country. He told me that in  every single one of our parks, he has had to work through this issue.  How do you take our budget and make sure you have the rangers, have the  naturalist programs, and keep things in order but then don't have  enough to pay for these big expenses?   We are right near a bridge here that is also falling down. When the  bridge is falling down, the people will not be able to access the trail  and the bike trail. It is a big expense. You have to do it.   Here I am at the Perry Monument. This is on Lake Erie. For those of  you who have been to Put-in-Bay, you know it is a great place to go.  The Perry Monument is awesome. It not only talks about William Perry  and his history and legacy but the War of 1812 and all of the veterans  of that war and the relationship now between Canada and the United  States and the UK, now being our great allies. That was not always so.  The War of 1812 was essential for the United States and something as  part of a historical park to be remembered.   The seawall that protects that memorial is crumbling. The seawalls  don't last forever. This one is not lasting forever, particularly as  the Lake Erie water level is increasing. You can see that not only is  the seawall crumbling, but there are potholes behind me that cause  sinkholes, they call them. People are not allowed to go out on the  lakefront here in many places because of that. That is a huge expense  to do a seawall. They have to do it to protect the monument itself. The  visitor center there is not ADA compatible, the Americans with  Disabilities Act. They need funding to do that, which is a major  expense.   These are the kinds of things we are talking about. This is not just  my home State of Ohio. This is about $100 million that needs to come  out of this fund just for the State of Ohio.   Again, there are other States that have bigger national parks and  more needs and more infrastructure and more roads and bridges that need  help, but for us this is really important. We have to be sure that we  are protecting this incredible treasure from future generations.   That is what this legislation is about. It is going to be on the  floor this week and voted on as part of the Great American Outdoors  Act, which includes, also, money for the Land and Water Conservation  Fund.   I will say, with regard to the national park funding, this funding is  directed at stewardship. In other words, not a single penny of the  money we are talking about with Restore Our Parks Act that I have been  describing can go to expansion of a park--not one penny. All of it has  to go toward restoring the parks, toward stewardship of the parks.   I think that is important because whether you are a Republican or a  Democrat, I think you should agree that to the extent we have these  parks and have this land, we need to take better care of them. It is  our responsibility. We are the stewards. Our generation is the steward  for future generations. We have not done it. This is an opportunity to  right that wrong. We need to get back on track.   My hope is that we will continue to see support for this on both  sides of the aisle, both sides of the Capitol. It is really important.  We saw on Monday night there was a first trial vote to be able to  proceed to the debate on this bill. That vote was overwhelming--80  Senators voted for it out of 100. That is unusual around here. That  shows, again, the bipartisan nature of this and the fact that this is  carefully thought out. We spent a lot of time on it. We got it out of  committee not once but a couple of times. We have done a lot of  research on it. We made sure the parks are providing us with good data  to know what these projects are, what are their highest priorities.    There is a lot of discussion in this Chamber about putting more money  into infrastructure, and maybe that will be done as part of the next  legislation. They have been talking about it, in terms of the next  stimulus package, to have infrastructure funding. Whether it is rural  broadband or whether it is our ports or our roads or our bridges, I  think there is an opportunity there. If you put a dollar in, you get  more than a dollar back if you do the right kind of smart economic  infrastructure.   There are two problems with it. One, often it is not merit-based if  Congress  [[Page S2794]]  does it. Remember the Bridge to Nowhere years ago where there was a  bridge in Alaska that didn't go anywhere, but we were going to pay  millions of dollars for it. These are not ``bridges to nowhere.'' These  projects have all been vetted. It is a merit-based process.   Second, sometimes they just aren't shovel-ready. In other words, the  priority is to fix something, but you don't have the permits; you don't  have the approval. These are on national park lands. They have the  approval. They are ready to go. They are shovel-ready. They are merit- based.   Discussion around here often about infrastructure is not to pay for  it with an offset but rather--because infrastructure spending returns  capital, which it does if it is done properly. This would return a lot  because this is stuff that is going to involve more visitors, more  revenue being raised--through people coming to the parks and attendance  at the parks--for the communities, certainly, that the parks are in but  even for the parks themselves. We are talking often about not paying  for it. Here, we actually do have it paid for. It is not a traditional  pay-for--I acknowledge that--but it is funding that comes from the  royalties, again, from offshore and onshore oil and gas and other  energy projects that goes into fixing our national parks. It is our  responsibility as stewards to do that.   My hope is that what we will see tomorrow and the next day and maybe  into next week, depending on how long people want to debate this, is  that we can continue to have the support we saw on Monday night for our  parks. It is one of the true treasures of our country. It is a great  asset that if we don't fix it, it will not be there for future  generations because these things--once they start to crumble, once the  seawall is gone, the monument is gone. When you have a situation where  bathrooms are closed or trails are closed, people are going to show up  and be, understandably, disappointed that the U.S. Congress did not  take advantage of this opportunity if we do not vote for this to be  able to fix the parks for future generations.   Finally, I would like to thank not just my colleague Senator Warner,  whom I talked about earlier, who has been a champion on this issue, but  also Senator Lamar Alexander and Senator Angus King. Senator Alexander  has been involved in these issues for many years. Back in the Reagan  administration, he was on another Commission. I mentioned the  Centennial Commission for the parks. He was on another Commission for  the great outdoors, which recommended dealing with this issue. Again,  it has been the top issue for our national parks.   If we can pass this legislation--$6.5 billion over the next 5 years  for our national parks--this will truly be historic. This is, in a  sense, a Teddy Roosevelt moment for us, in this generation, our  generation, to be able to right the wrongs and fix the problems and get  our parks back on track so they will be there for future generations.   I also want to thank the President of the United States and his  Cabinet because they have been helpful in this--the Secretary of the  Interior, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.  President Trump himself actually increased the size of this program by  saying: Let's not just include our national parks; let's also include  our national wildlife; let's include our national forests.   This is even a broader program than just national parks now. This is  really important. It was in the President's budget each of the last 3  years, and I appreciate that. That gives us a chance to talk about how  to get this not just through the Senate and through the House but  actually signed into law because the President is prepared to sign it  if we can get our work done here.   I hope my colleagues will do again what they did on Monday night-- recognize that this is an important initiative at a time when our  country is once again polarized. We have plenty of issues between the  coronavirus and what is happening on the streets. Isn't it good to see  something that can bring our country, our Senate, our House, and our  President together to do something that is important for future  generations   I yield back.   