 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am on the floor today to talk about the  annual National Defense Authorization Act to support our servicemembers  and their families. This is one of the few things that the Senate  actually passes and does so on a bipartisan basis, and I am hopeful we  will do that again. It is because Republicans and Democrats alike  recognize it is imperative to give the men and women serving in our  Armed Forces the resources and support they need to carry out their  critical missions for all of us.   This year, I am pleased to recognize the importance of ensuring that  our troops get compensated properly for the hard work and sacrifices  they make. It has an across-the-board 3-percent pay increase in it.  They deserve it. On July 4, as we celebrate 244 years of freedom, I  think it is appropriate that we demonstrate our support for the brave  men and women in uniform whose sacrifices have ensured the liberty we  are celebrating.   I am also pleased that there is a lot in here that is really  important to the people I represent in Ohio. At Wright-Patterson Air  Force Base in Ohio, which is our State's largest single-site employer,  the bill authorizes $23.5 million for important work on a new hydrant  fuel system for the Defense Logistics Agency. It will make a big  difference to our airmen and Air Force civilians and to the troops  around the  [[Page S4205]]  world who rely on DLA for their equipment and resources.   There is also $35 million for enhanced energy efficiency at Wright- Patterson's National Air and Space Intelligence Center, NASIC. We are  so proud to have NASIC in Ohio, and we are happy to see this additional  investment in infrastructure for NASIC. Hopefully, the Space Command  will end up in Ohio as well.   There is also $15 million in the bill for construction of a new Guard  readiness center in Columbus, OH, which will serve as a staging area  for the Ohio National Guard, which is increasingly being called upon to  respond to crises. I will have a chance to visit with some of our Guard  members next week in Ohio, and I look forward to it.   One of the bill's other important initiatives that has a big impact  on my State is authorizing $1.4 billion to upgrade and modify Abrams  tanks. It authorizes about $847 million to build and upgrade the  Stryker armored fighting vehicles. There is also an additional $378  million to produce 72 Stryker chassis to support the Army's Maneuver  Short Range Air Defense Program. This is all really great news for our  men and women in uniform. Why? Because they are going to get from Lima,  OH, the best equipment in the world to be able to protect themselves  and keep the peace. These Abrams and Stryker vehicles are the most  advanced and lethal tanks and armored vehicles on the battlefield  today.   Of course, this isn't just a big win for our military; it is also  great for the Joint Systems Manufacturing Center, which I call the tank  plant--always have. It is in Lima, OH, and it is the only facility in  the world that can do what they do. It is certainly the only facility  in the United States that has the capacity and the highly trained  personnel capable of producing Abrams tanks and Stryker armored  vehicles. It is a strategic asset for our country and a source of  employment for some truly outstanding engineers, welders, and other  technicians. I love going to the plant and talking to them about what  they do. A lot of them are veterans, and all of them believe that they  are part of the effort.   The Obama administration, by the way, 9 years ago, wanted to shutter  this plant. They said that we wouldn't need tanks in the future and we  should shut down the plant and shut down the line, which would have  cost billions of dollars to mothball and then try to start it again.  Thank goodness we didn't do that. We fought hard against it. I  recognized it was the wrong decision and fought against it every step  of the way. I remember, at the time, some of the taxpayer groups were  saying: Oh, my gosh, this is somehow inappropriate to keep funding  going when the Obama administration says it is not necessary. But it  was necessary. It was necessary then, and, boy, it is certainly  necessary now. We saved the taxpayers a lot of money by not shutting it  down.   We provided enough funding to keep it open partly by bringing in  foreign sales, and I helped in that, to try to get other countries to  try to use our tank plant, which they have and still do. We also  reversed years of backlogged maintenance recently, and we ensured our  workers have a safe environment in which to work. So it is doing well  now. The lines are humming. Thank goodness we kept it open.   In 2018, I had the opportunity to be the first Member of Congress to  see the latest model of the Stryker Dragoon vehicles. They have a 30- millimeter turret--a cannon on top of an armored vehicle. This is a  wheeled armored vehicle with a turret on top of it. That 30-millimeter  cannon replaced the normal 50-caliber machine gun. The 50-caliber  machine gun is effective in certain instances, but the 30-millimeter  cannon is much more effective in many places on the battlefield,  particularly in Europe, given the threat we face there.   So whether it is in Eastern Europe in the Baltic States or being  prepositioned in Germany for the possibility of having to respond, this  is what our military wants, what our Army wants, and we have to  continue to provide our soldiers this Dragoon variant of the Stryker so  that they can deter aggression from Russia and others and help keep our  allies safe. This includes, by the way, Ukraine.   Talking about Ukraine, it has been in the headlines a lot over the  last several months. I have been to Ukraine several times. I had the  opportunity to be on the frontline in Ukraine at what is called the  line of contact. Let me tell you, it is not a cold war; it is very much  a hot war.   I know that here, on this side of the Atlantic, what is happening in  Ukraine can sometimes seem like it is half a world away and maybe  doesn't affect us, but it is not far away, and it does affect us. It is  very relevant. In a sense, it is where the modern battle is taking  place between two very different ideologies, one of freedom and  democracy and wanting to connect to the West, and that is modern  Ukraine. That is exactly what President Zelensky and the Parliament  there and others want to do. The other would be the oligarchy and the  corruption of Russia, which want to pull Ukraine back into their orbit.    In Ohio we have a large Ukrainian community, particularly in  Northeast Ohio, and they certainly have a vested interest in seeing  that their ancestral homeland can defend itself from Russian aggression  as it works to align itself more with NATO and the West while promoting  the platform of democracy, freedom, transparency, and free markets.   I have met with President Zelensky several times, and I am encouraged  by his commitment and his passion to keeping Ukraine on the right  track, including fighting corruption. We have to continue as a country  to ensure that elimination of corruption continues in Ukraine. I was  pleased to see that Ukraine was very recently designated as a NATO  Enhanced Opportunities Partner, and one day I hope to welcome them as a  full member of NATO. We are passing, I hope, a unanimous consent  resolution in this body with regard to this issue. We need to be sure  and let Ukraine know we support them.   For the past 4 years, I have worked to include provisions in the  NDAA, the Defense bill we are working on now, that help expand military  assistance to Ukraine and build on the Ukraine military security  assistance initiative. This year I was pleased that the bill again  authorizes $250 million in lethal and nonlethal aid to Ukraine. That  includes $125 million in lethal assistance that they need. That is an  increase of $75 million from last year's budget. So we are doing even  more to help allow the Ukrainians to defend themselves.   New this year, this bill includes my proposal to require the  Departments of State and Defense to develop a new multiyear strategy to  support the development of Ukraine's military forces, increasing its  capability and capacity and providing a resource plan for U.S. security  assistance.   I had the opportunity to speak today to General Dayton, who will be  nominated by the President to be the next Ambassador to Ukraine. This  is a guy who has done a terrific job of working with the Ukrainian  military to modernize the military, to ensure there is more  transparency, civilian control, and to be sure they are following the  model that will allow them to be successful in recruiting and in  fighting against the Russian threat.   There is a lot to like in the NDAA, and I have introduced some  amendments that I hope will be included as well. I will continue to  advocate for Ohio and for the men and women who keep us safe every day.   I look forward to voting on the bill's passage in the Senate soon so  that our troops, who give so much of themselves just to be able to keep  us safe, have the resources they need, the best equipment, and the  highest level of readiness to be able to fulfill that mission to keep  the peace and to continue to secure our liberties   