 Madam Speaker, Kathy, members of the Fitzpatrick family,  and Members on both sides of the aisle from Pennsylvania who have lost  a dear colleague with whom they served; he served with honor. He served  with civility. He served as an example.   Madam Speaker, at a time when rank partisanship has become sadly  pervasive in Washington, Mike Fitzpatrick shone a bright light of  consensus building, civility, and respect.   He was an example that all of us could follow. I was sad to learn of  his passing. My thoughts, of course--and I know I speak for all of us,  not in a partisan sense, not in a Democratic or Republican sense, but  in a human sense--are with his wife, Kathleen, their six children, and  his entire family which includes our colleague, of course, Brian, his  brother who succeeded him representing Pennsylvania's Eighth  Congressional District.   Madam Speaker, it speaks volumes that Mike had so many friends here  on this side of the aisle in addition to his own side. The words that  the Republican leader spoke could be spoken by all of us. That is  because he looked past party labels and saw in all of us fellow  Americans, drawn to service like he was, eager to do right by our  constituents, as he was.   Our colleague from Washington State, Mr. Denny Heck, shared a story  about a bill he and Mike were working on together in 2013 when  Republicans were in the majority. Mike was the lead sponsor. His party  was in charge. But because the bill would have a better chance of  getting on the suspension calendar if it were a minority bill, he gave  over the lead sponsorship to Denny, giving up the greater measure of  credit in order to get the bill done.   That is who he was: getting things done; not taking credit, but  getting the substance realized. That was leadership--responsibility and  focusing on substance and achievement rather than politics and process.   That was Mike Fitzpatrick. During his two periods of service in this  House, Mike made a real difference to keeping children safe online, to  help those affected by the housing collapse, and to track and stop the  financing of terrorist groups around the world.   He will be remembered by all who served with him, by his  constituents, all of his friends, and, certainly, his family;  remembered for the kind person that he was, for the thoughtful person  he was, for the courteous person he was, and as an effective  legislator, for his good nature and his integrity.    I want to thank my friend, the Republican leader, for leading this  tribute, and I want to thank all of those on both sides who have taken  the time to share stories about Mike and the impact he had on us, on  this House, on Pennsylvania, on America.   