 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this  amendment and to the disrespectful manner in which it was brought to  the people's House.   It is strategically reckless and naive, and both amendments  politicize our most serious constitutional obligation and willfully  bypass regular order just to score political points against our  President.   Like many of my colleagues and my fellow veterans in the House, I  agree it is long past due to update the two Authorizations for Use of  Military Force now in effect. We owe our citizens and servicemembers an  honest debate on the use of military force. Madam Speaker, 18 years is  too long for this AUMF. We are not living up to our constitutional  duties.   But let's be clear: This is not what this amendment does. Rather than  confront reality that American security at home requires the principled  use of force abroad, repealing the 2002 AUMF without a replacement will  trigger our immediate withdrawal from Iraq.   Our military leaders have been clear. Without the 2002 AUMF or a  suitable replacement, they cannot continue their missions in Iraq and  defend themselves against Iranian-backed militias, the same militias  that killed another American last month and attacked us again just 3  days ago.   Ask yourselves: Who benefits from this vote? It is Iran. Who loses  from this vote? It is Iraq, the Kurds, and every U.S. partner in the  Middle East. Our security will be compromised.    To our Democratic colleagues, you may think this is a free vote, that  the Senate may not support or a veto will give you cover, but you would  be wrong. A vote to repeal the 2002 AUMF without a replacement will  embolden Iran and ISIS and sends an unmistakable message to every U.S.  partner around the world that Congress has lost its resolve and that  partisanship trumps America's national security and reason.   For the record, attaching these two provisions to a Congressional  Gold Medal vote for the purpose of avoiding a motion to recommit is  beneath the dignity of this Chamber and shameful by the majority, and  it is disrespectful to the World War II veterans it recognizes.   Madam Speaker, I oppose this feckless amendment.   