 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Representative  Walden, Congressman Pallone, and also   David Trone.   Our Freshman Working Group has been incredible on this issue. It is  interesting how it has come full circle.   Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, in my very first speech on the floor of the  House of Representatives, I called on Congress to act and address the  opioid addiction crisis that causes tens of thousands of deaths every  year. During the 2 years since that speech, I have been working hard to  provide solutions and take positive steps to address the crisis.   I also have become more aware of the harm the opioid epidemic has  caused in our streets and in our districts. I have seen how the crisis  has affected the friends and the family members of so many, including  some in this Chamber today, like my dear friend   David Trone, who  tragically lost his nephew to an opioid overdose.   I have been personally affected by this crisis, and I know the toll  it takes on those affected and the people who love them. I was sitting  at my desk in Congress about 1 year ago when I got the call that my  cousin Trey had overdosed, not far from where I was sitting. I talked  about this with Congressman Trone. We knew we had to do something.   I think that is why we have to thank Members like Representative  Sherrill and Representative Armstrong for their incredible support in  this.   Trey and Ian, I think this bill is for them and all the people who  have suffered through this incredible scourge.   Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today starts to address some of those  challenges and is a positive step toward combating the very real crisis  of opioid addiction that has had devastating consequences for families  across this Nation.   Obviously, I strongly support H.R. 2466, the State Opioid Response  Grant Authorization Act of 2020. Not only must Congress act to address  this crisis, but we must lead. I chose to colead this bill because it  will help countless numbers of my constituents, and it is the right  thing to do. But I have to applaud the efforts of my dear friend    David Trone and all the members of the Freshmen Working Group on  Addiction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Again, I  don't think I can say this any stronger: This bill is for Trey and Ian,  and this bill is for all those affected by the overdoses, the awfulness  that happens within each family.   