 Reserving the right to object, Mr. President. First of  all, I want to say to my colleague from Missouri that I certainly share  and I think every Senator in this Chamber shares his concern for people  who are hurting because of this COVID pandemic. Businesses have closed.  People are on unemployment. People are in need through no fault of  their own.   This is an act of God, and that is one of the reasons why I certainly  supported the CARES Act. That was over $2 trillion. In total, this body  has passed well over $3 trillion, 15 percent to 16 percent of last  year's GDP in terms of financial relief.   My comments here are really not directed specifically at the proposal  of the Senator from Missouri because he makes many good points. We do  have working men and women, we have households that--again, through no  fault of their own--are struggling, and we need to provide financial  support. I think my comments are, in some respect, more general from  the standpoint of how we have done that.   As I have explained to my colleagues in conference, by and large, the  initial need packages here were a shotgun approach. We had to move  fast. We had to do something big. We had to make sure that markets  wouldn't seize, that financial relief could be sent to people very  quickly, and so we passed over $3 trillion in financial relief. I knew  it would be far from perfect. It was far from perfect.   But now we have had a lot more time, and anything we consider for  this additional package that we are considering now that is being  debated, that is being discussed, that is being negotiated, ought to be  far more targeted.   One of the reasons we are currently $27.4 trillion in debt, which is  about 128 percent of last year's GDP--if we do this bipartisan deal,  another trillion dollars, we will be $28.4 trillion in debt in the next  3 or 4 months. That is 132 percent of GDP.   When I came to the Senate, we were a little over $14 trillion and our  GDP was over $15 trillion, and we were actually below 100 percent of  GDP.   I know I am using a lot of numbers right now, and I am going to use  more because that is part of the problem.   One of the reasons we are $27.4 trillion in debt is, we only speak  about need; we only talk in terms of compassion. We all have  compassion. We all want to fulfill those needs. We just don't talk in  numbers very often. We don't analyze the data. We don't take a look at  what we did in the past and see, did it work or didn't it work? What  was spent well? What was wasted?   So I didn't have enough time to do charts. It would be a little bit  easier. But let me go through numbers, and I will go through slowly so  that people can understand at least my perspective of why I am so  concerned about our Nation's debt and the fact that we are mortgaging  our children's future. I think we need to be very careful about  mortgaging it further when we aren't doing it in a targeted fashion   So, again, before the COVID recession hit, in December 2019, we hit a  record number of people employed in this country. There were 158.8  million people employed. That was a record. Our economy was humming.  Because of President Trump's administration, they put forward a  reasonable level of regulation and competitive taxes. That brought back  the entrepreneurial spirit that supercharged the economy. We were at  3.5 percent unemployment. When I took econ, 5 percent was considered  full employment. We were at 3.5 percent unemployment.   Then, COVID hit and, by April, we had gone from almost 159 million  people employed in this country to just a little over 133 million  people, so that was a reduction in employment of a little more than 25  million people--again, from 159 million to 133 million, 25 million  fewer people employed in this Nation.   Now, the good news: Even though the pandemic is still not over and  the vaccine is being delivered, and it is being administrated--I think  the end is in sight--we have already gained 16 million people employed,  so now employment stands at 149.7 million people; 150 million people  are employed--down about 9 million jobs--9 million.   I want you to keep those numbers in mind because they are important.  Our unemployment rate stands at 6.7 percent. By the way, the number of  people unemployed, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which  has a little bit different calculation, is about 10.7. So, in this,  somewhere between 9 million and 11 million people are currently  unemployed.   Now, in the CARES Act--again, which I supported because we had to  provide relief--we did provide economic impact payments, which Senator  Hawley wants to just duplicate--no changes, no modifications, no  further targeting. Those economic impact payments were about $275  billion to 166 million people. Remember, 25 million people lost their  jobs, but we sent our checks to 166 million people, averaging about  $1,673 per person. What may be a more relevant figure is how many  households we sent those checks to. We sent them out to about 115  million households at about $2,400 per household.   So, again, $275 billion to 115 million households--that was about 4.5  more households than the number of jobs lost. Today, with only 9  million jobs lost, not only--I mean, that is a big number, a big  number. I am not minimizing that. With 9 million jobs lost, if we just  repeat it--send out to another 115 million households--that is 12.6  times the number of jobs lost. And if we double it, it goes from $275  billion to $550 billion. That is half a trillion dollars.   I know a trillion doesn't sound like much anymore. It seems like  hundreds of billions seem more, but now that we are dealing in $1  trillion or $2 trillion, it is pocket change apparently.   I think it is important to ask: Well, how was that money spent? Did  it really--was it really spent on essentials? Was this money really  needed? Was there any hope, actually, of that money being stimulative  to our economy?   Well, we have one study from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.  They issued it on October 13 of 2020. What they did is, since 2013,  they have been sending out in the internet a national survey to 1,300  households called the Survey of Consumer Expectations, and with COVID,  they decided to send out two special surveys--one in June and one in  August.   Here is what those survey results said. Of the $2,400 per household  in the June survey, 18 percent of that $275 billion was spent on  essential items; 8 percent was spent on nonessential; 3 percent, on  donations, for a total of 29 percent spent. This is what they call the  marginal propensity to consume, 29 percent. Of the other 71 percent,  equally divided, 36 percent of that was saved, so our Nation's savings  rate increased, and 35 percent went to pay off debt--credit card debt.   They also asked the same question about what happened to the  unemployment payments. Very similar results: 24 percent of those  unemployment payments--the plus-up to $600 per week to stay on  unemployment benefits--24 percent was spent on essential consumption, 4  percent on nonessential, 1 percent on donations for, again, the same  percent: 29 percent was the marginal propensity to consume from the  unemployment payments; 71 percent, for savings and for debt repayment.   They also looked ahead, assuming that we are going to do another  round  [[Page S7685]]  of stimulus checks. This time they asked their respondents: How would  you spend $1,500 if you got a check? This time respondents said that  they would spend about 14 percent on essential consumption, 7 percent  on nonessential, 3 percent on donations, for a total of 24 percent that  would be the marginal propensity to consume--24 percent--and 76  percent, again, on savings and debt repayment.   So I don't think you can take a look at these direct payments to  individuals as stimulative. Obviously, 18 to 24 percent was spent on  essential items. We ought to figure out how to provide that money so  that people can spend it on essentials. Again, that is only 18 to 24  percent maximum.   I do want to talk a little bit about past stimuli. I personally don't  believe they do much to stimulate the economy. I think the best way to  stimulate the economy is, again, what this administration has done:  Lower regulation to a reasonable level--nobody argues for no  regulation; we need a reasonable level--and have a competitive tax  system.   I fear, in the next administration, we may just repeat the mistakes  of the Obama-Biden administration, and here is the proof of their  mistakes. Again, remember those employment numbers: a record of about  159 million, currently 150 million people, being employed. Well, back  during the great recession, prior to that, we did have employment of  about 146 million people in January 2008. By December 2009, that had  dropped to 138 million people employed. But when President Obama took  office, he had total control of Congress--a filibuster-proof majority  here in the Senate--and, within a month, they enacted the American  Recovery and Reinvestment Act--$787 billion of proposed spending. In  February of 2009, there were 141.6 million Americans working--141.6-- and the unemployment rate was 8.3 percent. Again, it continued to dip  to December 2009 when it got down to 138 million. It took us 3 years  from February 2009 to get back to 141.6 million Americans working, and  that is with an $800 billion--roughly, $800 billion--stimulus package  that did not work, but it further mortgaged our children's future by  another $800 billion.   I wish these things worked. A quick aside: Part of that American  Recovery and Reinvestment Act--again, Democrats had total control, with  a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate. Do you know how much they  plussed-up State unemployment benefits to help the unemployed, those  8.3 percent of Americans? They plussed it up by a whopping $25 per  week, and now they are arguing that $300 per week, which I believe is  the current proposal, isn't enough. It kind of makes you wonder,  doesn't it?    So, in summary, kind of reviewing these numbers, we currently are at  6.7 percent unemployment. I don't recall ever, in U.S. history, when we  have even begun to think that we should even spend $100 billion to  stimulate an economy at 6.7 percent unemployment.   But this is different. We have underemployed; we have families in  need. There is no doubt about it. I completely support some kind of  program targeted for small businesses so they can reemploy and so they  can reopen to restore capital. Their life savings have been wiped out.  I have proposals. They have been ignored.   So what I fear we are going to do with this bipartisan package and  what the Senator from Missouri is talking about is the same thing--a  shotgun approach. We will not have learned the lessons from our very  hurried, very rushed, very massive earlier relief packages. We will  just do more of the same--another trillion dollars. It takes our debt  from $27.4 trillion to $28.4 trillion in a couple of months with doing  virtually no revisions, no improvements and, similar to what the  Senator from Missouri is talking about in terms of these economic  impact payments, no revisions at all--just spend another $275 billion  and send it out to 115 million households when we are currently at  about 9 million fewer jobs than we were in a record economy before the  COVID recession.   So, for all those reasons, I not only object to what Senator Hawley  is proposing here, but I am certainly lodging my objection to what is  barreling through--the train has left the station--on the package being  negotiated right now that is way too big, that authorizes more money,  even though we have $600 billion there just for repurposing, no new  authorization required. There are 52 Republicans who supported it, but  that is not good enough. We have to throw another $300 to $400 billion  on top, which is $300 to $400 billion more that we are mortgaging our  children's future without reforms and without targeting. So I object.    Reserving the right to object, the Senator from Vermont  made a couple of statements that I would just like to repeat the words:  that we are in a crisis; this is an emergency; we can't turn our backs  on the suffering.   I agree. I have agreed for months. But he also said something that is  completely incorrect. You might call it a lie. He said that Republicans  have done nothing. That is not true.   I was on daily calls during the August recess after we had attempted  and were debating internally a trillion-dollar package at the tail end  of July before the August recess, recognizing--and I was one of the  ones pointing out--the fact that we had already passed, as the good  Senator from Vermont said, over $3 trillion in four different COVID  relief financial packages early in the pandemic. At that point in time,  there was $1.2 trillion of that unspent. A big chunk of that wasn't  even obligated. Today, as we stand here debating this now, we still  have a little under $600 billion unspent and unobligated.   So the point I was making to my Republican colleagues during those  last few weeks in July and those conference calls in August was, before  we authorize any more money, before we further mortgage our children's  future, why don't we first repurpose and redirect what we already  passed because what we passed, we passed very quickly because we had  to. We had to do something massively, and we did something massively so  that markets wouldn't seize, so that the people--the individuals who  were out of work through no fault of their own and the businesses that  were shut down through no fault of their own could get financial  relief.   So we came together unanimously, and we did that, but doing it fast,  doing it massively--I certainly knew it was going to be far from  perfect. We found out the Federal Government actually has a hard time  spending $3 trillion because, over the course of a number of months,  they didn't spend it all. They couldn't even obligate it.   So what Republicans did during the August recess--because we couldn't  come to an agreement by the end of July--was we worked long and hard on  a targeted bill, more than $600 billion, $300-plus of it for people on  unemployment, $260 billion for small businesses, $100 billion for  education, and tens of billions of dollars for vaccines and testing and  agriculture and childcare. We offered that on the floor, and 52  Republicans voted to proceed to that bill. Democrats just said no.   I felt it was a crisis, an emergency, and we shouldn't have been  turning our backs on these people who are suffering in September.  Democrats said no. All they had to do was say yes. They couldn't take  yes for an answer.   Madam President, I often use this analogy: I go up to you, because I  know you are a generous person, and say: Madam President, give me 200  bucks. And you kind of look at me with a little shock and say: Well, I  won't give you 200, but I will give you 100. Then I go stomping off and  say: No; it is $200 or nothing.   That is what the Democrats did to over $600 billion in needed and  necessary relief for the crisis, for the emergency, for the people we  don't want to turn our backs on because they are suffering. If they  were really serious and they actually wanted a result, if they wanted  to relieve the suffering, wouldn't the logical thing have been to say  yes, take $600 billion, pocket it, get that relief flowing in  September, and then come back and argue for more? But they said no.  They were cynical. They played politics with it. And that is what they  are doing here today.   I am sure, to paraphrase a widely known saying, that the road to  total national bankruptcy is paved with good intentions. I am sure that  is true. I don't question the good intentions of any Member of this  body. We all want to provide the relief. We all want to relieve  suffering. We all want to help fellow Americans who are hurting through  no fault of their own.   But we talk about suffering. We use words. We don't look at numbers  very often. The Senator from Vermont has offered a few numbers, but let  me quote a couple. Let me just kind of lay it out. I didn't have enough  time to do a chart, so I will try and go through this slowly, but I  think it is important to put this all in perspective.   Prior to the COVID recession, we had a record number of Americans  employed at the end of December 2019. Just under 159 million Americans  were employed. By April, 2 months into the pandemic, 3 months into the  pandemic, employment had dropped to 133 million. That is a loss of over  25 million jobs--25 million--which is why we acted, why we acted in a  bipartisan fashion to provide relief for those people--25 million--who  had lost their jobs.   Now, the good news: It is hard to keep the American economy down when  you don't overtax, when you don't overregulate. So in November--the  latest figures we have--there are now just shy of 150 million Americans  employed again. I realize some are underemployed, but still you have  150 million Americans employed--down about 9 million jobs from that  record high when unemployment was only 3.5 percent. We had a record  economy because we stopped overregulating and we had a competitive tax  system. Now the unemployment rate is 6.7 percent.   In the CARES Act, which I supported because I want to help people,  part of that was the economic impact payments--basically what the  Senator from Vermont is proposing here in this bill he wants to pass by  unanimous consent. It spent $274 billion. It was paid to just under 166  million Americans, for an average check of about $1,673 per person.   You can break that down into households because, according to the  Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the average check per household was  $2,400. That is 115 million households that got a check--115 million.  Now, remember, at the low point, 25 million Americans had lost their  jobs. We sent checks to 115 million households--4\1/2\ times the number  of people who had lost their jobs.   My problem with the CARES Act, with the first four packages, is it  was a shotgun approach. We just spent money. We just opened up the  spigot, and we just sent it all over the place. We didn't have time to  target it to those who really needed it. As a result--and we are seeing  today--businesses that needed it, business owners, small business  owners, have been wiped out of their life savings. They didn't get  relief.   It wasn't well designed. It wasn't well targeted. And we probably  spent hundreds of billions of dollars and sent it to people who didn't  need it.   We are $27.4 trillion in debt today. That is 128 percent of the size  of last year's economy. If this bipartisan deal goes through, about $1  trillion, we will be at $28.4 trillion in debt--132 percent of our GDP.  [[Page S7699]]    I remember the good old days when I first got here. I ran because we  were mortgaging our kids' future. We were a little over $14 trillion in  debt, and when the economy was over $15 trillion, we were under 100  percent debt-to-GDP ratio.   What the Senator from Vermont is proposing is basically duplicating,  without any reforms that I know of, those economic impact payments from  the CARES Act, another $275 billion, for a total of $550 billion--a  half a trillion dollars sent out again to 115 million households when  right now we have only--not ``only,'' this is tragic. Every job lost is  a tragedy. But we have 9 million jobs less than we had when we had a  record level of employment before the recession--9 million jobs lost,  115 million households. That is 12.6 times the number of jobs that have  been lost.   I think the question needs to be, if we are going do this again, is  there any sense, any information in terms of how the $275 billion is  spent? Well, we have an answer from the Federal Reserve Bank of New  York. They do a monthly internet-based survey called the Survey of  Consumer Expectation. They did two special surveys, one in June and one  in August. The June survey took a look at how those households spent  the $2,400 checks. Here are the results: 18 percent of those checks  were spent on essential consumption--essential; 8 percent was on  nonessential, the fun stuff, I guess; 3 percent on donations--Americans  are still generous--for a total of 29 percent spent on consumption. The  marginal propensity to consume was 29 percent. For the remainder, 71  percent, half of it was put to savings--spent on increasing savings-- and the other half was paying off debt.   They also studied how the unemployment plus-up was spent. It had  pretty similar results: 24 percent of those dollars went for essential  consumer goods; 4 percent, non-essential; 1 percent, donations. Again,  a total of 29 percent was consumed; 71 percent was either saved or used  for debt reduction.   They did another special survey in August, asking those same 1,300  households that they surveyed: How would you spend a $1,500 check? Not  $2,400--$1,500. The response was that 14 percent would be spent on  essential items, 7 percent on nonessential, 3 percent on donations. But  only 24 percent of a new check would actually be spent on consumption;  76 percent would either be saved or pay off debt.   That is not very good economic stimulus. Again, the numbers are  without any reforms, without trying to target the dollars to people who  really need it. I would want to do that. I would like to work with  anybody to try and get that relief flowing as quickly as possible to  get it to the individuals who need it. I am sure the need is still  great. It is greater than 9 million. I understand that. But let's look  at some figures.   I do want to point out a past stimulus in terms of its effectiveness.  In 2009, we had the great recession. Let me quote some employment  figures from that.   In January 2008, we had 146 million Americans employed. Remember,  today we have 149 million. Our record was 159 million, but there were  about 146 million before the great recession.   By December 2009, it had dropped, hit the low point of 138 million  people working; 8 million people had lost their jobs.   In January, 2009, President Obama was inaugurated, had total control  of government, a filibuster-proof Senate, control of the House. He  could pass anything he wanted, and they did. They passed the $787  billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. They did that  in February 2009. At that point, there were 141.6 million Americans  working--141.6 million Americans. The unemployment rate was 8.3  percent. Again, throughout 2009, that stimulus didn't work too well  because unemployment fell to 138 million Americans. It took 3 years--3  years--until January 2012, because of overregulation and overtaxation,  to return to February 2009 levels of 141.6 million Americans working--3  years. That is what we call a slow, nonexistent recovery.   Oh, a quick aside: The Senator from Vermont is talking about how we  need the $600 plus-up for the unemployed because they are suffering.  President Obama, with Speaker Pelosi and Majority Leader Reid, with a  filibuster-proof Senate--they provided a $25-per-week plus-up to State  unemployment when they had total control. Now they are demanding $600.  I know that is not part of what the Senator from Vermont is asking for  in terms of a unanimous consent request. I thought it was just somewhat  noteworthy.   Again, I am not heartless. I want to help people. I voted to help  people. I voted for the $2.2 trillion CARES Act, but I also am  concerned about our children's future and the fact that we are  mortgaging it. We do not have an unlimited checking account. We have to  be concerned about these things.   My complaint about the Senator from Vermont's bill--and, quite  honestly, the bipartisan effort--we have $600 billion unspent,  unobligated. Let's work long and hard. Let's look at economic data.  Let's target it properly. Let's not just shotgun it out to the economy  again, wasting tens, if not hundreds of billions of dollars. Let's  focus on that. Let's pretend it is like real money--like it is our  money--and spend it well. We don't need to mortgage our children's  future by another $300 or $400 billion. We don't need to do that.   We can alleviate suffering. We can help our fellow Americans. We  could have done it in September, but the good Senator from Vermont and  all of his colleagues on the Democratic side simply won't take yes for  an answer, and my guess is, they are taking that same stance today. So,  Madam President, I object.   