 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation  to provide a critical source of aid to small businesses and nonprofits  during the COVID-19 pandemic. While the Paycheck Protection Program was  established as an eight-week program, it was clear from the start that  the economic impact of the pandemic would last far longer. I am proud  that the House addressed this issue by expanding the covered period to  24 weeks in the Heroes Act earlier this month, and I am glad this bill  also includes a 24-week extension. The extended timeline will give  borrowers the flexibility to spread out the loan proceeds over the full  course of the crisis, and in a manner that is best for their small  business or nonprofit.   The legislation also takes action to change the harmful ``75/25''  percent rule that the Small Business Administration established to  limit the use of Paycheck Protection Program loan proceeds for  nonpayroll expenses to 25 percent. While increasing the current  limitation on the use of loan proceeds for nonpayroll expenses from 25  percent to 40 percent will allow many small businesses to apply for the  program, I am disappointed that this legislation falls short of the  Heroes Act and fails to eliminate the rule. Congress intended for the  Paycheck Protection Program to be a critical resource for all small  businesses impacted by the pandemic. We must make sure that the program  will be there and workable for microbusinesses in high rent areas like  New York City. Microbusinesses--such as ``mom and pop'' shops and  corner stores--are the lifeblood of our communities. I will continue  working to ensure that the small business assistance programs created  in the CARES Act are accessible and viable for the most vulnerable  small businesses.   I am also disappointed that this legislation was amended to remove  language to retroactively establish a five-year minimum maturity on  Paycheck Protection Program loans for amounts not forgiven. While the  CARES Act allowed a maximum maturity of up to ten years from when the  borrower applied for the loan, the Small Business Administration  limited the minimum maturity of the loans to two years just hours  before financial institutions began accepting Paycheck Protection  Program loans. To address this issue, the Heroes Act established a  minimum maturity on PPP loans of five years to enable borrowers to  amortize loans over a longer period of time, decreasing their monthly  payments on any portion that is not forgiven. While this legislation  also establishes a five-year minimum maturity on Paycheck Protection  Program loans, it fails to make the change retroactive for the millions  that have already received their loans. I will continue to call for the  minimum maturity on Paycheck Protection Program loans to be extended  for all Paycheck Protection Program borrowers.    Madam Speaker, pursuant to clause 1 of rule XXII, and by  direction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I offer a motion on the  bill (H.R. 6172) to amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of  1978 to prohibit the production of certain business records, and for  other purposes.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, for purposes of debate only, I yield 30  minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Jordan), and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, bills like the USA Freedom Reauthorization Act touch  deeply held beliefs on all sides.   The bill we intended to consider last night strengthened privacy  protections and made substantial improvements to the law. The bill, as  amended by the Senate, is a good and important package of reforms.   Now, you may disagree with that assessment, you may genuinely believe  that the bill doesn't go far enough to reform the FISA system or  perhaps that it goes too far with those reforms. If you disagree with  me on the merits of the bill, I respect that disagreement.   What I cannot accept, and what I suspect many Americans will not  accept, is a transparent, inexplicable, totally unjustified flip-flop  on this bill, a bill important both to the security and the privacy of  the United States.   Just a few weeks ago, 126 Republicans joined 152 Democrats in support  of a nearly identical measure, different only in that the Senate has  added one amendment, a good amendment with almost universal support.  Virtually all of those 126 Republicans changed their position in the  past 24 hours.   Madam Speaker, the American people see through those excuses. Nobody  believes that this sudden reversal has anything to do with complaints  about proxy voting. Nobody believes that the flip-flop is about Michael  Flynn or Roger Stone, or even President Trump, whose cases have nothing  to do with the authorities we hope to reform.   There have been no real policy demands to explain the sudden  reversal, no demands for changes in the bill. If my Republican  colleagues had asked for substantive changes to the bill, we would have  heard them out and tried to address their concerns.   But that is not what happened. The Republicans abandoned this  bipartisan project for one reason, and one reason only: the President  tweeted, on a whim, and told them to oppose this bill.   Madam Speaker, this is just one more example of how the President and  his enablers in this body have stood in the way of national security,  of civil liberties, and of our responsibility as Members of Congress.   I refuse to let our efforts to reform FISA die simply because  Republicans are unwilling to stand up to the President's whims.   This legislation ends the NSA's call detail records program; it  applies the cutting edge of Fourth Amendment privacy protections to  section 215; it forces the government to disclose years of secret FISA  court opinions; it increases transparency across the board; it raises  the stakes for any government attorney who would dare mislead the  court; and it dramatically expands the role of the amicus to be an  advocate for privacy and civil liberties and to push back against  claims that should have been rejected by the court long ago.   It is our responsibility to continue our work, to pass this bill, to  send it to the President's desk, and to ensure that these reforms are  made law.   None of us should rest until we have done that work.   I would be very interested to hear what changed in the bill between  yesterday morning and yesterday evening that caused the Republicans to  withdraw their support from a bill they had agreed to, from provisions  they said were improvements to national security, from provisions they  said were improvements to civil liberties of American citizens, and  suddenly all oppose it. What changed, other than the President's tweet?   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this motion and send  the bill to conference where we can do the job we were sent here to do.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am glad the gentleman learned all this  since noon yesterday when he testified in front of the Rules Committee  in favor of this bill.   I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland  (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader.    Madam Speaker, let me just say, first of all, of course,  much of what the distinguished gentleman from Ohio said is fiction, as  we all know.   But, second of all, this bill as of yesterday noon was supported by  Republicans and was supported by the gentleman from Ohio as making  sufficient reforms, as making the reforms that we all recognize we need  in the FISA system.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), who is the distinguished majority leader.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I listened to the distinguished gentleman a moment  ago: We shouldn't pass any legislation that the President won't sign.   The King of England used to have the royal prerogative, an absolute  veto. The President of the United States does not.   This House and the Senate should do its job and pass proper  legislation, and let the President do his job. We had two-thirds of the  votes in this House for this bill.   Yes, the gentleman from Ohio mentions the Lofgren-Davidson amendment.  I support that amendment. If we had gone forward, we could have gone  with it. But the fact of the matter is, they have withdrawn their  support because of the President's tweet, and for no other reason, we  are where we are now.   To preserve the ability to have the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act and preserve national security as well as the improvements in the  act embodied in this bill and in the Senate version of the bill that  improves security while improving privacy protections against  surveillance, we must approve this motion to go to conference.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I repeat what I said before. We have a choice. The  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, as everybody agrees, is not in  good shape. FISA is necessary to preserve the security of the United  States. I think everyone agrees with that. But we need improvements to  FISA to make sure that while we protect the security of the United  States against foreign aggression and foreign subversion, such as the  Russian attempt to subvert our elections 4 years ago, we also must  improve FISA to provide greater protections against unwarranted  surveillance and provide greater protections for American civil  liberties and privacy.   This bill does that. It may not do it as much as some people want,  but it goes a heck of a lot further than what we have now. This bill  must be passed if we are going to have the protections of civil  liberties that we want.   Madam Speaker, this bill is a decent balance. I urge its adoption. To  do that, we have to go to conference. I urge the adoption of the motion  to go to conference, and I yield back the balance of my time.   