 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. I thank my  colleague from Kansas for his excellent support and work on this bill,  as well.   People often ask me when I go home to western Pennsylvania whether we  ever knock off all the fighting down here and do some actual work and  work across the aisle between Congress and the White House to actually  get things done. What you are seeing here in this Chamber today is an  example of the fact that there are many of us down here who are very  serious about making that happen and making it happen more often as we  go forward.   The FREED Act responded to a very specific set of circumstances,  which is that it has long been true that, if you are a 100 percent  disabled veteran, you have your Federal student loans forgiven. But we  all know there is a big difference between putting something  [[Page H1577]]  down on paper and making it happen in real life, and we were seeing  huge numbers of disabled veterans not take advantage of this program  either because they didn't know about it or because the process of  applying for it was just too burdensome, there was too much paperwork,  or it took too long.   If you have a 100 percent disability rating, there is a lot in your  life you have to worry about besides doing paperwork; so Congressman  Watkins, Congressman Fitzpatrick and another great western  Pennsylvanian, Congressman Guy Reschenthaler, and I were all looking at  the same set of facts and said: We know what we need to do here. We  already know these people have a 100 percent disability rating. Let's  just make the loan forgiveness automatic. That was the genesis for this  bill.    I want to acknowledge that the administration and President Trump did  the right thing here. They noticed this same problem last year, and  they began to automatically forgive these loans by executive order. The  problem was that there was some legal uncertainty about exactly who had  the authority to forgive the loans how fast and when.   Our understanding is that some disputes developed between OMB and the  Department of Education, and it was slowing down the ability of  veterans to take advantage of this thing that they are already entitled  to by virtue of how much they have given to this country. So our bill  was necessary to make sure that everybody involved knew they have the  legal authority to forgive these loans.   By this time next year, assuming we are able to get this through the  Senate and to the President's desk for his signature, that number you  heard from Congressman Courtney of 25,000 veterans whose loans are in  default and an even higher number of tens of thousands more who haven't  taken advantage of that should be zero.   We are making an unequivocal statement today that, if you have given  so much to this country that you have a 100 percent disability rating,  you do not need to worry about your Federal student loans any longer.   It is our job to remove obstacles from the paths of people who have  given so much to this country. We all believe that there is much to be  done on the subject of student loans, but what we want to make sure is  that these brave Americans are first in line when we do that, and that  is what our bill does.   It is very common in America these days to hear people spot a veteran  and say, ``Thank you for your service.'' I think the important thing  about this bill is that it is Republicans and Democrats, Congress and  the President all working together to say, ``Thank you for your  service''--not only in words, but in actions. That is what this bill  means.   I am so grateful to have had the support of so many hardworking  Members who look forward to seeing this bill pass today, and I urge all  my colleagues to support it.   