 Madam Speaker, the Bible tells us: ``Raise up a child in  the way they should go, and they will not depart from it.''   As a parent, I have sometimes, if not always, reflected that that  seems to be the case. But it surely is the case that we need to provide  our families and our children with safe and positive places so that we  can raise them up in the way they should go.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the bills on the floor  today to protect childcare workers from losing their jobs and to help  more families afford the cost of childcare. They build on provisions  that we had in the HEROES Act.   First, the Child Care Is Essential Act would create a $50 billion  childcare stabilization fund to keep childcare providers from going out  of business.   I want to thank Chairwoman DeLauro of the Subcommittee on Labor,  Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, as well as  Chairman  Bobby Scott of the Education and Labor Committee.   Secondly, the Child Care for Economic Recovery Act takes a long-term  approach by improving infrastructure and designating childcare  providers as essential and providing tax credits to help more families  qualify for and afford safe and accessible childcare.   I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey of the Appropriations Committee and  my dear friend Chairman Neal, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee,  for sponsoring this legislation.   As noted yesterday, in an editorial by The Washington Post: ``The  childcare industry is collapsing under pandemic-inflicted financial  pressure.'' They went on to say: ``Without swift action from Congress,  childcare centers are at risk of permanent closures that could severely  undermine the country's economic recovery.''   Madam Speaker, I am the father of three daughters and a granddaughter  who has four children, my four great-grandchildren. She is fortunate  that she is able to stay home with those children. Three of them are in  school.   I have two other daughters who are now older, and their children are  older. But when they had children at a young age, childcare was  critical and very difficult to obtain and very expensive. Dad and mom  helped out. But there are so many millions who don't have a dad or mom  or a grandfather or grandmother to help out. And when we don't help  them, the cost is to everybody.   Governor Agnew was elected Governor the same year I was elected in  the State of Maryland. I remember a line from his inaugural address:  ``The cost of failure far exceeds the price of progress.'' Failure to  bring up these children in the way they should go and have them in safe  childcare settings will result in a cost far higher than providing that  service.   If the Congress fails to take actions like those, like the House is  taking today, we risk our economic recovery by forcing parents to drop  out of the workforce or lose work hours due to the demands of dependent  care. It would place a substantial burden on working families with  young children or elderly parents to care for, and it would  disproportionately hurt minority workers and their families because, as  The Washington Post editorial further pointed out, minority parents  ``are more likely than White parents to experience job disruptions due  to childcare.''   That is not good for them; it is not good for their children.   Madam Speaker, it is not good for America.   House Democrats are determined to help families get through this  public health and economic crisis, but we must have a longer vision, as  Chairman Neal pointed out, because it is not just  [[Page H3920]]  the pandemic that caused this problem. It has been a problem that has  been with us for a long period of time.   We refuse to do what some have suggested, again and again, for the  past decade, which is to tell the American people: You are on your own.   ``You are on your own'' is not a moral stance. It is not. Am I my  brother's keeper? The answer to that is yes, I am my brother's keeper  because I want my brother healthy; I want my brother educated; and I  want my brother well-housed. Why? Because my brother affects my life  and my children's lives and my grandchildren's lives and my great- grandchildren's lives.   If you are going to make America great, you need to make all our  people great. So, I am here in support of this legislation. It is  critical legislation for our country--yes, for the children, yes, for  the families, but for our country.   I hope all of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, will join us  in passing these bills. Let's do that today to keep childcare providers  open, expand the availability of childcare for working families, and  help workers return to their jobs when it is safe to do so.   Vote ``yes'' for America's families and for America.   