 Madam Speaker, during the President's upcoming State of  the Union Address, he has the opportunity to deliver a strong message  of unity, peace, and hope to all of those who tune in, both Americans  and all who are watching abroad.   Just in the last few months, we have seen that America is the beacon  of hope for the people of Hong Kong and Taipei, who are suffering under  pressure from Beijing. We have seen that America is the lifeline for  people in Beirut and Tehran who find themselves under the thumb of the  Iranian regime.   This is a critical moment in world history. People are looking to the  United States and our President for leadership more than ever.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the majority party to refrain  the impeachment antics and charades. Don't be petty. Rise above your  worst impulses and support our President. The world is watching.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his tireless efforts on behalf of the unborn.   Mr. Speaker, although the ruling in Roe v. Wade significantly altered  the fabric of our Nation, Hoosiers will never stop marching in defense  of the fundamental right to life.   In my corner of the State of Indiana in the northeast corner of the  State, we have one of the most active and robust pro-life organizations  in the country, the Allen County Right To Life.   Mr. Speaker, the Allen County Right To Life works every day to  advance the cause of life at our State house in Indianapolis and the  courts and in our own community. I am excited to share today that they  will soon be incorporating the counties of Adams, DeKalb, LaGrange,  Noble, Steuben, and Wells Counties to join forces under the name Right  to Life of Northeast Indiana.   Indiana is now considered the sixth pro-life State in the country.  The remarkable progress in Indiana over these last 4 decades would not  have been possible without the steadfast support of this organization  and pro-life champions like Cathie Humbarger.   Mr. Speaker, each year the Allen County Right To Life leads an annual  bus trip to Washington for the National March for Life, and this year  they will be descending on our Nation's capitol with a record-breaking  650 pro-life students and advocates from northeast Indiana, and I could  not be prouder.   Mr. Speaker, this incredible organization is also expecting a record- breaking 2,500 Hoosiers at the 2020 Northeast Indiana March for Life in  Fort Wayne this coming Saturday. And I will be marching alongside those  2,500 Hoosiers back home in Fort Wayne to honor those of whom never had  the chance to march for themselves.   I believe that all life is sacred, and I ask that all Americans  wherever you are in the country to join me in marching to reaffirm this  principle.   