 Mr. President.    Thank you, Mr. President.   Do you know what the American people are thinking right now? They are  thinking that the brain is an amazing organ. It starts working in a  mother's womb, and it doesn't stop working until you get elected to  Congress.   Do you know what the American people are thinking right now? They are  thinking that this country was founded by geniuses, but it is being run  by a bunch of idiots.   Do you know what the American people are thinking right now? They are  thinking, Why do the Members of the U.S. Senate continue to double down  on stupid? This is not a Republican bill, Mr. Chairman; this is a  bipartisan bill. We have spent hours and hours and hours negotiating  these provisions with our Democratic friends.   This is not a slush fund. This a bill to help people and businesses  in America. This bill is going to increase unemployment insurance. This  bill is going to send $1,200 to every man and woman in America-- taxpayers who make less than $75,000 a year--and $500 for each of their  children.   This bill is going to help every small business in this country. It  is not a bailout. It provides up to $350 billion for small businesses  for the next 8 weeks to keep them going, and if they don't lay anybody  off, the bill provides that the loans are forgiven.   We have some businesses in this country that are bigger than 500  employees. This bill has a provision to help them, too, as well. In the  America I was raised in, growing your business and becoming as large as  possible was something we aspired to.   This bill does not create a slush fund for the Treasury Secretary. It  provides $75 billion to help some of our industries hardest hit in a  collateralized loan, not a bailout, and then provides another $425  billion to the Federal Reserve under section 13(3) of the Federal  Reserve Act, which the Federal Reserve will make available to all  businesses, including those that don't qualify as a small business. It  is not a gift. We can negotiate warrants; we can negotiate stock  options; we can take a piece of their company in stock.   I don't understand it. I get politics; I have been around it my whole  life. But there comes a time when we have to stop thinking about the  next election and start thinking about the next generation.   What are we going to leave to our children if we allow this economy  to crash? And it is happening as we speak. I mean no ill will toward my  Democratic friends. I like and respect every one of them. But let's  pass this bill.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   