 Madam President, I come to the floor as the Democrats  seem to be in complete disarray with the voting right now that is  underway in New Hampshire. For all of their anger and for all of their  outrage, they have failed to tap into all of the great things that I  and the people of Wyoming see happening all across America. The  Democratic primary voters in New Hampshire seem to be on the verge of  nominating a Socialist for President of the United States. Any way you  look at it, we have a strong, healthy, and growing economy, and a  Socialist is now the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination for  President.   Socialist policies would bankrupt our country. What is the Democrats'  top priority? It seems to be a complete government takeover of  healthcare in America. That means, for the 180 million Americans who  get their health insurance through their jobs, each and every one of  them would lose it. Also, to pay for it, taxes would go up. They would  go up significantly. This would be a crushing blow to the economy.   The Democratic Party's sharp left turn has President Clinton's long- term strategist James Carville ``scared to death.''   On Friday, James Carville said: ``We have candidates . . . talking  about open borders.''   He said: ``They're talking about doing away with nuclear energy and  fracking.''   Then he added: ``You've got Bernie Sanders talking about letting  criminals and terrorists vote from jail cells.''   During Friday's debate in New Hampshire--the one that was nationally  broadcast--there was hardly a positive word from the Democrats about  our country. Our booming economy continues to create jobs at a record  pace--millions of jobs. In the last month alone, there were 225,000 new  jobs. We have a 50-year low in unemployment in our country right now.  It is a historical number. We have created opportunity for all  Americans. Everyone is better off. Middle-class wages and blue-collar  wages are way up. We have a middle-class and a blue-collar boom in this  country. Americans realize it, and they have high hopes for the future.   Still, the 2020 Democrats seem to have nothing positive to say about  our economy and our country--no positive ideas, no positive vision, no  positive agenda for the American people. Clearly, when I listen to  them, it is all about grandstanding, not about governing.   The Republicans, however, have a results-driven agenda. The economic  renaissance that we are seeing is a direct result of Republican pro- growth policies. Tax and regulatory relief is what has mattered to this  economy. Energy independence is what has mattered to this economy. Pro- worker and pro-farmer trade deals are what have made a difference for  this economy. We remain focused on priority issues, like lowering the  cost of healthcare, lowering the cost of prescription drugs, securing  our border, and building and rebuilding our aging roads and bridges.   As the President said just last Tuesday night during the State of the  Union Address, ``The best is yet to come.''   I yield the floor.   