 Mr. Speaker, Americans' health and American jobs are being  attacked by an invisible virus, and this House is called upon to  respond today. Americans need our help.   I have heard countless stories of people struggling. I spoke to a  young woman from Kenosha worried about losing her job and caring for  her young children. I listened to a doctor from Janesville who  desperately needs protective masks.   America is fighting a war on two fronts: a public health crisis and  an economic crisis.   While far from perfect, the CARES Act provides needed relief: free  testing, supplies for hospitals, protection of workers' paychecks, and  assistance to those who have lost their jobs.   At times, this bill does leave much to be desired. There is  unnecessary spending, including $25 million for a Washington, D.C.,  theater.   However, the Senate did its job. President Trump continues to do his  job. Now the House must do ours. We cannot let the perfect be the enemy  of the good.    Mr. Speaker, Americans' health and American jobs are being  attacked by an invisible virus.   And this House is called to respond.   Families and workers across the nation desperately need our help. And  they need it now.   Every American has to pay rent, pay their mortgage, and buy  groceries.   Over the past week, I've heard stories of people struggling. A young  mother concerned about losing her job while caring for her kids. A  small gym owner concerned that she will have to lay off her eight  employees. And a doctor concerned about the coming weeks and lack of  space, supplies, and ventilators for patients.   America is fighting on two fronts--a public health crisis and an  economic crisis. On one side, we have a public health crisis. Our  nurses, doctors, and health professionals are on the front lines of  this pandemic. Their work is keeping thousands of Americans safe,  healthy, and alive. And on the other, we have the crippling economic  impacts. Businesses are shuttered and record numbers are becoming  unemployed. Families need relief now.   While far from perfect, the CARES Act provides relief. We are  ensuring that coronavirus testing is free and accessible for everyone.  We are giving doctors, nurses, and hospitals supplies needed to keep  themselves and their patients safe. We are protecting the paychecks of  people working at places like restaurants and hotels. We are supporting  states' efforts to address the pandemic. We are providing assistance to  workers who lose their jobs due to the corona virus crisis.   Importantly, this bill continues to fix past mistakes made by this  House. The CARES Act includes yet another fix to the poorly drafted  Medicaid language included in the original version of the second corona  virus emergency response legislation. It is vital that we get this  language right so states like Wisconsin have the dollars we need to  ensure health care is available to our most vulnerable populations.   At times, this bill leaves much to be desired. I remain concerned  about unnecessary provisions included in the bill. This exacerbates  Congress' unnecessary spending habits, including $25 million for a  Washington, D.C. theater. I am disappointed that no amendments were  allowed to be added to this bill.   However, the Senate did its job. President Trump continues to do his.  Now, the House must do ours. We cannot let the perfect be the enemy of  the good.   