 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today on International Holocaust Remembrance Day,  the 75th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz concentration  camp, to honor the memories of the 6 million Jews and 5 million others  murdered during the Holocaust and to tell the world that we will never  forget. Today, we remember the lives lost during this incredibly dark  period in human history.   Jewish children of my generation grew up seeing the dark numbers  etched into the arms of friends, neighbors, and family. We heard the  stories directly from survivors about the families they loved and lost,  the unspeakable brutality they endured, and the freedom they felt so  lucky to have secured here in America.   But today's children are the last generation who will have the  opportunity to see and hear for themselves the stories of survivors. It  is, therefore, our responsibility to keep their voices alive, to tell  their stories, to be certain they know this history, and, most  importantly, to absorb the lessons of the Holocaust so we can prevent  future evil, inhumanity, and brutality.   Sadly, we know that, in the United States today, fewer people are  learning about the Holocaust. A Pew Research survey recently found that  only 38 percent of American teens knew that 6 million Jews were  murdered in the Holocaust.   At the same time that Holocaust education is declining, we see a  significant rise of neo-Nazi and white supremacist movements being  fueled by the ability to communicate online and a rise in anti-Semitic  attacks in the United States and around the world.   If there is anything we can do to honor the lives of those murdered  in the Shoah, it is to ensure that we don't allow time to erase their  stories, their memories.   We can't just look back. We must apply the lessons learned from the  Holocaust, as painful as they are, to fight against hatred, bigotry,  intolerance, and to remember the words of Dr. King: ``Injustice  anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.''   Our burden as policymakers is to make certain that we are engaged in  that fight against hatred, bigotry, and intolerance. I pray on this day  of remembrance that we honor those who suffered and died at the hands  of Nazi Germany by standing up to injustice wherever we see it.   I thank my colleagues for their support on this somber day, and I  urge Americans everywhere to never forget.   