 Madam Speaker, when I testified before the Rules  Committee on Monday, I called the bill before us today the 900-page  gorilla in the room. This is it right here. Bipartisan? It is about as  bipartisan as two wolves and a lamb discussing what to have for dinner.   Let me tell you, as I stand before you today, Madam Speaker, H.R.  4447, the Clean Economy Jobs and Innovation Act, has only picked up  speed as it charges dangerously toward passage.   Starting with the backroom process, 98 out of 176 submitted  amendments were made in order, and there seems to be no rhyme or reason  why. I personally submitted two that were ruled out of order. One was  on nuclear research--you want to talk about clean energy, green--one on  nuclear research and development, and one was a simple sense of  Congress to ensure the long-term stability of fossil fuels, the bedrock  of our Houston economy that the gentlewoman from Texas was just talking  about.  [[Page H4875]]    Yet my Democrat colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said  this bill is a simple marker meant to pass the House and meet the  Senate and their energy package at conference to iron out the details.  The problem with that is that they are ignoring the real bipartisan,  bicameral legislation that has already been ironed out.   Let's use it. That would be a new wrinkle in their thinking.   My nuclear R&D amendment, which won't even have a chance to be voted  on, is composed of language that has support in the Senate and closely  mirrors their Nuclear Energy Leadership Act, or NELA, a priority of  Senator Murkowski.   This just goes to show that today's bill and the rushed process  behind it is simply another messaging exercise, that the Democrats have  no intention of negotiating to the point of it actually being signed  into law.   There is a novel thought.   On top of the hasty procedure to rush through regular order, this  bill has been falsely labeled bipartisan, as our great friend from  Oklahoma said. I have listened to my Science Committee Democrat  colleagues boast that all of our relevant sections are bipartisan.  Really? Yet, Madam Speaker, they won't mention that 7 of the 17 bills  that are cosponsored by Republicans are not even on the Science  Committee.   When the Republican committee members who sat through hearings heard  from the stakeholders and tried to amend these bills decided to oppose  the legislation, the Democrats looked for any name with an ``R'' next  to it just to check the box of ``working together.''   Once again, I will say it. If my colleagues on the other side were  serious about ensuring that this bill is more than just an opportunity  for another sound bite, they would bring together the correct parties  to reach a consensus the President would actually sign into law.   Madam Speaker, I am disappointed in this wasted opportunity. The  United States has the ability to lead the world in technology. We have  the ability to lead the world in technological solutions, and we can  produce clean energy sources for the next generation, those jobs the  gentlewoman from Houston, Texas, was talking about. But, sadly, today's  bill misses that mark.   For that reason, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation.   