 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Biggs for organizing this  evening.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our men and women in law  enforcement and to call for the restoration of the rule of law in this  country.   Over the past several months, we have heard politicians, pundits, and  riot participants vilifying our Nation's law enforcement officers,  brave men and women who have sworn an oath to protect and serve their  communities.   We must remember that words have consequences, especially when those  words are uttered by Members in this Chamber.   The overwhelming majority of police officers are good people. These  men and women do the right job for the right reasons, and the people of  Virginia's Sixth District strongly support these brave men and women.  We have seen Back the Blue rallies spring up across the Commonwealth.   Following the ambush of two sheriff's deputies in L.A. County this  past weekend, I was moved to speak today to urge my colleagues to  recommit themselves to honoring those in blue.   According to the Officer Down Memorial Page, 193 members of law  enforcement have been killed this year in the line of duty, nearly 40  of whom were as a result of a gunshot wound.   These brave souls were moms, dads, brothers, sisters, husbands, and  wives, each with a story, and each laid down their life for their  fellow citizens. Their deaths bring no more holidays, no more  anniversaries, no more birthdays, simply no more days.   Regardless of race, gender, or creed, police officers are there in  times of crisis. They very literally answer the call and run toward the  sounds of danger while others run from them.   Too many have given their last full measure in the line of duty, only  to have their memory disgraced with calls to defund and dismantle our  police departments, which by doing so would destroy the peace in which  Americans are blessed to live.   Some in this Chamber have been actually pushing an antipolice agenda.   Mr. Speaker, I am tired of folks playing politics with people's  lives. Over the past few months, we have seen too much death, too much  destruction, and too much division. We must restore the rule of law in  this country, and we must get our country back on track.   