 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the amount of 1984-like doublespeak  that comes out of the other side never ceases to amaze, and I guess it  is becoming more and more extreme. The Republican leader calls his bill  bipartisan? I would remind the leader that ``bipartisan'' means two  parties, Democrats and Republicans. His bill is only a product of the  Republican side.   The Republican leader said Democrats are delaying things. Was it  Democrats who called for a pause? Was it Democrats who, when COVID was  raging, said we had to assess the situation? Oh, no, it was the  Republican leader who said those things. Meanwhile, Democrats in the  House, supported by Democrats in the Senate, have passed a strong  comprehensive bill. We have just been waiting and waiting for our  Republican friends to get their act together so they might come close-- even near to the moment that we need.   So, after taking a pause on COVID relief for 4 months, finally,  finally, finally, Senate Republicans are realizing the damage that  their delay has done to our economy and the Nation's health.   Yesterday, Leader McConnell announced that by the end of the week,  the Senate would vote on a new slimmed-down version of an already  skinny Republican bill. We know what happened here. The leader did  nothing for months, but the American people are demanding action.  Republican Governors, local officials, hospitals, small businesses-- everyone is demanding action. Restaurants, performance stages, and  places are demanding action not just of Democrats but of both sides of  the aisle.   So the leader had to do something. At first, he tried to cobble  together a legislative response, but it failed spectacularly. Leader  McConnell was unable to bring it even forward for a vote.  [[Page S5481]]  That happened a couple of weeks ago. So, now, because he can't get the  votes because, by his own admission, 20 of his own members want no  money voted in this crisis--how many Americans think there should be no  money at the height of the greatest economic crisis we have had since  the Depression, the height of the greatest health crisis we have had  since the Spanish pandemic flu? How many Americans think the Federal  Government should do nothing? But a large chunk of the Republican  caucus evidently seems to, by the Republican leader's own admission.   So he couldn't even get this $1 trillion bill passed. It was  pathetic. So, now, Republicans are going to cut their original  inadequate $1 trillion bill in half in a desperate attempt to find the  lowest common denominator among Republicans.   As the economic pain for millions of Americans advances, Senate  Republicans are actually moving backward. Of course, up until now, the  issue in our negotiations with the White House, where Leader McConnell  had been absent, has been about the size and scope of the next relief  bill. Democrats passed a $3 trillion bill in the House over 2 months  ago. Why? That is the need of America during this great crisis. We  didn't come up with just any numbers. We studied it carefully. We  talked to school administrators and asked: What do you need? We talked  to hospital administrators and asked: What do you need? We talked to  restaurants, and we talked to performance places and asked: What do you  need? And we came up with a carefully thought-out bill that met the  need.   Our Republican friends didn't meet the need. They came out with what  they call a skinny bill at $1 trillion. We all know why the rightwing  ideology that has so gripped so much of the Republican Party doesn't  want to spend any money. We, at least, in an offer to compromise,  offered to meet our Republican friends in the middle. They balked. No,  no, they didn't want to compromise. Their way or no way. And now,  instead of improving their offer, Senate Republicans have made it even  stingier and even less appropriate for the looming crisis that we have   I am not sure what kind of negotiating strategy that is, but it sure  isn't a serious strategy, and it sure will not be successful. That is  why I called it cynical yesterday.   COVID-19 has changed nearly every aspect of American life. The needs  in our country are so great. The pain felt by average Americans is  severe. Yet the new Republican proposal doesn't include food assistance  for people who can't feed their kids, rental assistance for people  being kicked out of their homes, or aid to State and local governments  desperate not to lay off busdrivers and sanitation workers and  firefighters.   In their new bill, Republicans will not even let the States use  existing funds to cover lost revenues. It leaves out important worker  protections. It leaves out hazard pay. It leaves out broadband so  desperately needed in rural areas. It leaves out funding for safe  elections and help for the census. It shortchanges our healthcare  system and education system.   As the school year begins across the country, the new ``emaciated''  Republican bill basically makes funding for schools contingent upon  reopening. So if you are a school that is struggling with the costs of  operating remotely, if you are a school that would like to reopen  safely but needs help instituting new standards and protections, the  GOP bill says ``tough luck.'' Donald Trump comes up with this idea that  all schools must reopen, and our Republican colleagues, in obeisance,  come up with a proposal that says to the millions of kids who will go  to school remotely or in hybrid situations: We are going to make it  much harder for you to get help.   That is to say nothing about the fact that the new Republican COVID  bill is ladened with poison pills designed to make its passage  impossible. Someone looking at this would say: If they want to come to  a compromise, why would they put poison pills in the bill that they  know are nonstarters to getting bipartisan compromise? Is it because  they really don't want a bill but a political issue--one that would  ultimately backfire on them, I believe. But they have done it.   There is broad corporate immunity that my colleague in Illinois has  so focused on--an immunity provision that would protect corporations  that put their workers in harm's way from legal liability. And  evidently to get a handful of hard-right Senators who didn't want to  spend any money, they added a partisan school choice program long  sought by Secretary DeVos--hardly a friend of public education.   Republicans call their new bill ``targeted,'' but by almost every  measure, it misses the mark. It is impossible to look at the new GOP  proposal as a serious effort to passing a law. It is impossible to look  at this GOP proposal and not wonder: Do our Republican friends see the  damage in America? Are they still intent on playing these same games?  Are they still trying to fool the American people by calling the  harshly partisan proposal bipartisan, as the leader just did?   If Republicans were serious about achieving a result, they would have  joined negotiations with Speaker Pelosi, me, and the White House. If  Leader McConnell was so eager to get something done, why wasn't he at  the table for weeks? Republicans could have encouraged the White House  to improve their offer, to meet us in the middle, to break the logjam.  Where were the Republican Senators? I haven't heard a voice speak out  and say we should meet in the middle. They are all so afraid of what  Donald Trump might say, I suppose.   Leader McConnell, instead, crafted a partisan bill--with no input  from Democrats--even leaner and meaner than the previous Republican  proposal and would rush it to the floor 2 days after releasing it. This  is one of the most cynical moves by any leader I have ever seen. This  isn't about making law or working in good faith with the other party.  Leader McConnell isn't searching for bipartisan progress. He seems to  be looking for political cover. It will not pass on Thursday, and we  will be right back where we are today, needing our Republican  colleagues to understand the gravity of this situation in our country  and to work with us on a bill that actually makes some sense and deals  with the magnitude of this awful crisis.    Mr. President, I am proud to support the resolution by  the Senator from Illinois, and we will hear from her shortly. I very  much appreciate her work.   Now, in his famous letter to Lydia Bixby, mother of five sons who all  died in the Civil War, President Lincoln prayed that our Heavenly  Father would assuage her grief, noting the ``solemn pride that must be  yours to have laid so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of Freedom.''   According to a recent report in the Atlantic, President Trump  complained about visiting a World War I military cemetery in France  because Americans who died there were ``suckers'' and ``losers.''   Over the past 4 years, President Trump has achieved some remarkable  lows in the annals of Presidential conduct and character, but every so  often we are jolted by the sheer depravity of his comments. This  President's insults about our fallen servicemembers and the nature of  military service in general fall into that category--the lowest of the  low.   There is no greater sacrifice an American can make than to lay down  their life for our country, no greater sorrow than the sorrow felt by  parents who bury their children wrapped in the American flag. Everyone  who has the privilege of working in public office knows this deep truth  in their bones but not the current President of the United States; not  President Trump; not this man who dodged the Vietnam war with bone  spurs; not this man who insulted Gold Star families, who looked at our  former colleague John McCain, a man who was tortured in a POW camp for  5 years, and said, ``I prefer people who weren't captured''; not this  President, who doesn't understand one iota of the word ``sacrifice''  and cannot even comprehend why someone might give themselves for a  larger cause.   According to these reports, when President Trump went to Arlington  National Cemetery, which included a visit to the grave of General  Kelly's son, he turned to him and said: I don't get it. What was in it  for them?   Everyone--everyone--ought to be appalled. What the Commander in Chief  says about our servicemembers and our veterans matters a great deal. It  affects the morale of our military, our standing on the world stage,  and it reveals the character of the man who has to make life-and-death  decisions involving our Armed Forces.   We have heard the President and his team try to deny that the  President ever made those comments. I mean, come on. The President is  on video saying nearly the same thing, out loud, on several occasions-- about one of our former colleagues, no less.   In a short time, Senator Duckworth will ask this Chamber to condemn  the President's remarks and reaffirm our Nation's steadfast and  unwavering commitment to the individuals serving in the U.S. armed  services. I want to thank the Senator from Illinois for leading this  resolution. More importantly, I want to thank her for her service, both  to the people of Illinois and to our country, as an Army aviation  officer.   I hope, I pray, I plead with our Republican friends not to block this  resolution. I am already disappointed at how few of them have spoken  out to criticize President Trump for his remarks. Are they really so  afraid to say anything against this President that they would give him  a pass when he disparages our own military? Will they really block a  resolution condemning the unequivocally disgusting comments, a  resolution that reaffirms our support for the military?   I certainly hope not. If you can't stand up and say the President was  wrong to say these things, then what can you criticize this President  or any President for? When comments like this are made about the  sacrifices of our Armed Forces, every single elected official should  understand instinctively that they are wrong, especially--especially-- when they come from the Commander in Chief. Let's have the entire  Senate--Democrats and Republicans--stand together and say so with this  resolution.   I yield to my colleague from Illinois.   