 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2877, a bill to add  Ireland to the E-3 nonimmigrant visa program.   As we approach St. Patrick's Day, this bill recognizes the unique  friendship and working relationship between the United States and  Ireland.   H.R. 2877 allows nationals of Ireland to be eligible to apply for  unused E-3 nonimmigrant visas subject to Ireland providing reciprocal  access to U.S. nationals. Holders of the E-3 temporary work visa must  be working in a specialty occupation while in the United States.   A specialty occupation is one that is defined in the Immigration and  Nationality Act as requiring:   One, ``theoretical and practical application of a body of highly  specialized knowledge; and   Two, ``attainment of a bachelor's or higher degree in the specific  specialty, or its equivalent, as a minimum for entry into the  occupation in the United States.''   The E-3 applicant must have a job offer from an employer in the  United States, and that employer must get a foreign labor certification  from the U.S. Department of Labor prior to filing a petition with U.S.  Citizenship and Immigration Services.   H.R. 2877 also requires that employers using Irish E-3 visa holders  in their workforce are, and will remain, participants in good standing  in the E-Verify program. This means that such employers must use E- Verify to ensure those that they employ are eligible to work in the  United States.   E-3 nonimmigrant visas are currently only available to nationals of  Australia and are capped at 10,500 per year.  [[Page H1542]]    Australian nationals have never used all of the 10,500 authorized  visas in a given year, nor have they even come close to doing so. In  fact, the highest number used was during the last fiscal year when  5,807 were issued.   H.R. 2877 provides that nationals of Ireland can utilize the visas  not used by Australians in a given calendar year. For operational  purposes, the visa can be issued for the following year but will be  counted against the previous year's cap. So the bill does not increase  the number of visas authorized and allows Australia, for whose  nationals the program was originally created, to have first access to  those numbers.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2877 is a simple bill that reflects the continued  friendship between Ireland and the United States. I urge my colleagues  to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, the bill is pretty simple. The opening is the closing.  This is one of those times where I think common sense prevails. We are  not increasing visas. We are continuing a strong relationship between  Ireland and the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   