 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. Engel, for yielding.   I am troubled by aspects of this debate. I think it is fine that we  have different views, but to hear some on the other side characterize  the position of  [[Page H110]]  those who support this resolution as somehow not loving the country as  much as they do when it is our country, as well, that we have pledged  to defend--it is the same veterans on this side of the aisle who put  themselves in harm's way as the veterans on the other side of the  aisle. There is no distinction in the battlefield. We love our children  and want to defend them as much as we know you do as well. So let's  stop the demagoguery regarding patriotism.   This comes to a simple question. It is not even a question as to  whether or not there was justification to take out Mr. Soleimani,  because clearly there was. The question is: Who gives the  justification? Who authorizes military action in this country?   We can all have our opinions.    We ought to consult the Constitution, which clearly vests  that authority in this Congress. We ought not fear that authority and  outsource it to the executive branch. We ought to embrace that  authority and be willing to make that decision and follow the  Constitution.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   One community I represent is Oscoda, a small town in the northern  part of my district. It was once the home of the Wurtsmith Air Force  Base.   Even though that base closed more than two decades ago, the Oscoda  community is now dealing with PFAS contamination from the base that is  leaching into their drinking water and the nearby lakes.   For years, I have been fighting to help the people of Oscoda clean up  PFAS contamination.   In January of last year, 1 year ago, I, along with Congressman Brian  Fitzpatrick, founded the bipartisan Congressional PFAS Task Force to  bring Republicans and Democrats together to address this growing and  urgent public health threat. We now have 50 members up from the 14  members that we started with. As more Members of Congress learn about  contamination in their districts, they are joining this movement.   We are beginning to know the problem, and we know that we have to do  more urgently to act to clean up and address PFAS in the environment.   That is why I am a strong supporter of the bipartisan PFAS Action  Act, a bill pushed through the Energy and Commerce Committee with the  support of many Members, but most importantly, my Michigan colleague,  Congresswoman Debbie Dingell.   According to the Environmental Working Group, over 100 million people  are exposed to PFAS in their drinking water. This isn't acceptable.  Every American deserves clean drinking water.   The PFAS Action Act will help protect families from PFAS in their  drinking water, lakes, rivers, and streams and in the air by requiring  PFAS to be listed under the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Water  Act, and the Clean Air Act. It will also require polluters and  corporations to clean up their PFAS contamination through CERCLA.   It is important that Congress acts, because the Trump administration  has not.   While the EPA and the Defense Department both have had authority to  protect the public from PFAS, they have so far failed in their  responsibilities to address this public health crisis.   The EPA has run a public relations campaign to convince us that they  care about PFAS but has failed to act to regulate these dangerous  chemicals, even missing their own promised deadlines to act.   Just this week, the White House signaled that it would likely veto  this legislation. In threatening to veto this bill, President Trump and  his administration clearly are siding with polluters instead of  protecting the health of the American people.   This act represents a continued push by this bipartisan group of  legislators for much-needed legislation to clean up PFAS and to  safeguard us from these chemicals.   Some of the provisions in this bill were taken out of the recently  passed NDAA by Senate Republicans, who sided again with President Trump  and the administration on behalf of corporate polluters to block these  provisions from becoming law.   While we were able to include many good PFAS provisions in the NDAA,  including phasing out of firefighting foam, requiring polluters to  report when they release PFAS into the environment, and allowing for a  nationwide study of PFAS contamination, many of these critical  provisions were ultimately blocked by Senate Republicans.   The House will continue to act to protect public health and urge  action for Oscoda and so many other places around the country.   I also, obviously, urge the passage of my amendment, which would  promote transparency and streamline EPA resources to help people  potentially exposed to PFAS and other contaminants to understand better  what their test results mean.   In the U.S., well water is essentially unregulated. For the 43  million people in our country with well water, when they get testing  results back, it is hard for them to understand how it could impact  their family's water supply.   Under this amendment, the EPA website would be simplified and  streamlined, making it easier for millions of American families to  understand the threat they face.   Madam Chair, I thank my colleagues, Congressman Kind from Wisconsin  and Congressman Gallagher, for supporting me with this amendment. I  encourage its adoption.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to adopt this.   Just to be clear, I support the underlying legislation, obviously.  The amendment simply requires that we provide an opportunity for people  who are potentially going to be affected by PFAS, particularly in  drinking water but also from other sources, to be able to understand  easily the threat they face.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this. Ultimately, this amendment is about making sure people  are armed with the information that they need to protect their  families.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    You raise an excellent point. The issue is, we could  mandate, if you would choose to, that States provide information on a  website that is easily discernible. The problem is that while wells and  other sources may be tested--I don't know if you have had the  opportunity to read the published tests from those examinations. The  idea of the amendment is not just to see that the information is  somehow available somewhere but available in a fashion that is easily  discernible by people who are not scientists.    Will the gentleman yield?    I appreciate the gentleman's concern.   I think we may simply have a disagreement as to whether or not there  is a legitimate Federal role in ensuring that this information is  readily available.   I understand the point about States, but I believe this is a national  interest in part because it is the Federal Government very often which  is the biggest culprit here.   The community, for example, that I represent in Oscoda, where so many  individuals had their private wells affected, they were affected by the  Federal Government's poisoning of the groundwater.   