 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S4658]]     Madam President, for almost 25 years, the internet has  grown and thrived under the light-touch regulatory framework  established by the Communications Decency Act. I hope we can continue  that. I think some changes need to be made.   Passed in 1996, the law that the Communications Decency Act is a part  of helped create the internet. Section 230 of that law gives broad  liability protections to interactive computer services, such as  Facebook, Twitter, and other social media platforms. This provision  protects online platforms from being held liable for content posted by  their users.   This is a unique protection for online platforms, and not everyone in  our country enjoys those protections. For example, newspapers do not  enjoy this important protection. But we have done this for internet  platforms.   At the same time, section 230 of the Communications Decency Act  allows online platforms to censor content that they--the platforms-- consider obscene, lewd, harassing, along with several other categories,  including the term ``otherwise objectionable.''   I am concerned that this term, ``otherwise objectionable,'' is too  broad and ends up protecting online platforms when they remove content  that they simply disagree with or dislike or find distasteful  personally.   I fear section 230 has enabled big tech companies to censor  conservative views and voices, and I am joined by a lot of Americans in  that view. As such, this provision has become a loophole for censoring  free speech, and it risks negating the values at the very heart of our  First Amendment.   In the last few years, reports of online censorship of conservative  viewpoints have grown more frequent. In early 2018, for example, an  undercover report exposed Twitter for systematically ``shadow banning''  conservative profiles--meaning users were blocked from the platform  without being notified.   More recently, Google threatened to demonetize a conservative news  site, The Federalist, for not removing offensive content in their  comment section. Based upon information I received, the comments may  indeed have been derogatory and unacceptable. But what is noteworthy is  that Google's threat toward the Federalist was hyperselective and a bit  hypocritical. Google held the Federalist accountable for comments made  by the Federalist readers, but Google does not want to be held  responsible for the posts or comments by users on Google's platforms,  including YouTube--a double standard imposed by Google itself. This  selective scrutiny reveals what most Americans already believe: that  tech companies are politically biased.    According to a 2018 Pew study, 7 out of 10 Americans believed social  media companies censor political viewpoints that they find  objectionable. That was 2 years ago. It has only worsened in the 2  years since then.   These concerns come at a time when tech companies wield unprecedented  power within our economy and our culture at large, and no one can deny  that. A bipartisan chorus of committee members from the other body  pointed this out just last week. More and more of our daily business is  taking place online, and that trend is only accelerating during the  current pandemic.   As we near the 2020 election, Americans have serious concerns about  whether online platforms will treat campaigns on both sides of the  aisle fairly and equally. Those concerns are warranted. I have those  concerns. Americans are right to be worried about interference by  politically homogenous tech firms that hold unprecedented sway over our  Nation's political discourse.   After 24 years, it is time for Congress to revisit section 230 of the  Communications Decency Act and start with refining--perhaps narrowing-- the scope of what counts as otherwise objectionable content subject to  censors. There may be other reforms that would be better, but I think  it is time for Congress and the committee that I chair to revisit this  section of the law.   Last week, the Commerce Subcommittee on Communications, Technology,  Innovation, and the Internet convened a hearing to consider exactly  this issue, and it was a very good hearing. As chairman of the Commerce  Committee, I intend to pursue this matter thoroughly and evaluate what  changes are needed to section 230. Congress needs to ensure that the  internet remains a forum for a ``true diversity of political  discourse'' that promotes competition and innovation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   