 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for a few  minutes as if in morning business.    Mr. President, I thought I would deliver a little good  news. It is a little hard to get good news these days, but I ran across  some.   I want to tell you about a man named Dr. John David Arnold, who, many  years ago, started out teaching school. He taught school in Arizona. He  had a little blue bus from which he had ripped out the seats and put in  desks. He used that blue bus to follow the migrant workers from Arizona  clear to the northern border as they worked, teaching the migrant kids.   He came up with an idea. As technology advanced, he said: You know,  if I give the kids a computer, I can handle a whole lot more kids. They  could use the phone to send their assignments in. He did that. So  remote learning has been around for a long time--probably 40 years.   One of the benefits he found was that the parents benefited from it  too. The parents of these migrant workers learned along with their  kids. That program grew.   Then he came up with another problem that he saw a solution for, and  that is that, in Phoenix, there were a lot of high school dropouts and  some kids being expelled. There weren't good results from that. So he  thought maybe he could start a school for these kids, and he would only  take a student who had dropped out or been expelled if they would sign  a contract. They and their parents had to sign a contract before they  could become students. That contract had to say, of course, that they  would behave, they would do their work, and what their goal was for a  job after they got out of high school. Then he trained them for that.   That was also a successful educational endeavor that goes on today.  There have been a lot of graduates from that, and, today, there are  students helping students.   A lot of people who graduated from that want to work with their hands  and do things. He has turned out a lot of mechanics, and he has helped  some mechanics get their own garages. Those mechanics have contributed  money so that other kids who graduate can go into competition with  them, but so that they will have the same kind of a start that they  had.   Now the students in the school and the graduates are working on  inventions to fight against COVID. This isn't their first crisis. They  were there after Katrina, and they are still there doing  [[Page S5890]]  work. On COVID, they have been providing food, clothing, and medical  supplies. They are still doing the job training. They have been working  on some mental health problems. They have helped with utilities. They  have helped with rent, and they have helped with group homes.   Where is this happening? It is not just in Arizona, not just in  Phoenix where it all started. It is happening in much of Arizona and in  a lot of New Mexico. They are working with the Apaches and the Navajos.  They are working against COVID in Mexico and in Africa. Yes, his school  has expanded to Africa. They are in Ghana. They are in Cameroon. They  are in Nigeria and in Liberia.   There are some good things happening in this world--people watching  out for other people. It isn't government that has all the solutions.  It is people caring about people.   I congratulate Dr. John David Arnold and his efforts following the  blue bus and through these other iterations of education. I hope he is  helping others with more on remote learning because that is where  America is at the moment.   I thank you for the time.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   