 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  brief remarks before the vote.    Madam President, I want to say a few words about  leadership. When I think of the word ``leadership,'' I think of Tom  Udall.   Leaders are humble, not haughty. Leaders have the heart of a servant.  They realize that our job is to serve, not to be served. Leaders have  the courage to stay in step when everyone else is marching to the wrong  tune. Leaders unite, not divide. They build bridges, not laws.   Leaders surround themselves with the very best people they can find.  When the team does well, the leader gives the credit to the team. When  the team falls short, the leader takes the blame.   The best leaders among us realize they don't build themselves up by  tearing other people down. Leaders are aspirational. They appeal to our  better angels.   Camus--a Frenchman--used to say that leaders are purveyors of hope.  Leaders seek to do what is right, not what is easy or expedient but  what is right.   Leaders embrace the Golden Rule: Treat other people the way they want  to be treated. The Golden Rule is in every major religion on the  planet. He embodies it.   Leaders believe that we should pursue excellence in everything we do.  If it isn't perfect, let's make it better. And when a leader knows that  he or she is right, they just won't give up. They don't give up.   Those are the qualities that we all admire in leaders. To be totally  honest, I fall short on a number of them. And I guess if we are all  truthful, we would all say the same thing.   He doesn't fall short on any of them. Tom Udall is the  personification of what a leader should be and a friend as well.   I just want to say thanks to his parents for raising him, bringing  him into the world, and putting him on the right path, giving us a  chance to serve with him.   I also thank Jill, his wife, for being just a terrific partner with  him. When we were stuck on TSCA--the Toxic Substance Control Act--she  came to the hearings in the committee. He was no longer on the  committee, but she came there, and everybody could see on her face that  we better get this right or we were in trouble.   The reason we had to pass the Toxic Substance Control Act is that the  Federal law that we passed a quarter century ago before didn't work,  and every other State stepped in and decided to have their own State  version. It was a patchwork quilt. It just didn't work. He pointed it  out and made it happen, made a change, and I just will always be  grateful for that.   The other thing I want to say is that he is a friend. I think if you  talk to anybody here, they would say that he is a friend. I don't care  if you are a Republican or a Democrat; he is a friend.   My wife and I and our sons, Christopher and Ben, had the opportunity  at the end of an Aspen Institute seminar in Tanzania, which was just an  incredible experience, to stay for 4 or 5 days afterward and just  travel throughout, go on a safari, and have a chance to see amazing  things--amazing things. When it was all over, we went back to the  airport in Tanzania, the Kilimanjaro airport, to catch a flight back to  the States. I will never forget. Our son Ben, who is our younger son,  said to his mom and dad and his older brother: That was the best  vacation we have ever had.   We talk about things we share with one another, but that is one that  is especially close to my heart.   Godspeed. God bless you.   